Friendly staff, good food, great beer selection, and relaxing atmosphere. Great wings and the buffalo chicken pizza is the best I've had. The sandwiches are all on thick cut Italian bread and fresh. Definitely  a hidden gem of the Greetree/Carnegie area. Looking for a low key hole in the wall with good prices and great food this is your place.
Great local bar. Theresa does a great job. Sandwiches are excellent. Recommend meatball, reuben, burger, fish sandwiches.
Excellent food , good service too I have had several different dishes here and all have been excellent
Our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty.  We are not going back.!  The waitress started as attentive, but slowly slipped away to the point where things became frustrating.
Great games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!! Super busy place.
Southwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmmmmmmmm. Ohh and the AMAZING Brews!
It always feels like everyone who shops at this target is moving in slow motion. Just sayin'.Otherwise, it's pretty much so like any other Target. The lines were crazy long today and I was only buying one thing. I was relieved when they sent a few more cashiers in and opened up some more lines. It definitely expedited what was looking to be a very long wait.
Always good food at a fair price. It's not gourmet, but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food, friendly service, and desserts to go. Can't beat it.
FANTASTIC PLACE! New owners make this place warm and family friendly!The portion size is worth its weight in gold. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Got bit up . Bed bugs wouldn't believe me I had to show my bite marks .. Even then refused to acknowledge me
Go there to get some authentic home made breakfast ! They have breakfast special and price is very reasonable !
Consistently awesome. Highly recommended. They always get my car in quickly. Their estimates are spot on. Very friendly.
Terrible pizza. Just plain gross. The crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic. I would never order their food again. Gross, gross, gross.
Awesome place Great costumer service Lots of groceries should learn from them Will come again
Love it here. The food was great and had anazing service. Will be back again! Everyone was so poliet and greeted us with a smile.
Great service, friendly staff, perfect hair cuts. I've been going to this salon for the past year, wish I would have found this place sooner. Recommend to everyone.
Great service in a quaint mom and pop spot with delicious breakfast menu!  Not gourmet but is consistently good and has brought me back again and again.
Only groups for trivia night. Unless you're okay with meeting random people at the bar, then by all means stay. Just make sure you're watching the game primarily then pipe in when you know the answer and people next to you have absolutely no idea what the answer is.  Who knows, maybe you'll get lucky and know the final bonus round question worth a lot more...Also go on live music night...it's free, the music isn't the greatest, but when it's free it's at the very least a good laugh when you've got friends to chill with, watch the game - Pirates for me is always the go to. Oh and did I mention that draft Yuengling is only $2! Doesn't get much better than that on the Northside ladies and gents!Hope you enjoy the hole in the wall as much as I did!
Gyros are delicious! Called for a pick up order and it was ready in 10 minutes. They also have a nice beer selection. Bluegrass night on Wednesdays gets pretty crowded, so you'll probably want to get there early.
A good selection of classic Pittsburgh beers and tasty German cuisine. The service is pretty good and it's a great place to watch a Pirates game.
Great european style boutique hotel.  You can not beat this hotel for the money!
Believe it or not, I was planning on doing a review of this Pittsburgh landmark before the big news that Warren Buffett's billions was buying Heinz. Dear Warren Buffett, don't mess with my ketchup!FACT: Heinz Ketchup is used in 93% of restaurants, nation wide!The HJ Heinz company was formed in 1869 when Henry John Heinz sold his mother's canned horseradish door to door. Today Heinz's headquarters are still here in Pittsburgh, although no products are made in Pittsburgh anymore. The plant at the base of Troy Hill near the Allegheny river was sold to Treehouse Foods where they make private label soups. I'll never forget going to the factory as a Cub Scout and how the vinegar smelled as we toured the factory. We each got a full size bottle of Ketchup to take home with us, and of course a Pickle Pin, one of the most iconic symbols associated with Heinz.Again, Mr Buffett, don't mess with the red stuff or a whole gaggle of Terrible Towel waving Yinzers will open a can of whoop ass on ya!
Pros: friendly staff, clean, nice pool and close food. Rooms are clean, bathrooms are nice.Cons: towels were stained, walls were a little rough.For the price it's clean and solid, needs a facelift inside as it's aged. But I'd stay here again!
When I'm in the Burgh there is no other pizza choice! Worth the drive from anywhere! Great selection and priced fairly!
The BEST pizza I've ever had, I love as their sauce that they use fresh, chunky tomatoes; also the unmelted cheese makes this pizza my favorite. When I go (which isn't too often sadly) I get 3 pieces because it's so divine!!
Best beer distributor around everything you need is here. Very convenient location. Owner is the nicest most knowledgable guy around. Best employees best prices can't say enough good things
Small dark not very opening or friendly place. Will not be returning. The floor is dirty. The bathrooms are small tgey stink and the lock is broken on the womans side. No food offered. Maybe u have to ask. I got a vodka cran and it was watered down. The only good thing was free parking out back.
Great food and atmosphere. Sweet potato waffle fries are the best. Great for Pirate games.
Yum! Bloody Mary bar is my favorite, especially during game days on Sunday's! I would love to see an expansion of an outdoor space for the summer time! That would be SO FUN! Love love Cains!!!
One of the best breakfast places in Pittsburgh!  Yummy good food!  Worth a visit.  Always been able to find a spot to park. Prices are good and the service is great.
Loved it! Tasty food and friendly service!Visiting there from out of town and decided to check it out. We went on a Saturday morning so we expected a long wait but it was only around 15 min. We had pancakes, stuffed French toast, bacon and eggs. All were yummy! Prices are reasonable and worth it for the good food and friendly service.Would make the trip again to go there!
Chili cheese omlette was amazing!  Great home fries and toast as well. Its gotta be the only place in town to watch early sporting events while eating breakfast. Service was very attentive.  My coffee cup never got below half full.
The best hot dog I've had. Ever. I also have to say trying to decide which hot dog I wanted was by far one of the hardest decisions I have had to make (food-wise). Eventually, I got the chihuahua dog because it was out of the box and I wanted try something new. It comes with avocado spread, salsa, cheddar cheese, and jalapenos. The dog itself was perfectly crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside and really just the best I have had. The toppings were great and I was happy I gave it a try. My friend got the bacon and cheese dog. I was expecting bacon bit type bacon, but they were full strips of bacon that were perfectly crisp and the melted cheese was right on. I am certainly going to come back and try a new hot dog. I am very exciting to finally have a hot dog place that I know produces fantastic tasting hot dogs. I would definitely recommend you give this place a try.
Fun bar, but if you aren't a smoker be prepared for your eyes to burn and your clothes to stink like cigarettes when you leave!The usual Miller, Coors, Bud beers are cheap. No food. Just drinks.
Came quickly and promptly. Fixed my problem for $85. Will use them again if the need should arise. Fixed my washer without charging me an arm and a leg.
MUCH nicer since the renovation! The only thing I don't love is that there are rarely baskets near the entrance, and it's weird how you have to go through the whole produce area to get to the rest of the store!Checkers are usually friendly here, and good selection and variety.
Donuts are you always fresh at 7 am when I go.  best donuts in pittsburgh. My favorite donuts glazed. I am glazed customer!)))
Defective tipping policy. By disallowing credit or debit card tip ( accepting cash only tips), I'm sure the stylists are getting less tip than they would otherwise.  They are totally at the mercy of their customer's current wallet contents,  especially since it is anonymous by virtue of customer placing in unmarked envelope which gets placed in their file. Come on. Seriously? The place seems modern except for that.Other than the tipping policy, it's a first-class salon.  I've been coming here for a couple several months now for color, cut, and styling.  Note that you don't have to get the top level of stylist to get a great do.  Margeaux is my stylist and she definitely knows what she is doing.  I get consistently good haircuts and color time after time.  Pricey?  Somewhat.  Worth it?  Yup.
Thank you for fixing my nails from b&t when they messed them up! You're a lifesaver!Basically, long story short, b&t salon messed up my nails REALLY badly. You can see my review on their yelp page.I walked down the street to Kenny's nail salon (which I had visited while at point park university several years before) and the lady was nice enough to put me in quite quickly and fix the messy job b&t did!
Truffle fries to die for & unique delicious cocktails w/friendly staff to boot! They could use a door curtain to keep the cold chill out as it floods the bar area every time someone enters or exits but a nice, relaxed atmosphere.
"Jalapeno tostadas...yum!" That was a tip I shared a while back, let me go just a little deeper. That Hot sauce you found, loved and could never locate again? Reyna's has it. Biggest hot sauce collection in town. The same goes for BBQ sauces, any Latin ingredient you can think of, salsas out the wazoo, HANDMADE tortillas and tortilla chips so good they supply the best Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh, fresh salsas, scorpion lollipops (for your wild, still sweet self), loose beans, herbs and all sorts of goodies in bins in the back....including dried hibiscus flowers that I make my mango hibiscus daiquiris with!Whatever you need, Reyna's has it. If they don't, ask...they do their best to get it! And don't miss the taco stand outside or the restaurant downstairs. Whatever Reyna's does, it's top notch!
pretty good gyro cooked on rotisserie as it should be they told me it is 75/25 % lamb/beef. they have a combo special with fried they let me substitute lemon potatoes, which were quite good.. reasonable prices.
Love this place always come for the gyro made the traditional way.  Small cafe very clean.  If you wanted to watch a game they have a 55 inch flat screen.  Always busy the Line literally out the door.  Not pricey in the 3-12 range
I love it- some of the best slices in Pgh!  Large New York size slices- killer wedding soup!
A great, intimate setting to see some local theatre! I went to a performance of Plaid Tidings and really enjoyed the show. You sit at tables rather than the usual side-by-side audience seating and can order drinks and food before/during the show.They have a small bar which seemed to get quite overwhelmed during intermission. We had to wait a while to get a drink, but there were a lot of people there all at once, so that is bound to happen.The ushers and other staff were all very polite. I was also impressed by some of their past shows they had displayed on the wall and would definitely go back for another show!
Possibly the best sushi I've had in Pennsylvania. I would go back to Pittsburg just to get sushi from Andys.
Perfect Location. Friendly staff. Love this place! The valet guys are extremely helpful, and pointed me in the right directions a few times.
Good service,  didn't eat just had a beer.  Nothing to brag or complain about. Scouting for a corporate event in dtown Pitt but the place is a little to run down.
Their fresh pasta is delicious. They also have a nice selection of pasta sauces and fresh cheese. They also have so many fresh dips I want to buy.
They have an extensive assortment of coffee beans and a friendly, quick staff. I wound up getting their Sumatra beans and loved them.
Portions are huge! Try the gnocchi! We started off at the bar while we waited for the other half our group. They had fried chickpeas sitting out on the bar which were absolutely delicious. Once our party was all there and we were seated, we decided to order. My brother, sister, and I all decided to go with the 3 course meal. While the rest of my family ordered just one thing. Overall we found that the pasta dishes were far better than the other dishes with the exception of the lamb chops which were prefect. My sister & I both got the ricotta gnudi which was in giant balls and delicious but I would have preferred if it was in smaller gnocchi like shapes. My brother got the burratta which was very good but also huge. My brother's fiance got the ceasar salad which she said was good but also a very large portion. For our main courses the highlights were definitely the gnocchi, the pasta tasting trio, and the Angello (lamb chops). I ended up getting the Saltimbocca alla  Romano which had great flavors but was overcooked. My sister got the sausage, which was okay, but not as great as we would expect for a restaurant owned by Lydia. The lasagna was also not as good as you would have thought. The best of the desserts was the gelato trio, but the tiramisu & upside down rhubarb cake was also good (although the rose gelato wasn't so great) .
The ambience is very good but the food was just okay. Nothing to talk about. The service was good.
Short and sweet,this place is awesome.  Great food and atmosphere. Every time I come here, I get the Big Wheeler, or the number 7. Never left without saying "wow, that was great"
Beautiful spot for a wedding. Very clean, the food was amazing (not your average wedding fare) and a breathtaking view of the city.  I cannot imagine a more beautiful hotel venue for a wedding.
Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.They do not keep to a high standard of service.The rooms are not worth the money.
It's a cash only place. Love coming here. Welcoming & great food. It's really old school Pittsburgh - so it's very blue collar kind of atmosphere. Just about everything is fried but is fabulously good. Beer is cheap & a decent selection.
Best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.  Yummy oysters too! Always a great meal here.  Always sit at the bar. Even when I was a kid and my Dad took me there,  we always sat at the bar.  Great bartenders.  Awesome ambience,  old school, great place.
Typical Starbucks nothing special, serves everything all Starbucks have. All the other small cafés and coffee shops close so early so I didn't really have many options. Needed some caffeine ASAP!
The large pizza is huge. Don't underestimate it.Be sure to try the "Angelo's Special" sandwich with the homemade mayo sauce.
I am convinced this place has the best Pho in Pittsburgh the spring rolls are really good too. The space sure isn't fancy but the owners are friendly and attentive. It is the best pittsburgh has to offer for Vietnamese food
Ritters is a Pittsburgh treasure. Old school diner, complete with at-table mini jukeboxes that sometimes work. Great people watching here.  This is the place you come for late night munchies or possibly morning after recovery.  Breakfast food is on point, as is the Greek fare. Cash only like most of the coolest spots in The Burgh!
Ritter's is always good time. Good food and good people watching. Plenty of places to park in the parking lots. Had the grilled ritter's sandwich and it was yummy. My mom had the tuna salad sandwich and said it was good but she's had better.
Horrible excuse of a slop house. DONT EAT HERE!! Food recooked and disgusting. There are many other choices on the Pittsburgh area. Do NOT MAKE THE MISTAKE AND EAT HERE.
Fast service and excellent food. I had the kelly burger. It was awesome. It was busy, but only waited 5 mins for a table.
Great food.  Great service.  We dine here at least twice a month and love it. The Pad Thai and bamboo shoot curry are both amazing! I love that they have a spicy scale and you can choose your spice level on any dish.
Best pizza in the Burgh and the Italian salad is amazing..The wings are great also..When ppl come in from out of town I make sure they have a Fioris pie before they leave
So friendly and helpful. I never feel like I'm being taken advantage here! The staff is wonderful and I wouldn't take my car anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
Great food everytime love the moonlite chicken sandwich... The sampler platter is amazing you get so much food for such a great price !
Our fav pizza spot in Pittsburgh! 1/2 butcher block & 1/2 veggie lovers is Awesome!You get what you expect- Delicious PIZZA!  Toss salad is good with the pizza and the Calzones are great too!! MMMMM I'm getting hungry remembering it.   Look at the specialty pizzas on the back of the menu cause that's where it's at!!! Honestly, this place is mostly deliver and take out orders, the restaurant is not impressive and leaves much to be desired for ambiance.  10 old booths and lots of old sports memorabilia.  It seriously hasn't been updated since the first time I've been here, 18 years ago.  Don't expect an immaculately impressive bathroom, but you can find the only cloth roller towel I've EVER seen, straight from 1949.  It's BYOB so bring some B or buy some from the store next door.  (I don't really understand the previous reviewer's complaint about greasiness, I've never had this issue.  But I probably would not buy a piece of cheesecake from here cause come on, it probably wasn't make fresh here and it it wasn't then what's the point of getting it??)This is always a good choice for pizza!!
So sad, restaurant is closed.  No more meals at China Gate at the Galleria. Really enjoyed dinner there.
first date roll with soy paper is a must  also gotta try the black marlin it melts in your mouth
Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.  I don't live very close to here but this was my 'go-to' spot every 2-3 weeks when my wife was getting her nails done at South Hills Villiage.  Friendly staff, decent selection (meaning they had what I smoked), happy hour draft specials, etc.  But I'm sure the mall's rent killed them.  I hope they reopen somewhere else close...
Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.  Even their Website & Facebook pages say they are closed.
Amazing staff and beautiful shoes everywhere!  Prices are reasonable and affordable. I was looking for waterproof boots, they have a wide selection.  I bought WANTED brand boys and they're so comfortable!  I walked the rest of walnut street in them!  Thanks guys!
Excellent place to chill work in a nice location on walnut street in shadyside.  Usually play good music but tonight I almost stole the guys headphones next to me to save me from the way too Singy, song writingly, songs.  You know what I mean.I feel like I owe it to the manager here to add to the review above with an updated comment about the 'Queen' rock music day for the last 5 hours. Loll, awesome!  I just adjusted my review from 3 to 4 stars.
Best laundry mat I have ever used.Machines are fast. You will be done washing and drying any number of loads in an hour or less. They all work great the place is constantly being cleaned.
The Vietnamese short rib was amazing, the hotteok will change your life.  Excellent atmosphere and experience all around.  Get a desert!
A real miracle worker.  The best chiropractor on the Eastside.  Very professional and is excellent at what he does.
Noisy.  Kids crying at night.  Old appliances.  Disappointing for the price.  It is a greatlocation but for one person it is too much.
A couple things about happy hour- late happy hour is awesome, martini happy hour is awesome, but the happy hour menu is super limited. For such a delicious dirty martini, though, full price was ok- occasionally. Maybe they keep it off the half off menu so I don't move in. We only had dessert, so I can't comment on rest of the menu- but it all seems relatively well priced. The carrot cake was bomb, but to be fair, it's hard to mess up anything with cream cheese icing. I'll definitely be coming back to get a more rounded experience. But so far it's the bee's knees!
The "customer" service and pharmacy are TERRIBLE at this location!  I was not helped at all and was basically ushered out of the store.  Will be keeping my money at Aldis from now on.
Awful customer service, rude and poorly managed. Never again.Will go to the one in Ross or order online.
Worst wait times ever, staff is inefficient. It doesnt matter if the store if updated with a fancy facade, wait times average 15 minutes to 40 minutes for drive through during peak times. If youre going to run a fast food joint the keyword is "fast"
This place has gone down hill fast!  The staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order.  And 90% of the time your order is wrong.  Such a dissappointment!
Loaded Italian sausage sub... No need to say more! (Get cheese sauce for your fries). I have never had a bad sub from this place and doubt I ever will!
Solid pizza for a great price. I wouldn't exactly call it ny style but more so than others that make that claim. Fast delivery as well
Great Christmas trees and awesome horse drawn carriage ride to the barn!This place is fantastic.  We have strawberry picked here, gone to the pumpkin patch, had a four-year old's birthday party here , ridden ponies, milked cows, gone on hay rides, made smores, and fed sheep and goats. These fine people have willed their land and farm to the Catawba Land Conservancy to preserve this lovely 50 acre farm.  It is now surrounded by McMansions but one can truly feel away from it all while here.Easy drive, straight down Providence Road.BTW-- the bday party was the best, most fun and affordable party we've done.  Strawberry pickin', kickball and a pinata.  Bliss!
Clean and welcoming... For cheaper rates, book through Hotwire. Only thing I didn't like is whatever they cleaned with -- it was a bit much and had an overwhelming smell when I would walked into the hotel.
Best German food and beer this side of Germany! Pilsners, pretzel rolls and schnitzel, oh my! Plan to have a couple beers at the bar before dinner. They have several German beers on tap. The food is delicious, we usually end up getting the schnitzel (breaded pork cutlet, stuffed with black forest ham and swiss cheese),  and the duck, of course with spaetzle or bread dumplings. Prepare to embarrass yourself when your party of two inevitably asks for another basket of pretzel rolls, they're that good. This is the epitome of comfort food and will absolutely wreck your diet, but I can at least promise you it will be worth it. The staff are great, you feel like you're dining in someone's very large German home. It's a special night out kind of place, with entrees $15-20. I have no complaints about this place except its not closer to my house.
They serve spaten Oktoberfest year round! Great brots, potato pancakes, and pretzel bread!
Wonderful German fare.  A great destination for dinner. We called ahead and waited 15 min.  Not bad considering it's popularity. They have a wide selection of German food. The spaetzele is the best side dish to order.
60 day trail membership! Free! I tried Bj's out and it is great! I still like Costco better. Bj's doesn't have a big produce section. It is nice that they let you use manufacturers coupons!
This starbucks is in Carolina place mall. The pic is not correct!!! Picture is of free standing starbucks a half mile away
Great in store. Poor follow up. Delivery issues. Still working out delivery for our headboard which was bought over a week ago.
Excellent southern Italian style dishes. Food is served family style so a small portion will feed two people. Avoid anything made with aioli as they do not do a good job with this.
Worst customer service. Staff very rude. On plus side there portions are huge. Never had problem at other locations. Manager and person who takes to go orders need some courses to have better customer service and communication skills . Will not return at this location!!!!
Everything is overpriced. Customer service is ok. There's a few great ladies here. The rest are dull
The service was great! The food is ver delicious and very accessible since it was near the mall! Everybody should try Taco Bell especially the chicken cheese and rice burritos.
Stay Away!  They damaged my car. If I were you I would not risk taking my car or any other vehicle to auto bell.
This place is amazing. It is a hidden restaurant right in uptown Charlotte. The food is amazing. The drinks are amazing, especially the beer selection. It is also a very good place for date night, bro night, or just night. It is so good. :D Parking is on the street and it is only for two hours without permit. Just FYI. :D
Love this place! The atmosphere is awesome and the food is even better!! I've had the burgers several times and they are repeatedly phenomenal. That being said, the chicken Pitas, and other sandwiches are great. To be honest, I don't think I've had a bad item at Al Mikes.
Friendly staff. Super comfy bed. Awesome shower head. Can't go wrong. Unfortunately, wifi isn't free, so plan accordingly. Within walking distance most downtown happenings. Appreciated the town car service. I mean, who doesn't like rolling up in a black Escalade. Drivers were friendly too and offered Charlotte-centric tips.
Beds are great and fitness/pool area is good, people are fantastic. The location was excellent, close to the baseball park, nascar hall of fame.
Prepare for a LONG wait, poor customer service and God forbid you have to use the restroom while you wait 30+ minutes! Unfortunately there is nothing good I can say about TW Cable. Besides the extremely poor customer service when visiting their office, the equipment they offer is outdated, to reach someone in customer service via a phone call, you are definitely going to be dealing with a mess.The best DVR they can offer customers is a model that can only record 2 shows at a time compared to other companies that now have models that can record up to 5 shows at a time. The only reason I am with them is because they are the only provider for my home at the moment and satellite is not an option.
This is the worst branch in the history of branches!!!! Service is so slow...long lines and a bunch of customers who can't believe they actually use Time Warner Cable!!!
Always great food and service.  Lunch grabbed Fixed and out in under 20 minutes.  Fast speedy line to work the lunch crowd.  Always order the lunch specials.  My favorite. " Two Taco Special".  One soft and one hard, one shrimp one chicken, shrimp on the soft one, all the way, all the fixins that are included, chips salsa and a 20 oz drink all for $6.99..Great buy!!!#
So very busy at 8pm on Sunday.   Came to Charlotte while on vacation and it was on my route.  Parked at the Hearst Media Towers and just went walking.  I saw Mert's and looked up on Yelp and the reviews got me in.  Now, let's be clear on this.  This location is in a nice building, next to a nice Holiday Inn; so don't expect fancy NOTHING.   The inside looks very well broken in but yet clean and eclectic. Iron metal art sculptures with wood adorn the inside, the kitchen area is open and you can see everything.  There was only two guys back there and may GOD bless them both, they were rockin out some GREAT FLAVOR.   I was promptly seated then greeted by my server whom said she would be right back to take my order.  As I said this place was busy so I figured I would be waiting on my food.  NOT THE CASE.   As with most places I visit first I say to the servers "Please bring me food.  Your choice, Your call.  Don't tell me."  Then I list what I don't eat.  I also asked for sweet tea.    Understanding that this is soul food, real soul food.  So I was excited.  The tea came, glass was clean.  The tea.  Well, the first glass went down fast and was refilled quickly by my server with a smile.   Within a few minutes my food was delivered by another server.  Fried Chicken, green beans, and mac & cheese, with cornbread.  I'm happy.    The green beans had great flavor, very nicely cooked.  The mac & cheese is incredible, was tempted to order a side bowl of this but, hey, already ate like 4 times prior.  I picked the chicken up, white meat; and tried to bite into it.  WRONG!!!!!!!!!!     I warn you, wait for 20 to 30 minutes till you can get into this.  HOW THE HECK IS IT SO HOT FOR SO LONG?  Darn..  I had to cut into it with a knife to let the heat out.  Once it was safe to eat it, I was first taken to the memory of my mothers and grandma's chicken that was made at home.  Perfectly seasoned, not greasy, but just pure flavor and moist.  I finished off several more glasses of that great sweet tea and cleaned my plate.    Total bill was about $11, I forgot to keep the receipt, but was well worth it and the server was taken very good care of.    She offered cake for desert but it was HUGE, no way I could have eaten that and still be functional to see the town that night.       Only downside to this place is that it is right off the street, so you get noise from the traffic and flies find their way in.  No biggie, they did not eat much.       So if you live within a couple of hours, this place rocks.  Service is great.  Happy Eating...
Good, honest food, at a fair price, made by cheerful folk. I've been going there for years, and am rarely disappointed.
A beautiful location in uptown Charlotte. Get the Sunday brunch. Awesome! $3 mimosas on Sunday, even MORE awesome, and the bartender even allowed me to sub cranberry juice for the orange juice. Oh yeah, the buffet is really good too. Cheese, fruit, bagels, biscuits, muffins, eggs, gravy, grits lox, chilled shrimp, salmon, halibut, steak, and more and more!Its not cheap but for the sheer amount of options available it is certainly worth it.
Horrendous service and mediocre food. Don't even waste your time with this restaurant. If you do decide to go, you will have to wait for your entree for over 30 minutes. Just awful in every sense of the way. The only redeeming quality is the decor.
This hotel is in a good location, right next door to the NASCAR Hall of Fame, and one block away from the convention center. I had a nice two room suite on the 9th floor (so I can't confirm or deny the comments about the stench on the lower floors). The room was clean and comfortable and there was a nice jacuzzi tub in the bedroom. All the staff i encountered were friendly and helpful. i will say that it was a little bit of a walk to get to the "heart of the action" in uptown Charlotte..not too far, but in the 90 degree weather a slightly sweaty walk :-)I will agree with the other reviewer that said the coffee was terrible..i agree whole heartedly, but since there are so many nice coffee shops in uptown charlotte there are other choices. All in all a solid choice to stay.Park yourself and save the $15
Great dinner tonight with good friends. Lobster bisque, crab and lobster cakes with an added lobster tail, filet and lobster for my husband. Good wine. Richest carrot cake.
Food was delicious and staff was very progressional. I will return again.  I had the lamb chops and the lobster and cheese Mac! Delicious
I love an occasional cigar while traveling out of town.  I found Cutters and decided to have my ritual end of day smoke.  The reviews weren't wrong.  This place will remind you of a 1930's speakeasy.  Ask for Katie. She is awesome.
Cigar bar at the Marriott. Way cool!. I didn't realize they were serving from their bar menu as well as from Savannah Red (great restaurant on property). I had the $8 crabcake appetizer. Lots of lump crabmeat. Definitely a nice bargain. Bartender Sam was very friendly and attentive. Nice crowd. Great cigars. Excellent choices of scotch and gin. My kind of place.
Bring your own cigars and pay the cut fee. The atmosphere is great for intimate meets. However, if you are looking for a place for you and the guys, there are only a few spots to sit. No more than 5 people and you'll love this spot.
Never had a bad meal here in over a decade. Burgers and grinders are my go-to's. Get a dill pickle half to cap off the meal.  Prices are on the high side but don't eat at south park mall if you're poor. McDonald's is right across the street.
If you're in a hurry, don't come here. They crawl at a snail's pace. VERY SLOW.  I've been standing in line for 15 min. Finally got to order and I tell the guy "sausage and egg on a plain bagel, no cheese". You'd think my order was so complex. He couldn't remember what I ordered. If you're in a hurry don't come here.
Very reliable, does a quality job, good location.  Apparently yelp needs this to be longer so blahhhh blahhhh blahhh 5 stars
Buy one get one Arizona iced tea!
Complete disappointment! Rooms at the Comfort Suites are better than this dump. Its listed as a 4 star... This is an ugraded Motel 6. Completely disappointed. This ruined my anniversary!
Absolutely do not stay here!!!!!!!! Meth and crack whore haven!!!! Smelled like someone was cooking meth in room next door, police activity in parking g lot. Crack whore stopped me as i got out of my truck to check in and asked for a dollar to go across street and get a pop.
Fast fast fast diner food.   Delicious Chicken Pot Pie!  Seriously, we went for lunch and i SWEAR the waitress took our order, walked back to the kitchen and returned with our food.   Southern Home cooking Fast.
Gold season pass holders park for free (regular parking $15), get 10% off food and merchandise and 20% off cabana rentals, and more.Went here with family back in August and had a nice time.  While the rest of the crew enjoyed many of the park's offerings (roller coasters, fro-yo, novelty games), I concentrated on doing laps at the deeper end of  the wave pool (not positive, but I think it went as deep as 12 feet), far from the kiddies.**  (And yes, I tried not to think of how many of them do not bother to leave the pool to look for a restroom...)  I'm so grateful we found a covered table that could accommodate most of us as some went to the lazy river, while others went to swim elsewhere, while I or another stayed and watched over our belongings.  And yes, we also had valuables stashed away at locker rentals nearby.  I STRONGLY suggest going online days beforehand to purchase your tickets, locker rentals, AND cabanas for they will sell out on the day you get there.  Cabanas will run you $60 for six people, and includes six bottles of water and towels to use while at the park.  I tried my hardest to sell the idea to our group, but no takers... I think at the end they wished they'd supported me.  (Forget about locating open loungebeds upon arrival- you won't find any, at least not any you'd like to use.)  Large locker rentals were slightly less expensive than smaller ones, and they rent out fast, and the smaller ones were not very tote-friendly.  (You will also run the risk of not finding enough lockers for your group.) The women's restrooms were puddle-ridden, dirty, and missing toilet paper, with long lines to boot.  I hope the park fixes this problem, stat!Great variety of rides and activities to do here.  I think that the exits could be marked better, though.  We all had a hard time finding our way out, but I'm sure this was not an accident!  Kind of like shopping at an IKEA... there's no easy way out, as management wants to keep you from leaving too soon!One nice thing about the park is that the themes change from season-to-season, from year-to-year.  Don't forget to check out promo codes online before ordering your tickets!  ** I did try a couple of roller coasters, a mild one, and another that not only looped forwards, but also backwards.  By the time I found out, I didn't want to back out.  I should've, though.  This ride marked the last time I will attempt one, for I had terrible vertigo for the remainder of the afternoon.  Not a very wise decision for someone who suffers from motion sickness.  :(
If you have been to Disney or even Chi-fil-a this place will disappoint you with their horrible customer service. Perhaps when 80% of your staff are 18 yrs and younger you need to instill respect, courtesy and the customer is always right b/c they just dropped a freakin mini fortune on this crappy amusement park that post hours of operations for stores and restaurants as suggested times. And you only get 1 star because I couldn't leave it blank
i am from Cali; and we love our sushi; was worried that i might never find good sushi while here. This place proved me wrong; great sushi; super quick for call ins and across fom my school; so excited! Might be a weekly place for me!!
Always great service and awesome food! Passing by the restaurant and smelling the aroma makes you want to stop in and ask for a fresh plate of food! They always serve a lot of food and it tastes amazing! Great Asian food in Uptown :)
This place was so great!  My first time eating curry goat and oxtail and I'm hooked.  Very generous portions.  The collard greens were the best I've ever had.
I always take my stuff here. They are nice and they do great alterations. Turn around time is quick too.This is the best customer service. Truly. Hands down. That's why I go here. Yes it is close to home, but the service is outstanding. They have also taken great care of my clothes. If you live close, I recommend them. There are also some pointers I recommend too. They are as follows:1. Don't go during lunch or rush hour time. Just don't do it unless you are planning to eat, drink at another establishment, which there are many, with in walking distance. I go in the morning or Saturdays.2. If you do plan to go eat at an establishment, look where you parked. That area, as with most places now, have limited parking. Make sure you move your car to a proper spot other wise you will get the boot.Hope this helps, and happy dry cleaning!
Only has one person that can do a fill-in. She didn't ask me, she TOLD me to come back tomorrow. I work retail. There is no tomorrow. I will not go back!
Great food, fine cocktails, excellent service provided by Kelly.  We noticed this place fairly close to our hotel. I looked up the Yelp reviews and decided to check it out. Good choice.
Really rude and non Indian people.....I have never had such a bad experience with any restaurant let alone Indian.....god bless them. I would be interested in seeing how long they can stay in business with this attitude.
Kid's night every Wednesday...awesome deal. Check it out, fills up fast.  March is the Month of Giving for Ace & TJ Grin Kids
Service is good. Gumbo was a bit watery and a pinch of salt wouldn't have hurt. Gumbo was fresh. The same tomatoe soupy water they use in the gumbo they also add to my shrimp and grits. Shrimp and andoui sausage  was good but grits its self were under seasoned i.e pinch of salt.
Food is always great and service is good! Best brunch in Charlotte. My son loves the beignets and they sell out quick...
Very loud, bad service, and the food doesn't met the expectations. We came w a party of 10 people, we didn't even get menus for a while, it was so loud we could hardly listen to our server. Dirty plates were sitting in our table for a long time. Super disappointed
Great service and food! The shrimp creole was really good. We really wanted beignets but those are only served on Sunday.
Wonderful people & better yet. .had the stuff I wanted! And the one part they didn't have will be in I a week
Bodricks BBQ is permanently CLOSED!!   I frequent Statesville Rd. weekly and in the last 3 to 4 months, this place has been shuttered.
Bojangles in Terminal B, go ! That is all. :-)
No toilet seat covers! Ugh, but very welcoming lady's in the bathroom handing out candy and mouthwash.
Free flowing crowd -- hospitable staff and a Starbucks nearby -- Winning!! I love that there multiple seating areas around for when you get exhausted from walking / flight
Decent lunch.. Greek American. We were over at the airport center for training and there are not a lot of choices for lunch so we decided to check out this place that was within walking distance. Menu includes hot sandwiches, wraps, gyros, and salads. Pretty basic. But if you are short on time you get your food pretty quick.
One of the best lunch spots in charlotte. Great specials and allways fresh. Not impressive on outside but staff is awesome and food is some of the beat around.
My appointment was at 9. It's now 10 and I'm still waiting.  :-/  everyone around me was here when I got here and are still waiting as well...  I would not return based on the lack or respect for my time.  When I finally got to see the dr at 10:30 she spent all of 4 minutes on me.
The food and atmosphere was quite charming.  Had the ramen soup and it was very light and flavorful. Highly recommend to try this quaint little place
Good Irish cream latte though I will say I have been to this location twice and neither time were they friendly.  So watch out for the chill in the air.  The seating outside is beautiful with the water fountain right in front of it.  I have yet to try their food but the location is south park is much better!
If you are a South Park yuppie you will love it. If not stay away. Nuff said.Staff is rude. And they are idiots
Very good Singapore noodles. When orders are taken correctly, the food is very good. I don't eat too many other dishes here but the Singapore noodles are really tasty.
Not the easiest place to find a parking spot.  But quite nice once inside.  Its 2 stories so there's plenty of selection to be had.  A very pleasant coffee bar with wonderful teas and pastries as well.All in all a great place to kill some time or buy a book.
Good food great price ! Everybody loves Showmars !!! If you haven't been here you're missing out !
I love the food and the price. Usually we eat the Grecian chicken.   The home made Oreo cheesecake is unique and very tasty.
Great selection of beers. Not the best food but it's a beer bar after all. Was a better place when they had pool tables but not a bad place to watch a ballgame now.  Monday has really good specials for draft beers. And seasonal rotations offer great new selections.
80 degrees, line out the door, and no AC. Awful experience, do not rent here!!! Staff isn't even friendly
Don't be afraid by the exterior! Lunch date here with my co-workers after our weekly meeting. First off...I really should have gps'ed the address because this place off the beaten path...or maybe too beaten. It's actually on an I-85 service road nestled between a chain hotel and an old motel. I must say I was a wee bit concerned when I got out of the car. But it was all good when I got inside.I ordered the Quesadilla Rellino (sp) and a side order of guacamole. Of course the guac came out first and maybe its because I make a mean guacamole but this was a watered down avocado mousse with very little seasoning. I had to ask for a lime and shake some s&p before I could convince myself to eat it. Not okay!! My quesadilla however was awesome!! The chicken was seasoned so perfectly, I really could have eaten buckets of it. Overall, I will definitely try this place again san guacamole.
Walking distance (right next door) to the Wingate, and there's a nice outdoor seating area.I had the carnitas.  It was a little overcooked, but the flavor was good.  Service was so-so, I'd go back if I have a lot of time to eat, but not for a quick trip.
Excellent 'Dive-Mex'.  Easy to eat lunch for  less than $5.  Plenty of outdoor seating when the weather is warm
Overall - OK. BEDS SEEMED CLEAN. rooms were clean - but no friggen elevators?!?!wow. I'm writing another line so this is a review and not a tip. Am I there yet??
Shits poppin. Would give five stars but lids on to-go cups are a little iffy. Also damn how many characters do I need to type for this to be a review, the world needs to hear my voice fam
Orders stay wrong,this place dirty and the grade is 90.....WTF.......!!!!!! The late night shift dancing and joking around all while blasting the Amigos on their radio...really just because your on besttis ford doesn't mean you act like your ON DA FORD !!!
Best burgers in town!! In fact, everything on the menu is great! Chicken & trout plates are not to be missed. I could eat here everyday!
Good food good people great place breakfast all day Saturday and hot fried chicken 20 minutes  but worth the wait
Friendly staff...good food...good prices, comparable to IHOP...will visit again if in the area, but would not go out of my way to come here.
So amazing and nice employees. Great food like great. It's weird that it's this good but I come here once a week and it is godly
It's now fox and hound. Great place great staff !Tuesday's and Wednesday are good along with Friday. Pub food at its best. Drink specials every day. If your in Pineville well yu should make it your stop on the way home.
Awesome.   1st time being here and will be back.  Everyone should try it if able.   Was a little difficult to locate as it is behind outback steakhouse off of the road.  Nice interior and the staff was pleasant
Love the prepared food section here!! This location only gets 4 stars from me though as it's smaller than the other one at Strawberry Hill.  I really wish we had one of the BIG Fresh Markets!The prices can be a little steep on the produce but you know you are getting a really good selection. The frozen food section has a few really good finds that you can't get anywhere else. My favorite thing though is the prepared food section, it has so many yummy good things that are VERY well priced. The bakery is dangerous as well!! Another tip they have an amazing candy selection that is great for stocking stuffers and easter baskets!!
Loved the atmosphere and food while I was there. The brunch menu was nicely laid out. Was there with some Ladies for brunch. Loved it. The service was nice as well.
Amazing sushi and hibachi! The atmosphere is great! Staff is very friendly and provides exceptional service! Best restaurant in the city for birthdays, celebrations, or a fun night out!
Dinner from the menu is leaps and bounds better than the buffet at lunch. Otherwise pretty good Indian food. Love the staple Indian dish, chicken tikka masala. The naan is great too.The staff James good. They're very attentive and the restaurant decor is great. Indian restaurants are known for their lunch buffet. I enjoyed dinner at BG but the restaraunt's buffet wasn't great so I couldn't give it 5 stars. I actually debated giving it 3, but ordering from the menu will result in a great experience, so I will go with a 4. Also, while the atmosphere is definitely kid friendly, almost all of the buffet options are fairly spicy, too spicy for almost all kids. I love spicy food so I enjoyed it and it wasn't overwhelmingly spicy for me and wouldn't be for most adults. Again, when you order from the menu, this is not an issue. Cooper on East Blvd is a great Indian cuisine option.
Good food by menu but buffet is just worthless. My fav is fish pakora and tandoori chicken here worth spending money
First time going and I loved it! Will go again soon. Only complaint was they got our duck orders on medium heat when they were supposed to be mild. But I still liked it
Nice service and relaxing atmosphere. Food and drinks are very good, and they have daily happy hours deals.
All time favorite Japanese restaurant. Hibachi shrimp is my fav... Fried rice is the best ... Never disappoints
My favorite Japanese restaurant, for sure!! Fun experience and tasty food! Great for groups-- birthday parties, girls night out, etc.
Friday night. Got a table quick. Service was good. Apps not so good. Main course was good.
Pasta over priced. Pizza not the best. Service was subpar. Wouldn't recommend. Nice to sit outside and listen to wine vault live music on weekends.
I had to replace a tire with a slow leak.  I was in and out in 20 mins.  I've been here a couple times now and wouldn't hesitate in coming back again if the need arises.  Nice staff.
Make sure you're ready for NASCAR! This Hotel is as close as you may want to be from The Charlotte Motor Speedway. Get your Motor running. The staff and management are on a roll.
Nicely appointed standard Holiday Inn.  Close to UNCC.  Breakfast buffet was well stocked and clean.  Nice bar in lobby.  Lots of parking.
Quick cheap food a great eating place if your vegan or vegetarian! Customer service is great and their open super late up to 4am on most days.
Nothing special about this Kohl's.  I would write more but what is there to say?Clean store, nice greeting when you enter.  The return policy is excellent.
Excellent service! Friendly staff! Great food and cheap beer! Breakfast and lunch specials. Definitely would recommend this place to eat at.
Great food but amazing service!  We had 2 of the specials!  Yum stuffed steak with cheese?  Yes please!  But I still can't get passed how friendly the entire staff was!  Thank you!
Spirit filled church; outstanding music.  The easiest (and not anywhere close to the whole story) description would be "Pentacostal Lite".  You're not going to see snakes or much in the way of speaking in tongues but if you are interested in a Church where Jesus is the center focus and worship is an active experience then this is the place for you.  Our family took a long time getting to visit here, but after going to many of the placid, dried up services at other places, we found this to be home.  Loran Livingston is Senior Pastor and gifted teacher/speaker/minister.  The choir and musicians are world class and passionate performers.
Our favorite pizza and a great family ownership and atmosphere.  We have a tradition on Friday night we go and pick Julianas Pizza up and the kids as well as mom and dad eat it all!  Also they have homemade coconut cream pie and brownies that are second to none!
Always great food and good service. Best find ever!!! The food is fresh and have all the favorites on the menu. The even decorated it for Christmas.
Lots of trash on all the trails. Much better woodland experiences in the area.It is a huge park.  There are pretty cool little lake front picnic tables and grills.  Plus, you can camp there.  Other than that, I wasn't impressed.  Ever trail I went hiking on had trash on the trails.  A few had tree's blocking the trails as well.  It just seems like its not mantained.
Excellent affordable vet. They have taken excellent care of both my dogs. They are great about explaining options and providing care.
Rude & cash only?!? No. She didn't say it was only cash & after waiting 15 minutes... Just no.
Great place to spend a spring day. The managers were so much fun and made great recommendations. I had the Better Batter Cake Carnival. Pure deliciousness.
Nice night for a ride across the border but sadly that place just sucks. I was better when it was the Hungry Fisherman like 25 years ago.
Great atmosphere and location, but the food is sad, just sad. Won't be coming back. It's fine if you want to enjoy a few beers by the water, but don't come hungry.
The best customer service!!! Superfamily check out. Great selection. Gas prices are average for the area.
Just what you expect from Pizza Hut - no suck. Same pizza you had before. Makin' it great. Embrace the noid. Tell papa John to suck shit through fresh ingredients. It's like McDonalds, are you expecting a prize?
All you can eat fish fry for $11.75! Of course Friday night. NICE Um yeah... lots of seating, TV's and Fish fry? you CANNOT beat it... This place is great! (Bit of a drive from downtown madison) but isnt that what Yelp is all about? Seriously, cheap food, cheap drinks. And PLENTY of it... plus this place has been around for quite a while! (longer than people might think)
Free tacos for packer games!  free touchdown shots!  great prices calm atmosphere
these guys are super friendly. the food was made perfectly! mushroom and Swiss.yumthey play nice music and its very clean
The Big Daddy Burger is simply the best burger around. Period. Very laid back, casual place. With other places competing with each other who is "cooler"...Village Green just is without trying. An American and Wisconsin classic. Hope this place sticks around forever.
Meh... short review for posterity sake... bland burgers make me sad.wont be going back... unless its my birthday... then its free right?
Best traditional pizza in Sun Praire! Always hot and mmm mmm good! 5 stars! I would give more stars but there are only 5 allowed. Seriously, it is an old school pizza style that is hard to find these days. The best!
Soft grassland for parking.  Wear good walking shoes and check out all the external non-racing events here.  I've been to quite a few and Angell Parkway has a great outside venue set up.
I love the root beer ! Service and atmosphere was cafeteria-like, food was average. Chicken strips and cheese curds were good.
Loved the root beer floats, the manager /owner really gave good customer service. They were very busy at lunch time and he every where making sure everyone had a good experience
This place is awesome! The coffee is fantastic. The staff is super friendly, they have comfy seating, plenty of room and free wi-fi. You're made to feel comfortable like it's your neighborhood cafe even if you're a first timer.The service is wonderful here. I plan to keep coming back any time I'm in the area, I wish they had a better location, though.It's the perfect place to wait and enjoy some R&R if you're picking someone up from the airport and really it's just a fantastic little place all together.
This is probably the best JCPenney in Madison. Great help from Tracy and Heather tonight from jewelry department. they have a lot of great products!
Great service, great food. Fix your wifi for 5 stars.Can't really go wrong with grabbing a bite here, clean place and quick service.
Very yummy tortillas and the margaritas  are perfect... very friendly staff... I love the 2 for 1 Thursday margaritas
Always very good and the price is right!  The staff are friendly. The place is clean. The portions are huge and flavorful. They have a tv and it's never crowded.
Always on time, great service, clean green cars, and they are a co-op! I only use Union Cab, and have never been disappointed. They are super flexible, and I can order cabs online and on my phone.
Best food ever. Spicy yam soup great!! Can't wait to come back to try the Other entrees!
This place is awesome!  Come in the morning, Donovan is the best server ever.  The pancakes are great.  The corned beef hash is even better.  I've also had the sweet potato hash, donuts, French toast and they were all great.
Great hotel. Clean big rooms and a big bathroom. Free wifi. Right across the street from a gas station and fast food. We didn't get in but saw the pool which looked a good size. There was a gym and a office center.
Great fun, great food & family-friendly activities & prices! They give job opportunities to teens and people with disabilities. The baseball season is short, so make sure you get your tickets, esp when they have special events.
Beautiful oasis, lovely gardens, don't miss the butterflies!  Even on a hot day there are cool & shady benches strategically scattered.
A few of us hit Smoky Jon's for lunch today.  It was insisted that it's the best BBQ in Madison, so I was game to try it.The place has character - you order at a window and go take a seat.  They bring the food out to you.  Nothing fancy - paper plates, styrofoam cups, etc.I got a chopped smoked pork sandwich with coleslaw and french fries.  I snarfed a fry to start.  Not very hot... "warm", I'd say. But tasty - salty.  Could have been better if fresh, but they'll do.  The coleslaw was the creamiest I've ever had.  The flavor wasn't strong, but it was okay.  Could have used a little salt and pepper - neither to be found.  The pork was tasty - definitely smokey.  The side of sauce made it, however.  Sweet, tangy, spicy.  While I was eating it, I thought "yeah, it's okay - but I wouldn't rave about it".  Later, however, thinking back on the meal, I thought, "you know, that was REALLY good!"While it doesn't best the BBQ I've had in Memphis, it certainly cuts itself from the same cloth. I'd have it again.  I think my meal was around $9 (no drink - had a water).  I was full, and content.  Mission accomplished!My coworker had some ribs, and they looked very good - not too fatty, cooked well.  I would like to go back and try them sometime!Tip:  Limited seating, so show up early (or late!)
Best barbecue in all of Madison, WI! The brisket is better than Texas. The sauce is legendary and the ribs make me cry from joy.
i'm back! damn good bbq!! I'm glad I was able to get my boyfriend to come with this time around. I'm always talking about this place everywhere I go.
Cool for watching planes especially with kids!  Solid breakfast and great atmosphere.
For tax levys, late paperwork, and apologies after the fact, come to Sorge!  We had every penny in our accounts levied by the state because Sorge didn't do what they agreed to do in a timely manner.  In fact, they never did it at all, just "forgot about it!"  Wife is 8 months pregnant and ALL of our money (thousands) we saved for the baby coming is gone!
Great selection of fun stuff!  We stopped by on our way to Chicago and it was a perfect break in the trip to stretch our legs and browse.
First impression: ohmygosh it smells so good!After that though, I wasn't very impressed. The food was good, but they were out of several options on the buffet, some of the foods were clearly not freshly prepared, and I didn't get the impression that cleanliness mattered much to them.We tried really  hard to like David's, but I can't give more than two stars.
Horrible service! Crappy food! We waited 45 min at our table before we even got any type of food.
Another great night at Toby's!  Excellent food and service!  We had shrimp and scallops tonight and I haven't had better anywhere.  We'll be back soon.
Great customer service. It makes all the difference.The car door is opened for me, I walk into the store and pay quickly, I'm handed a coupon for my next visit - and then I chill by the windows and watch my car get soaped up, rinsed, waxed, and dried. The guys open all the doors on my car and wipe down the dash, the doors, the windows, the console - they vacuum the seats and rinse the mats.  Suddenly the guy raises his hand signaling they are finished and I scoot to my car, hop into the driver's seat, and have my door closed for me. "Have a great day" is exchanged between us as he is closing the door.And I mean it.  I hope he does have a great day, he certainly contributed toward mine.
Ribes and sauce are good. But wasn't a big fan of the sides. The atmosphere was nice and a lot of seats available. Staff was okay.There was hair in the food. There was a review card which says staff is supposed to check on customers; didn't happen at all. Price was not counted correctly. They said there is a box for the opinion box, it wasn't here or not easily found. Don't think we'll come back :/
It was okay. A good massage but I wasn't impressed. It was a little hot in the room. I asked a deep tissue and got just a regular massage.
So good! The hostess mints are magical. That's all I want now and forever. Caramels and pecan clusters are also the jam. If you're in the mood for chocolate, don't think twice.
Great products! Organic foods and products at a reasonable price. Nice environment. I particularly like their fruits, vegetables, and bulk items.
The best breakfast place in CU. always had eggs Benedict. And they serve food fast. Sometimes I was craving for their French toast
Good breakfast overall. The food is usually very good and the service is excellent.  Whenever we go there the place is crowded yet we seen to get in quickly.
So when I asked the repair man how much it would cost since he believes the furnace needed a cleaning his response was $90 an hr ok so if he got here at 8:45 & finishes at 9:45 why did I get charges 1 1/2hrs when I asked about it I was told 20 minute travel time & time to fill out paperwork. This was not the first time they have been here but the first time I was charged for "drive time".  It's working but really $45 more. I called and said yep they do but will look into it. Yea right!   Well since this post the owner called & rectify the problem with a refund check of $45 to keep an ongoing customer. Guess yelp does work. But I'm glad that it was take. Seriously!
Free wireless, movies and books galore or just if you want to hang out. If you live in Champaign go and get your library card and put your tax dollars to good use. Other towns residents can also use the library with some restrictions. Local PBS shows films there from time to time and the library has programs for all ages. In summary, a place to go for everyone, rich or poor.
They always do a great job on my eyebrows! I never go anywhere else! Ask for Phien, she is the best! She is also very friendly!
The owner is cool, and they always have what I'm looking for! The deals are always on point!
Best chai latte in town, if not in the country ;D
Relaxed & laid back, this café is a nice place to stop for a drink & study. Pull up a chair to one of the rickety, wood tables, sip a chai latte & read a book out people watch. This place has been around for a long time & is always had a comfortable atmosphere. The drinks are good. Food is ok. Free WiFi. Drink & food specials on the chalkboard at the entrance of the café. Can be crowded at times.
Fantastic hand cut fries and gourmet burgers in downtown bar and grill atmosphere.  Worth the wait for a table. Great service.
Seeing how little went into my quesadilla, I'm not comfortable with paying over $7. At least use a mixed cheese blend!  And seeing how little effort went into making my quesadilla, I am really not impressed (you would think a labor charge is rolled into the price of food.)Maybe what distinguishes Qdoba are the burritos with their special combos, but I am nonplussed to try them again. Oh well.
Make sure to have the free Amazing breakfast! There is an omelet chef making you the omelet your way! FREE! i took back a star because i think the room is a little bit dated, they need to freshen up on their decor
Delicious pizza, fun atmosphere, good beer. Will be back again soon for sure! I recommend the prosciutto di parma pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza. Yummyyyy
Good food took a long time to get it but it was a full bus of men all had stake and most cooked there own . I didn't want to over cook mine so I paid the 2 bucks to have the pros do it . Aged beef great sales bar . A little $$$ but it was frantic cut of meet ..
The service is so slow it's ridiculous.  It can take 20-30 minutes for a cup.  It's an okay product but the service is unbearable.
Greatest ice cream ever. If you are within 300 miles of Urbana-Champaign, take an unforgettable detour to Jarling's. You can thank me after you have swooned on two large scoops of their vanilla "custard"  ice creams topped with pecans, bananas  and fudge
Best ice cream place in champaign. Grasshopper with cold fudge= best damn thing I've ever had
Pad Thai & Springs rolls are pretty tasty! I can't say I was blown away, but it was definitely good. I order one single Spring Roll, and I guess they accidentally made it a full order (4 Spring Rolls)... Well they went ahead and just gave them to me for the price of one. Pretty sweet! It's the little things...
Best Thai food in Arizona hands down! Every single thing is delicious! I had the beef panang, Dragon eggs, pad Thai, hot basil, and there sangrias are a great compliment! I can't wait till I can go there again!
Obsessed with this place. Hot pots are to die for and Panang is so delicious. The people that work there are dedicated and the alcoholic verve rages are delicious.
I was semi-hungry and was wandering around downtown Phoenix and found this Southwestern themed restaurant here in the mall. I figured since I'm here for a few days, that it would be nice to try something that is "Southwestern".Came here for lunch and it was relatively empty and I sat at the bar. Nice clean area, with a couple of tv's for the sports fanatics. The servers were pretty friendly too. Although some of the servers were super bored since there were not a lot of customers.Again, I wanted something Southwestern so I went with their Desert Fire Pasta. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?select=AykZwJA1xSgxLOBaWbWHOg It's basically shrimp and fresh mushrooms over angel-hair pasta in a jalapeño cream sauce. Topped with Parmesan cheese and pico de gallo. This pasta was pretty much soaked with butter. Is that a typical Southwestern thing? Because if so, I would feel light headed all the time if I lived here.And for dessert, I got their fried banana burrito with ice cream http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?select=PpE4HMvbpTU7mJdb19VlZA. Nice presentation actually. It's a great theme for a Southwestern style dessert.Tip: Use your yelp check in to get a free dessert.Overall, a decent experience, though just a bit fattening to me with all that cream and butter. Went to downtown a couple of times, and this place was desolate. I mean everywhere else as well. Not sure why, but it can be a good thing but you must also wonder why...oh well.
Great outdoor seating in the Arizona Center. They open at 11am and have a nice top shelf margarita selection.  You get a shaker full of drink so it's more like three drinks in one.  We all had soup and salads. It was a good lunch with  nice variety of flavors.  The chicken pablano chowder was really nice.  End of the meal comes with a little treat of white chocolate pecan in a tamale husk.  Yelp check in gets you a free dessert with entree. I didn't think the soup and salad would classify but our waitress was awesome and said she surely could do one dessert for our table of three. Great place for lunch. Plenty of seating. Starting filling up at noon.
"My vodka soda tastes like water. Lame." July 5th 2012Yeah, this place was pretty mediocre...which says a lot considering how uninteresting Phoenix is at night.The place was packed, the drinks were pricey, and the waitress made sure to let us know after we sat down that we had to go to the bar to order our drinks as she was off duty. And...my vodka soda tasted like water.
Best place in town. Friendly staff great service! Can't ask for more. We love this place we come here often and will continue to go. Hope to see you there!
My waiter was great and super attentive. I'm full and happy. I came in and right away I was greeted with a smile and I was seated promptly. I was able to order my drink right away, which gave me time to look at the menu. When she came back I was ready to order. My order came in a few minutes hot and delicious. It was my first time at this one, it's far from home but worth it.
The food is delish! But beware the salsa is hot hot hot just like the plates! Service was really good too! Prices seemed right on as well. I know we will be going back as it is a favorite foodery with the hubbies family!
Salsa suitable for the fully Sonoran-ized. Canadian Snowbirds beware! Great sinus medicine.Ric, our family artist kept insisting we eat at Comedor Guadalajara. That means Guadalajara, MX eatery. I lunched here many years ago when it was a good eatery with a bunch of tables on a bare slab in a big building. Things have changed. But not the food. It has always been excellent. In my opinion, the chips, salsa and some dishes of CG require the diner to work up to the spicy heat levels encountered. They are mid-range spicy, but always come to the table hot. Check the hours. I've been here twice with friends and family, and the place was closed. I'm a huevos rancheros fan for breakfast. Other family members enjoy tacos and enchiladas. Ric speaks highly of the menudo.
I've been coming here since the 70's - Best Mexican food in the valley!  The lines are long at times, but totally worth the wait.
This venue is awesome of breakfasts, luncheons, etc. the staff is awesome and always are so on top of things. The food is so delicious and there is always plenty of varieties to choose from. The price point is great!
Great hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.....got my fix for chinese food....been going here for years n still great place to eat.
Quick to be seated.  Good service.   Best food that I've had on this trip, but not so amazing that I have to come back.
Good food, but pricey. Suggest going to happy hour from 3-6 everyday. A decent sized meal will cost you $12-$17.
Bad service, worse food. I would not recommend this place. Do not get fish and chips, over fried on old oil. Totally not satisfied
Good, not great food, friendly staff, overpriced. Had the burger with brisket, and Mac and cheese, and a beer. Everything was competent, just not worth the $22. tab.
Slow. ... slow. .... so slow.  Even when no one else is here. 40 min and counting, I won't be returning I value my time.
Wow. Amazing service and quality. Wow wow wow wow wow wow amazing service. Unbeatable
Their Greek salad with chicken and chicken salad sandwich are amazing! The employees are always very sweet. I almost hate how much I love this place!!
Great lunch place! Very friendly employees and excellent service. Perfect choice if you're in a hurry or short on time but still want something healthy.
The rice bowls are a yummy quick lunch!I have never eaten the sushi here because I am super, mega picky about sushi. Raw fish is serious people!I go in here on my half hour lunch break to grab a steamy hot bowl of chicken curry about once a month. Its not Japanese curry like I was used to eating for the majority of my preggers days, but it will do. Of course I no longer live in Japan either... The chicken is tender the curry is savory, and the rice is well cooked and not dry. You can get hot sauce on the side to spice to your liking. It has a lot of potatos in it, that might be the only thing I don't like about this curry. I miss Japan... I would even settle for Curry House Coco Ichibanya if there was one here. Okay my mouth is watering which means its time to go!Oh my Naughty Nielly always orders the chicken teryaki bowl and that is pretty good too. Xx,Reese
$4 awesome bloody marys on weekends! And $4 bud drafts too. Tons of food, so do your health a favor and split a meal with someone else.Cooper donates a lot back to our community. A friend of mine from college received a scholarship to Grand Canyon University funded by Alice Cooper. Support local! :)
Ask for your AAA/AARP discount BEFORE you give them your credit card. They will not ask you and they will not reimburse the same day of the transaction! The clerk asked the mgr in the back office but he was too busy reading his newspaper to acknowledge us. Poor customer service!
I think Yvette has the right idea for an afternoon treat. The one problem is, I couldn't wait until Friday, I had to go today. It is the perfect afternoon distraction . . . er . . . um . . . I mean treat . . . perfect afternoon TREAT! There was a time that I was completely hooked on afternoon frozen yogurt and going almost daily. The winter weather helped break me of that addiction and now I'm back on what others would consider a "normal" schedule. I love that the flavors change every day and you can print a calendar from their website showing the schedule of flavors. There are about eight different flavors in any given day, and one of them is a "No Sugar Added" flavor. The OCD side of me really shines when a new month starts. I print the calendar, take out my highlighter, highlight all of my favorite flavors and those of my fro-yo addicted coworkers, and hang the calendar outside my cube wall. That way it is much easier for us to tell when we need to work time into our schedule to hit the yogurt shop. The flavors that are typically highlighted are: - Chocolate Covered Banana & Marshmallow (served on the same day, really good as a swirl) - Pistachio (really good with almonds as a topping, I tried getting pistachios as a topping and it was a little much) - Butterscotch (reminds me of pudding cups back in the day) - German Chocolate & Caramel Custard (also served on the same day and very good as a swirl) - Irish Cream & Kahlua (not served on the same day, but the closest thing to drinking at work) - S'mores (delicious with a graham cracker topping) - And every once in a while I like the Reese's with (you know it) Reese's as a topping!! See, with so many delicious flavors, it was hard NOT to go everyday. They have plenty of other flavors as well. The only one that I tried that I was not a fan of was the Root Beer Float. The flavor was there, but it wasn't the same without the soda! Either way, stop by in the afternoon for a sweet treat, and maybe I'll see you there!
I've noticed some of the reviews say best for older children but i've been taking my son since before he could walk and absolutely love it! He has the greatest time. Even though he doesn't quite understand the science behind everything, he loves running around and pressing all the buttons. The weather machine is his favorite. During the warmer months he loves playing in the ball fountain. We started going here after getting a free cultural pass at the library and loved it so much we ended up getting a membership. It is definitely worth it to get a membership. We go a few times a month and it never gets old. You can find discounts on memberships on living social before the holidays. We've gotten our memberships for 50-30% off over the past two years. If you have a toddler best time to come is when school is in session and after 1pm. This place gets packed with school groups in the mornings.
Fucking delicious!!!!!! Ask for a large margarita. Best service. Salsa is spicy but amazing. Got sat right away. Everything was great. I will be beck for sure.
This place is always amazing best Mexican food Phoenix!  Homemade everything!  Chips are cooked fresh and are hot and crispy - both red and green salsa.  Absolutely delish!!  Micheladas - authentic homemade Mexican food and awesome drinks and friendly family environment!!
I like it but rather get a room at Roomster  when I really need too...http://bit.ly/1OpalAO
Foods great!! Try the burrito al pastor with green enchilada sauce!!! Atmosphere is OK but its what you would expect from traditional Mexican food place. Would defiantly go back
Great food, great people. Highly recommended for  community oriented, easy going individuals who also enjoy good a Americana meal.
Hurricane is  a must and big joe is amazing!! Staff is very pleasant too great ambiance overall
Best ginger beer in town!!! Food is all incredible.  Try the whole menu. Always fun to sit inside.  Hurricanes are delicious and I vote it best place to be on new year's eve!
I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!! He sits down and really listens to you and cares about each person! He sees a lot of cousins and my sister in law as well and we all LOVE him!
So awesome and amazing! Really helpful staff. I love the the tortillas they make themselves there.
Good food! But they keep getting the orders wrong! Went there twice! Shame! Ordered a meal and it was without fries! Ordered a nerds slush drink and recieved a slush drink without nerds! Get the order right and I'll change the stars!
THE SODAS ARE AWESOME!!! But not the Mac Chili Burger. Not tasty at all. Nope. But the sodas are great and ice cream is great. Thrifty brand if you are familiar with that brand (Rite-Aid). I had the "Rhett Butler," chocolate soda with Chocolate Malt Krunch ice cream. Yum!Really, the "Mac Chili Burger" left a LOT to be desired. The meat was dry and tough, the "Hawaiian Cole Slaw" was rather tasteless. The "chili" was made out of black beans. I like black beans. Not these. This was no chili. It was a very dry chili. I had three bites of this meal and I was done.My daughter had the "Mac Hot Dog." It was OK. Not spectacular. She said the bun tasted "funny" or "different." $4.95. My wife had a salad. My son and his wife had the "Mac Cheese Burger." He enjoyed it.So...FOOD 2 StarsAnd no french frys to be seen on the menu. This is a soda fountain. You would think.AMBIANCE 5 Stars!!!This place is incredible. He has a huge store with lots of collectables from different eras, mostly from the 50s. Antique furniture. Antique and collectable clothes. Displays with old products. So cool. A real 45 rpm jukebox. You really need to see the soda fountain and the booths. I don't know where he got them, but the booths are wood and--how do I describe this--have this classy wood attachment/facade to the wall. Interesting stuff all around.ICE CREAM TREATS 5 Stars!!!Already described the ice cream and the sodas. He has a gizillion flavors of sodas and has some menu items of ready-to-go combinations. But you can create your own with your own soda flavorings and your own ice cream flavors. The possibilities are endless.Overall, you need to experience this.
Yum! Try one of everything! So so good! Their burgers are delicious,  yummy potato salad.  Their vintage shop is amazing! Fair prices. Customer service is super friendly. I live in san diego California and drive out to Phoenix just for this gem.
Vintage! It feels like your in prohibition era Chicago. Definitely come for the experience and Soda made in house.
Becoming our favorite place. The ice cream is "awesome" according to our kids! A must visit
It's a nice, neighborhood dive.   Stiff drinks,  real people.   My kinda place.Pool,  darts and an active jukebox.   Clara is an  awesome bartender.
Best green burritos.  Love their beams and rice also. This is a takeout.  Cash only ta o's are also good it is worth the drive .Place has been around for 40 years  try them
The burro with green sauce and rice & beans is amazing.  Ive been coming here for the last 10 years+
This is Phoenix's best Green Burrito.It's just the BEST. Iv come here since I was a kid and one thing I know (and something you will also learn if your new) the line is almost always out that slamming door
Great authentic sea food. Need to try it once. Won't be disappointed. Recommend the 7 seas cocktail and shrimp fajitas.
My first International Supper Club!I think we overwhelmed the kitchen - everything was just a bit off.Granted - it's not a huge restaurant - and I think having a group of 20 something people arrive and order at once would throw any small, independent restaurant off. Service was as friendly as could be - but it is difficult for 2 servers to handle 20 hungry and thirsty patrons. Arrival of dinners was poorly spaced - by the time the last person got her plate, the first people were done. Sides and tortillas came very late. The food itself was somewhere between decent and good. I have no complaints, but wasn't really wowed by anything I tried.I can see the diamond in the rough quality here - and I have friends that love it - so I will be back with just a small group (4 tops) to see what a "normal" dinner is like.
Very good food. Very good atmosphere!!! We will definitely come back!!! The tostadas and the fried fish were excellent. The fish was very moisture.
Awesome and authentic a must-visit. Mariachi band was on point. Get the house special with diablo sauce.
I have been to this restaurant countless times. Love it.The shrimp a la plancha is so Good. Im addicted.
Awesome food, ceviche, shrimp cocktail everything! Sometimes they are crowded and super busy but bring you out a free ceviche tostada to hold you over. Great Place
Botanical gardens is a beautiful place to enjoy nature of the desert. We had a drink at the built in restaurant - I think it's called Gertrude's and it was a nice break to a hectic week
Nice place. Food was pretty good. Great service. Very respectful. Be careful if you are not used to eat spicy food.
A little bit of a dive bar but I come here primarily to shoot pool. A little rough around the edges but supporters of O-sports (Ohio State and Oregon) hang out here so it feels like home in some ways.
Great food and a good family atmosphere. Too bad they don't open on Sundays. I would imagine that Sundays could be one the most profitable days so I don't understand the concept behind it.
Great food, typically nice BBQ style eatery.  Front counter guy was very nice & informative
Great zoo!! Loved feeding the giraffes! It's small and intimate. The habitats are beautiful and the animals all look so well cared for.
Like Taco Bell, but not as fancy. Thirty-nine cent tacos apparently don't provide enough income for decor.
Its alright.....................................................................................................................
First time here during my vacation here! Looking for authentic Chinese food, read reviews about this place, sounds very authentic. Good food and services. Didn't wait long for food! :)
Good place.  Friendly staff.  It has a nice little bar with a few TV's to watch the game, which is a lot to ask in Midtown Phoenix. :)
Keep an eye on the register...I don't shop here often but when I do, they ALWAYS over charge me!  As if their prices weren't high enough to begin with!
My favorite go to for lunch.  Their salad bar beats any AJs salad bar out there.  Always clean and friendly.
The soup is yummers today!  Absolutely fabulous!  I do wish they would offer a soup and sandwich option, though.
Pane has delicious fresh pressed olive oil. Love the food and friendly service, love the pizzas and sandwiches. Love the deserts too, made by his mom. We go to Pane Bianco for most of our special occasions and highly recommend this restaurant
Great service and friendly staff.  I had the tuna salad and the tuna was albacora fresh and the greens were the good kind and not just iceburg. I would recomend this place.
There food is really good! Affordable and great food! We live right behind the pub and just walk right over!! Great service and probably one of the best Fish and chips!! Also their shepherds pie is pretty good!
Best chicken tenders you'll ever have!!Somewhat of a hole in the wall bar but located on central.
Adrienne put some bright back in my hair and it turned out great! Thank you! She was friendly and fast much appreciated! I will be coming back.
You are a bank and don't even carry $2000 . How is that even possible . I stood in line 25 minutes just to be told you were out of money .
I went there on Friday night late -  bartender was super nice. He said he was new and from outta town. Usually I'm not a fan of corporations but this bartender was really cool. I've been here a couple times and the food isn't good and the draft beer is almost always flat.
When here for lunch great food and very friendly staff :)...gave us free egg rolls,cheese wontons & a soda...I it's the small things that really count! Thanks for the great service and food!!!
Come hungry. I'm looking forward to working my way through the menu :)
CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down. Closed, closed, Closed, closed, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes.!
Great food, beer, friendly service. Love their bread pudding :). Definitely check 'em out! We come down as often as we can ... it's our fav hang out :)
Great Porter selection for the beer drinker who has taste. Great food as well. Excellent for happy hours too!
Love sally she does great work. Make sure you make an appointment because the wait can be long
Best place we had lunch and service in a long time. Keep up the Great work Patrick                                          Thanks
Consistently good. Every. Single. Time. We've been to several locations and have never been disappointed.
My favorite  noodle-arium.  I'm long, long overdue to write something on Cherry Blossom, (and could have sworn I had at some point) perhaps my single favorite restaurant in the area.  In dozens of visits, determinedly working my way up and down the noodles from pan-Asian to Italian, I have never been disappointed with a meal at Cherry Blossom, with the exception of a single mackerel dish which I found not as tasty as other dishes and which also left me hungry - something never done before or since at CBNC.     Last meal was Yakiniku, a "Korean style thin sliced beef dish with vegetables served on an iron skillet."  Moderately spicy hot, delicious, and $11.  It's billed as a rice dish - if only the brown rice had come out before the end of the meal.  Friend Norm ordered an appetizer with his meal - which he reported was really good - if only it had come out before end of the meal - They were apologetic and didn't charge for the late arrival, but still . . . it's the kind of thing that happens frequently enough to keep me from giving that 5th star that the food itself has generally consistently deserved over the several years I've been enthusiastically dining there.Other great dishes: the thin sliced NY Steak with shitake mushroom sauce - tongue-burning sodium overload but the meat is a thing of beauty. Perhaps next time I'll try it with the sesame mustard sauce instead.  Don't think you like eel? Try theirs' - After a long ago year in China with a lot of rubbery eel and sea cukes that we referred to as "bicycle handgrips", I never thought I'd have a taste for eel (and I'm still not too confident about the sea cukes), but this is wonderfully prepared and absolutely delicious. Mark the Ika Yakisoba with calamari and vegetables on your list to try as well as the Korean Spicy beef and all the Asian noodle dishes. My housemate loves the Mixed Tempura dinner, though I find it a tad bland compared to my favorites.  Want something a little lighter but still filling, delicious, and out of the ordinary, try the Unagi salad with grilled freshwater eel and ginger dressing and most definitely the shrimp salad, a generous quantity of mixed greens with mango chutney  dressing on a large plate completely ringed by broiled (or fried?) shrimp with a mayonnaise dressing - It's a salad you'll want to remember to order again.  Skip to the Italian side of the noodle kingdom for a dozen (+1) delicious dishes ranging from the satisfying Marsala Chicken with Spinach Pasta in a rich, but not nauseatingly so, white cream sauce, to the Cajun Shrimp with Smoked Mozzarella, to a simple and also delicious Spaghetti Bolognese.  I can equally vouch for the Little Neck Clam in white wine  or marinara, among many other excellent offerings.  It's a small restaurant, frequently with waiting line for seating on weekend evenings, but the wait has rarely been long - and it's well worth it.  Go when you have time to relax and perhaps be a little patient.  Your drink glass may be dry for a while before anyone notices, or has time to, and the service, always courteous, can otherwise be a little erratic, but the food is so worth it!.  Most entrees range from $9-12 and there's few among the extensive offerings above $14. Note that weekday lunchtime can be packed and hectic, and though the staff is literally running, it can take a while to get one's check and change.  Vaya con paciencia.
Come with time... it takes a while if you are here for the lunch time crowd.the food is okay.  a little pricey for what you get.
The food here is awesome and very flavorful!If you are looking for a wide selection of Japanese food that is fresh and delicious, look no further!
Great food, not so great service. Hakata noodles are delicious. Small restaurant, but worth a try.
I was pleasantly surprised by how nice and helpful they were. I had a difficult problem and they help me solve it over several days and several visits. Thank you again!
Great food, made to order with many choices. Love this central PHX favorite. Hate that it makes you add extra text to post. This is a great little place clean and yummy.
Good place for teriaki chicken and California rolls, fast service, pleasant environment. I have been coming here since the '80's.
Best corned beef in Arizona hands Down the sandwiches are big enough to share.  The place is what a typical deli should be and trust me I know delis. They have everything you can imagine on the menu.  The pictures on the wall are priceless and look like they have been there 30+ years.
Great pizza. Wings are good the breadsticks are super great.     Service is quick and really nice people their.  The owner is funny
Used EAT24 take out. Great pizza. Wings are good.  We'll worth it. I will be using them over the hut in the future
Love this spot! They have the best vegan pizza. I am hooked! My husband had the regular pizza and he really liked his as well!
Worst wool selection I have EVER seen.Saw associates chatting with each other and with friends more than I saw one look to help a customer.  Asked for help and got a woman who was willing to help but didn't understand what I meant by "wool" and took me to what she thought was wool.At least she tried.  Her effort gave the place two stars instead of one.With a store that's such a mess, the associates should be all over trying to help out customers.  Because all I did was walk in, look confused, ask a question, and leave.  Customer service counts.P.S. I feel like the Tempe location takes pride in their organization and the women that work there have been working there FOREVER!  It's like seeing old friends every time. :)
Had some great breakfast service. Spacious. Good pricing. Clean.
The rudest bartender in Phoenix! Will not be back!  Went for Monday night football and he didn't have the sound on because he was too busy.  What? It's a "sports bar" what a jerk
Oh so Yummy! Letter E lunch special!  I've been going to Al's for YEARS now.  They have some of the BEST Tex-Mex food anywhere!  Their chicken has *ALWAYS* been very moist and tasty.  I highly recommend trying them out!
YUM!  A definite thumbs up and will be back !  :) Very friendly and attentive staff! We will definitely be back. Chicken fried steak huge cook well, smashed skins on taters, yum.  A definite recommend.
Great service, great price!!! I love this place!! Hidden treasure!! The prime rib sandwich was the best I ever had!!! The biscuits and gravy was the best and greatest taste!! I love the fun, friendly atmosphere!!!
Hair in the food, not mine. Ewwwwwwww disgusting. Do not recommend.How does this have 4 stars on yelp? Lol
Amazing place!!! The most friendly place in Arizona without a doubt! Everyone is extremely nice and food is fantastic!
Be prepared to sleep...to sleep deep...and sleep well...and hard.
Good place for breakfast and nostalgia   Good servers and Sylvia /Autumn. Old diner feel but pretty good food.
A groovy experience. Friendly staff and retro atmosphere. A treat.I would recommend sitting close to a jukebox. I paid for a song and after our entire dining experience, right before I left, it came on. Thanks 5
This place is great... Love the food and service!! I have been here quite a few times and every time is delicious!
Good food & nice people. Pretty good selection & variety as far as menu. I've also been told that it is quite authentic. Although, it is a bit on the expensive side.
Expensive but amazing food! The portions were small so those who shared a dish didn't get a decent size meal like you would at other places.
great food!!! amazing service! This is a really authentic Mexican food restaurant it has really good micheladas and their food is also very tasty and fresh ingredients you can taste.
The eggplant bites are amazing!  Everything we tried on our first visit was top notch and very reasonable. I am so impressed with/obsessed with their buttermilk pie that I found a recipe online and baked one at home.  Pales in comparison to theirs!  We'll definitely be back soon!
On west side of street. Turn in 1 st entrance.  It is a one way driveway in front of the building. If u turn in 2nd entrance there is no way to get back around. Macha stuffed green chile tacos! OMG...  Hummus plate is the best!  BBQ ribs pretty tasty... skewers are not bad either...  GC tacos and Hummus are my picks!  Had these things on  happy hour...  nice place, good service, good food!
Very nice customer service. My son is very exciting to wait his new season benefit. It's spent his one hour to get the code. I can imagine how patient they are.
The staff here is great and normally make my drinks perfectly. As everyone else has stated, the parking and drive through are a mess. Getting in and out requires another level of patience. But if you go during off peak hours you can typically get in and out pretty quickly. Overall it's one of the better Starbucks I've been to.Skinny caramel machiatto is the best!
Great staff. Super friendly. Ordered a caramel frapp. Tasted good. Kudos for spelling my name right. Location is very big and super clean inside. Outside seating area is there for those willing to melt outside. Can't forget about the free wifi
Bad restaurant.... Never come againFood was very bad... Don't come hereWe came from California and owner was so rude
Hidden gem! I found an awesome family owned and operated spot! Great staff on top of  the Awesome service! Great prices! I'll be back!
Awesome customer service! I had my wife's grandfathers ring repaired here and it was a job well done.  The ladies who helped me were over-the-top nice and even offered me a COLD bottled water as I waited for another quick fix.  I would reccomend this place for all jewelery repairs.  Great service and very fair pricing.
Be very specific up front if you need the interior glass cleaned and dashboard dusted. I've unfortunately driven away and not had a decent clean inside of the car. Nice staff and hard workers! Be sure to tip the guys up front vacuuming and not just on the tail end... Think about it: which do you think is harder !? lol
Best Italian sub I ever had in my life. Delicious doesn't begin to describe it!Homemade bread with awesome chew and mouthfeel. Spicy capocollo ham. Dressing made inhouse - great pepperoncini heat. Owners are very friendly. I will be coming back here for sure.
Be sure to get a reservation:Nothing here was as shiny as the build up to the place. This is a trendy spot, and like so many trendy places, the flash in the pan goes away with the crowd to the next trendy place. Let's start with the name, our waitress explained that Rokerij is a word that the Swiss use for smoke house. There is virtually nothing on this restaurants menu that has anything to do with a Swedish Smoke House. Please be warned... NOTHING TO DO WITH SMOKE HOUSE COOKING!The menu blends the food from Richardson's (New Mexican cusine) which adjoins this place with a spiced version of American Classics.OK here is the blow by blow...It is my Daughters birthday dinner, she asked if we could have it at the Rokerij as she and her sister had tried to get in on a Friday or Saturday and the wait was about 3 hours. She was excited that this would be something special. It's Monday and the 5 of us arrive in stages. Jo and I were first, the parking seems to be shared with Richardson's it appears to be limited and Valet only.... It says complimentary, however it is just rude not to tip a valet.  The valet took the car and pointed us to the outer stairs to the lower level. This is a bar and it was full of puppy yuppies... OK it is a lame reference back in time but it fits.We asked about the reservation that my daughter placed, they pointed us back up and around an interior staircase. Up above we were met by the young gal at reception and again we asked about the reservation that they looked up and did not find. There were plenty of empty tables so they did seat us right away. Good for starters... ***Here is another tip Monday nights many of the bottles of wine on the list are half priced*** We ordered a Malbec it was passable. If I was paying the full $30 for the bottle it would have been disappointing.My birthday girl arrived so we ordered the Mushroom Toast appetizer, it was not bad or outstanding in anyway. But good drink and conversation was the key to the moment. My youngest soon arrived and the decisions as to what to eat began in earnest. One steak, two salads, the creme brulee, and relleno platter with one beef and one pork...Did I mention that the menu was printed on place-mats? That there are no smoke house items on the menu... That the menu has Schnitzel, Mexican, Duck with Orange Chipolte, and a miss mash of other cuisines... I think the Chef or Mr Richardson lost track of what they were trying to do. You can see the menu online, but I for one can't figure out what the essence of this place is. I am so sorry that the expectation was so much more than the meal. I really don't like to dis an establishment. It is a beautiful location in the place that Timothy's Jazz Club was once. But nothing came out that was exceptional except the creme brulee. The rest was simply not great. Not worth the cost... and you will not be sorry if you take a pass on this place.One last sorry note, the waitress knew that it was my Daughter's birthday and did absolutely nothing to acknowledge that. No dessert... no nothing... If you are reading this Mr Richardson... you should be ashamed...
Phenomenal food and atmosphere....one of my favorite places.  Parking is a hassle, but well worth it
Some of the best Italian food around! Don't miss it. Food is great and staff is wonderful.
Great food, wonderful restaurant.  Need to go! Must try!  Had the Black Garlic Shrimp and Sausage.
Kelley is AMAZING!! I have loved every color and cut I have gotten from her. She always listens to exactly what I want and has great suggestions when I need them! They also validate your parking.
Aaron is great at mixing great drinks. Pear blossom is great. Good mix of music and people. There is a lounge area as well
Apple n greens is pretty darn tasty. Always good.  Love the consistent results and customer service.  I'm fan.
Love this place . good healthy food. Great service great drinks. This is very clean too.
I don't know how anyone could ever give this amazing place less than 5 Stars.  I had the New Yorker on an onion roll and potato pancakes.  I haven't been here for years because I live so far away but it is just as amazing as ever.  The pastrami was stacked high and the sweetness of the coleslaw and Thousand Island mixed with the fresh roll is absolute perfection.  The potato pancake was crispy on the outside and full of flavor!  The Restaurant is set up cafeteria style and they keep you moving.  The service and hospitality are quick and top notch.
Had the stuffed cabbage. delicious!!!!!!! Side of veggies and water. Will definitely be back.
Very good rib eye good service and valet parking. What more can you ask for: )Now would I go here on a regular basis probably not but it's nice once in awhile to enjoy.
Sad to see it go. Closing Monday and being replaced by a parking garage
Susie was great and she was so accommodating! We are going to come here all the time! We loved it here
Love this store...can't get enough of it. I have been going to Trader Joe's for years. This store always makes me happy. From great recepies idea to great selections of groceries. Staff is really friendly as well. Thumbs up Trader Joe on Camelback Rd!
The wait staff was excellent. They accommodated special requests beautifully. The Greek Salad was excellent, and the Portobello Pita was outstanding.
What IHOP should be. Good pancakes. Skip the biscuits and gravy, though. Update after subsequent visits: Their Californian burger hits the spot as well.
Just a nice place to come and have a causal Saturday breakfast. Nothing fancy. Just good food. Comes out super hot, comes out fast, and you will always leave full. Jeremy has been our server three times and is always top notch. A great place to go if you want to quick breakfast for under $15. Try it you'll like it!
In the mood for comfort food...I was disappointed.  The grilled cheese was flimsy, and I couldn't eat the soup.  I forget why.  I thought it was way over-priced for what it was.  I won't be going back there ever again.
Best prices on town! Great food Great service! I love coming here with my family. If you are new to this side of town this is sure the best place to eat.
Hector, who works in the bar area is the man! He deserved all of,our tip. I hope their management realizes what a good worker he is.
Great frames. Nice store to visit if you want the highest quality glasses. I will continue shopping here for a long time to come.
One of my fav restaurants of all time. I dare you to find better food & better service somewhere. Try the off-menu chicken tenders.
Amazing sushi. Great ambiance and great outdoor space.  Would definitely come here again.
I ordered the lobster and hand crafted pasta...doesn't get any better than this!
Our second time back within a week. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about dietary restrictions. We had no problem eating Gluten-Free. Plus, all of the food was amazing. Light on the beer list but have an extensive wine selection (including recorked wine from the 1920's)! We will be back!
Excellent food and service with no wait time. The food was presented well and the taste was superb! The staff are very attentive and courteous. Ambiance reminds me of a French bistro ala Provençal.
My favorite french food- it's so good! Service is excellent- best desserts in town - my favorite birthday treat
This place takes hole in the wall to a whole new level. Tucked in BEHIND the petsmart. I am not a hockey nut by any stretch- but this is the IDEAL bar for anyone that is. The bar faces the glass behind the goalie- there are several flatscreens placed throughout the bar-All sporting a hockey game. LOT of beer options, a whole LOT. Very cool place.
Love this place so much. Always the friendliest people and an awesome bartender. My best drunken nights have occurred at this lovely little place. Ha
Not wheelchair accessible and no handicap parking spaces. Fail! We have contacted this business twice, beginning July 2014, and still no w/c parking.
Great customer service in a clean and welcoming location. Potato salad had to be one of my favorites.
Sabrina loves the mommy & me classes on Tues & Thursdays!!! Ms. Mila is great with the kids. With her warm and fun personality the kids always gravitate towards her!
Very nice, helpful employees. Clean, fast, friendly! Love this new Subway! Young lady who made our subs (meatball with pep & cold cut) was extremely friendly and helpful with a nice sense of humor, I believe her name was Caitlyn. This was the 2nd time we visited this new subway and we have yet to be disappointed. We will be back!
Great Salon! Ashley Grubbs does my hair and she is awesome!  Brittney for all skin care needs!  Really great place!
The best water ever!!!!!!!!! Plus when you go in there you are  like family . Denise is wonderful you get to see the dog and you just feel warm and loved .
Amazing Mothers Day brunch today! I can't say enough great things about our experience here today. The food was amazing, the staff was FIVE STAR and my wife couldn't be happier! Live music this morning during brunch was awesome. THANKS ROYAL PALMS!
Service great, white corn bisque & diver scallops were great. The roasted beet salad was great on the small side but tasty.
Best sandwich in town. Fresh baked bread and delish cookies! Great atmosphere and nice servers :)
I had the green chile burger here...HOLY YUMMMM!!!! Amazing! The service, staff, ambience, and food is ON POINT. Oh, and the coffee? That's amazing too!!
Worth the wait in line, store has tons of things to buy after eating.  Had hash that was added to menu and was great taste and perfect amount.
I'm a new senior. I love this store on 1st Tuesdays! Best prices and fresh meats, wide range of Snowbird necessities. Earn points for discount gas. It's great.
High quality laundry/drycleaning & great customer service. I love that they gave me a custom bag for 24/7 drop off service.
Thanks for the service, or lack thereof. Customer service sucked. Not one person offered to help, and yes, it was slow.
Nuthin better after a few fun games of bowling down the street than a good Chinese meal at my favorite Chinese restaurant!   LOL  By the way, make sure to try their Chinese vegetables--they're authentic and delicious!
Great!  Our favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  Staff is extremely courteous.  Try the jade chow mien and salt and pepper pork.
Fantastic experience. Andy and Ivan were exceptional!!! The operating hours of this location are one of a kind, thank you!!!!
Fantastic fast service - good food and service - good quick bite for lunch had a 2/3 burger the first visit - wonderful and the Italian beef - good (little heavy on the peppers)
Horrible customer service, would not go back. There's definitely a lot of other places that I would rather go to that have greater selection and prices.
Mark is a serious guru - thanks for all the help and great gardener recommendations!!!!  our Bonita Ash and Desert Willow are both thriving :)
Love the Phat ti. (Pad Tie)? That's how it sounds. :-PAmbient - Walls and decar are all pretty much thai inspired.  Red table cloths and golden accents all around.  Dim lighting, coozy, booths and tables.Service - They are for the most part very attentive and friendly.Food - LOVE LOVE their pad ti or is Phat tai, well how ever it is spelled.  IT is DELICIOUS.  We have tried other places and its just not the same.  This is the place for Pad Tie! :-P
Used Yelp to find some Thai food while i am in Phoenix for business. Fast good service and excellent food. Highly recommend it!!!
It would be VERY helpful if you would post your closures on your website instead of a piece of paper taped to the front door. Drove a long way for NOTHING. Not a great way to gain new customers. Doubt I will make the drive again.
I had such a friendly, helpful supportive experience today!They lent me a tire when I was in a pinch.
Better service this time around. Steve is a nice guy! They're open to our Saturday car needs last minute (oil change). Done within  an hour and some. Every other brake masters was full till the next week except these guys. I appreciate it.
Great atmosphere with good food service was good, lots of seating area.When you walk in you're faced with great lighting and an elevated seating area it was very enjoyable.
Always a fav for fast food!! I been going to various locations and this isn't anything more but easy fast and yummy!
No frills, no chit chat.  In and out w a cut!  Done and done.I've been coming here for years and when I come back into town, I'm sure to stop by for a quick cut.
Best homemade raviolis & veal Canneloni. We will definitely come here again. Thanks Trace for your awesome service
Good service. Good food. Good ppl. Panda always does the job  but no more panda. Health reasons
Good food and fair prices. I have never had a bad experience here. Servers are always friendly and attentive.
Always a family excellent restaurant. BEST food and drinks! Service is excellent and what time you do wait sure is worth it!
Good food. Relaxed atmosphere. Good drinks. Not much more required. The tables wobble a bit from the uneven tile floor. So there's that.....Chips and salsa
Came in at 7:35, still not open even though it should at seven. Really nothing else to say- everyone else hates it, too
Worse Mexican food I've ever had! Microwaved chips with cheese- AKA nachos. Horrible. They over charged me and forgot the 2nd sour cream enchilada which was actually good.
When I'm at MHT I am home. The priests are friendly and make themselves available to parishioners. The church is beautiful and peaceful. The adoration chapel is a huge blessing.
I had the best capicolla sandwich here! Best Italian sandwiches in Arizona. If you're also looking to shop for Italian groceries then this is the place to go.
This is about the best pizza in Phoenix. The crust is just crispy enough, the toppings are good and plentiful, the staff are friendly and helpful. Only the ambiance is a problem; it is crowded pizza joint decor and the tables are very close together. The prices are excellent given the quality. We do a Butcher's Special (meat lover) with added ricotta. It is as good a pizza as I've ever had. There is ample parking, but their few outdoor tables are on the sidewalk of that parking lot, so it's a mixed blessing. I usually have a side salad to make believe that I'm eating healthy. The ice tea is way better than most. We don't eat pizza often, but when we do, this is one of our favorite places. Highly recommend it.
Best subs in Arizona!! Get the Italian classic with habenaro mayo!! Omg! Sooo good! The service is awesome and fast! Pizza is spot on as well!! Don't think just go to stumpys!
So far so good. I'm from NM where jiffy was great. I hope to find the same here. Was greeted right as I stepped out of my car, they gave me the rundown of a basic oil change and there inspections. That was nice. 10 min then I will set up AZ account and shale see how long it takes em to know it out.
worst staff ever at the pharmacy! wasted my time. I went in to fill a prescription (I've never filled there before.) my normal place is closed weekends. The guy at the front desk was rude and talking to other people while I was standing in front of him. Then he just snagged my paper away with my RX on them and just said okay thanks. And ignored me. And I said how long..?? And he said 30 minutes. So I went home and waited 40 minutes and then left just in case it wasn't ready. No call, no anything from them letting me know it was ready. I went in and there was a new girl up front. She looked and looked for my RX and kept asking me for last name cause she clearly wasn't listening. Finally, she found it and asked if I had insurance. Yes I have insurance I told her and she asked for my card and I gave it to her and then she told me she needed a different card specifically for prescriptions.Long story short, I wasted 1 hour of my time with a 102 fever, bronchitis, and a sinus infection. If they would have told me this in the first place when I initially dropped them off, I would have been at home resting. But instead I had to waste another 2 hours of my day driving to a different one and waiting for my RX. Not a happy sick day right? I'm never going there again.
Great lunch specials. Lots of food for $6.95! You'll have to ignore the hideous decor (pepto-bismol pink walls, dated furniture, etc.) but the place is usually pretty busy with lunch crowds. The staff is very friendly, food is decent. Remember: you get what you pay for- so the $7 lunch special with entree, rice, egg roll, soup is not "high quality", but just know that going into things and you'll be A-OK.
Great people, great service, reasonable priced. Wish Yelp will let me post with a simple sentence vs. write a story.
Super clean... Customer service is amazing... Would definitely recommend and will be back... Come here for lunch break with my classmates quite often never had a bad experience
Based on the quick tip I posted: "Check expiration dates :(" You should be able to figure out why I don't love this store. It used to be my regular grocery spot but they have really let things slide, lately. Recently, I was picking up some yogurt (the store brand bartlet pear is one of my favorite flavors!) and found most of what was on the shelf in the flavor I wanted to have expired. NOT GOOD. Especially since the nearby Fry's used to be scary but it's not any more. Not to mention there's a Fresh & Easy and an AJs across the street.Come on Safeway... don't relegate my business to watching for Coke products to be on sale!
Have been back a few times and back to good service and best pizza and wings. It is back on our A list
Love your pizza, the hot wing were REALLY hot...yummy! Great food yelp wants me to add more to make the review so here it is but again great food
They do a great job with my work clothes! They're always on time with my needs. All of my work attire gets done at the right time.
Love it! Always will.Clean & peaceful. They're always so kind to me especially Lanie. She always gets what I want on my nails.As you can see in all the pictures that I've posted. :D The bathroom is always clean & the songs that play relaxes the mood.. I could just fall asleep. If they bring me to the wax room.. I might start snoring.
Very friendly customer service! Extremely helpful! Love this place! Repaired several of our lamps! So happy we found this place!
Great restaurant, nice people, good food! Very good gnocchi. Their pizza is probably my favorite item on the menu. Wonderful place to enjoy sporting events. The owner opened @ 9:00 every morning of the World Cup, & offered a full day of food & soccer for a very reasonable price.
2nd of 3 kids birthday parties this weekend.  What a marathon.  Token games are fun though, feels like Vegas for 5 year olds.
Great service and food! We have never had an issue and are always happy to return. There is something to be said about good customer service, more places should concentrate on that.
Great food and long time family hospitality!!  My fav, lasagna, great burgers, tuna melt and hot dogs!  Good pours and good variety of beers on tap!  Deana is incredible!  Family hospitality!
Best pizza we had in a long time. Thanks. I don't think anybody beats Pizza Hut and the way they did the pizzas
Yummy! Loved the bagel with lox!! Wish it came with a slice of lemon :) Staff with helpful. I am trying to eat lighter so I needed suggestions and they delivered! Reduced fat cream cheese w/ a whole wheat bagel!
Excellent meal with great service. Tom was our waitor and gave us personallized service. Not a long wait and the atmosphere was nice.
Great food. Reasonable prices. Maria was an awesome server. I highly recommend you make reservations, especially on the weekends. This place can accommodate groups, but the wait will be considerable on the weekends.
THE BEST PIZZA! First timer and was blown away. Get the "Get Meaty" pizza. Superb!!! Great service, nice warming environment, friendly staff, overall just a great place to eat and have a good time with family and friends.
My favorite pizza place. ALWAYS order your pizza extra crispy it makes it perfect and adds that extra crisp with all those fresh vegetables. I love da Greek it's the perfect pizza for a vegetarian.
Great service/great food!!!!Did I mention the pie????Manager Tim stopped by to make sure everything was great.Don't forget the pie!Btw: don't forget the pie.
Great pizza.  It costs a little more than some places but well worth it.  I reccomend the signature pizza.
Delicious food!  Love this place!  I use the drive through.  The chimichangas are great.  I also love the deep fried beef tacos.  Fast service.  Affordable for a family of 5. Looks like a hole in the wall but the food is as good as a sit down restaurant!
Really good Thai food and very nice people. The Tom kha soup bowl is enough for 5 and medium spice is just hot enough.
Awesme food.. Also affordable prices.. Best thai food for me in phx.. Definitely a good try.. The place is little small but its ok, thai food is worth it here
Best Chinese food in all of NorPho!We get this all the time and they do such a great job! Their food is super good and they will deliver! Staff is super friendly too!
Awesome price of $25 for a gel mani. Lots of OPI gel colors too! Everyone is really nice and takes their time. My favorite place :)
Always consistent on the food, I love Quiznos!  The double toasted bread is amazing! It took me a while to find a Quiznos near me.. I drive at least 39 min to get here!!
Horrible food!!!!! Great Service:) The wings were not seasoned properly. It was not appetizing and probably won't go back to try something different....
They had a good selection of materials but the service was just "ok." Nobody was smiling or happy, just getting their work done like it was a chore. Not sure if I walked in after a fight or if that's the way it is all the time.
Best place ever for all your hair and nail needs!!!!! I will always got to beauty brands for my hair and nails, never been happier, also awesome deals on hair and skin products...
Always good quaity!!! And very reasonable. I had the chicken parm and it was to die for.
Ok breakfast for the money. Older place with a little bit of a smell to it but friendly service. This place could use a fresh coat of paint and spring cleaning but has a lot of character.
Simply stated: Excellent customer service.Have been a customer here for quite a while.Had a busted tractor tire, not even from them, hauled it in on a busy Saturday with no appointment. The tire had punctures, but it was salvageable; they fit me in on a busy morning and managed to fix the holes and give it air. I expected to have to pay some fee...but didn't have to pay anything. They sent me home with a smile.Just today I went for a free air check for my SUV. Before doing the air check, the young man asks if I want a bottle of water while I wait. Amazing service.
Really good place to eat, try it if you ever get a chance. What do you have to loss. I want to go there route now just thinking about it.
Great food and even better service. I recommend this place for sure. Jacob was so welcoming. Everyone working there has a positive attitude and are so friendly. Not meant for large groups easy parking.
2.5 stars: 2 hours for a detail and no wi-fi :(
Great haircuts every time with really friendly staff!!I take my kid to get haircuts here because they know how to do cute cuts for children and the price is worth it.
Awesome food good people always consistent great place to eat! Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, burgers, salads, Mexican food, full bar, what more could you ask for?
Casey Jones is where I go to eat. Their sandwiches are great. Sean is the best. Marcie is a great waitress.
Amazing food and friendly staff. We will definitely be back. We shared a pasta dish and the fish and chips. Everything was cooked perfectly and have a very balanced flavor. Would highly recommend.
Great food, great atmosphere.. Try the philly cheese steak.. Yummy. Wait staff if very friendly and willing to fit your needs.
They turn tables fast and great food. Easy way to put your name n on a list with yelp check in.
Awful. Everything is way too salty and overpriced. You can get a better burger across the street at 5&Diner. Cool decor, though.
An small interesting place to try. I liked the French toast. We did not like the chia tea.
Our small group of 8 people sat down 1 hour and 20 minutes ago and Waited over one hour for our breakfast !
Great place to stay. Staff is always friendly and treat you like family. Centrally located which makes it very convenient to get anywhere in the Valley.
Great priced and service. Collin is like.  Dealing with a friend of the family. This is the third purchase in 3 years. I would refer friends and family.Collin more than salesman  and not pushy but very informed . Did not have what I was looking for at bell and 40th store but shipped from other store no problem.
They have a meatless section! Although there's a sign on the board, there really isn't a lot of selection for vegetarian alternatives in the frozen section. Was a little underwhelmed when I saw the sign -- I thought maybe I had found a little frozen vegetarian paradise. Turns out that's not the case.
Great service and beautiful nails.  First time in a long time that I can remember not having acrylics hurt in some way. Other places always seem to get overzealous with the grinder. I am very pleased!
Very good! Service and food was great. Wife forgot her phone and the server assistant rush out to our car to give it to her after we already left. Very family owed/professional feel. We will definitely recommend to others.
Great find!! So happy my husband and I gave this place a shot! Sauces and aromas are spectacular!! Complimentary amaretto is a great touch!
Great service with a great price. I always have my clothes dry cleaned here.  If there is something last minute they always  have helped me out.
Mango Habanero tacos. Amazing. The employees here saw that we were hungry, and they were slammed. I was so elated when they swung by and gave my boyfriend and I a total of 4 free meal coupons out of a thank you. A little patience goes a long way, and so does gratitude for your customers. Best Rubio's ever! :)
Best hummus and baclava in town, great for take away on movie night. Freshly made tabuli is very good
Best customer service  I've ever had in a dry cleaner the guy is awesome. If I could give pats 10 stars I would always on time free water bottle and a very good dry cleaner.
This is one of the friendliest stores Whataburger has.  It's not in the best neighborhood but the employees are outstanding.  Best onion rings. Staff super friendly.
Best ever... hot...fresh...delicious... Staff was fantastic... Will definitely return soon
Maple bacon only made on weekends! Worth waiting all week for!Oh this place is the end of my waistline! Yikes. Fresh donuts, need I say more? Oh yes, you can ALWAYS say BACON!!!!Friendly service, reasonable prices and fresh warm donuts. YUM. This place is my go-to spot for donuts when I'm in the Phx/Scottsdale area. HIGHLY recommended. And trust me, I've eaten a TON of donuts.
This place is crazy and the return policy sucks.. The pet club card is useless.. Why bother with it if u still need to have ur receipt
Gated community.  It appears the Board of Directors is functioning well and strong.  If I wanted to feel secure and safe in this part of town, I'd be here.  Looking at the bulletin board in the clubhouse, I'd say there are lots of fine people living here.  The clubhouse and pools are attractive.  Lots of guest parking too.Reflecting on the Anasazi Village Condos as I fed Pete the Cat, I realized I've known three of the residents for decades.  I'd be delighted to have them as my neighbors any time.  Sophisticated world travelers, trustworthy as a troop of Eagle Scouts, intelligent, elegant, refined, tasteful.  Yes, absolutely the delight of hearts.
Great service by Brian and Deanna and they have everything!!Not your normal hardware store - from jewelry to washers and everything in between. And lots of impulse buy opportunities too!I will be back many times.
Won't accept a vertical ID for some reason never been to a bar that didn't. The bartender was nice enough but only 2 stars for a waste of time.
The new bacon swiss butter burger is amazing. Fast service. Always gets the orders right. And they are very generous with the sause cups.
Great happy hour. We always get Godzilla Tails with a side of rice and a yellowtail roll. This is one of our go-to spots when we know exactly what we want. The sushi is good, the service is good, and the patio is wonderful when it isn't crowded. Happy hour is every day from 7-close in the bar, which is less like "happy hour" and more like...lower priced food in the bar.
good fresh food on time deliverycream chees my flaver i like egg roll and chicken lo mei orange chicken too
Definately worth the drive! New favorite Chinese restaurant! A hidden gem.flavors are great and food is abundent and soooo reasonable for that family of 4 to go out and enjoy. a meal out.
My wife and I come to this place all the time. The people running the place are legit and this is the kind of old fashiony Chinese food restaurant you wanna go to where it's a hole in the wall, mom and pop shop, but has that fabulous 1970's decor. We came here on Valentines for some love supper and were shocked by their wine prices. I think they were all $13.95 a bottle which is very reasonable for house wine prices. Happy family and fried dumplings are main stays for us. Everything is great so try it all. You'll have left overs for tomorrow too.
The greatest dive bar of all time. Pool table and a bar... That's it. The bar staff is interesting to say the least. My wife and I love this place.
Donuts were great.. Staff was surprised that I didn't want coffee. The brownie batter was soo good.
Out of business. They are closed. I tried calling two different numbers for it and both say that it is out of business
What a horrible store, waited for an hour and no one cared to service you. Very rude staff, stay away from this location.
Worst customer service I've ever had. I would never go here again,  they are rude and treated me terribly.
Staff was nice and polite and food was excellent. My bf and I would def eat here again.
Worst cold stone I've ever been to. I got a like it and the cup wasn't even full. Also it's the "international training" location, but no one supervises the international employees to make sure they're making the ice cream right. Bad customer service and worse management.
Nice place to eat and always busy when we go in.  The guy that owns it is nice has a great gem in a business park
Very close to car rental return.   Dollar to food ratio is quite high.   In terms of quality, I would say it tastes pretty close to home cooking.   There are large chunks of meat with meat gravy and the right amount of kick to the burrito.   The place is a bit run down and not much seating but service is fast.    I'd try it once but it's not iconic.
Lunch or dinner, Wongs always delivers. Love this place! Has always been great and fast. It's kind of a dive place, but I do love my dive places.
It s ok nothing extraordinaire is a simple Chinese food and the price is average for this kind of restaurants
Great food,  great prices, and large portions. Definitely worth going again. The Pastor was very tasty  as Carne Asada.
So delicious! I love it! Highly recommend it if you're craving Mexican food. I was working in the area and decided to stop by.  I love their Torta Pastor but I'm sure everything else is just as delicious. A plus is just the Torta alone is very filling. It's a great, clean and yummy place.
Jumbo shrimp are always my go to. The now have fish taco's. Unfortunantly, you can't order just ONE fish taco to try it out. You have to order the freaking combo! That is pretty dumb IMO, what if I don't like it? What if I start to resent the place because I by passed my always delicious jumbo shrimp? So, I skipped the fish taco and ordered my usual.I like to get the ranch and louisana hot sauce and mix them together. Dipping heaven. They offer coctail sauce and tarter sauce as well. There is so many choices on what plate you can get, fish and jumbo shrimp combinations. Or just fish or just jumbo shrimp. The fried zuchinni is also good.For the smallest combo it's about 8 bucks, drink is seperate. So it's not to bad in the price.
Excellent food excellent service my favorite soda which is diet mountain dewThis place may not look like much from the outside or the inside, but it is very clean and they serve the seafood. If you want seafood this is the place to go. The location is not the best, but that is far from a hindrance when it come to the quality of the food and the friendly and excellent staff.
Crazy busy airport with long wait times at security. Plan ahead! That said however, this is a pretty decent airport. There are plenty of food options with both local and national chains, there are cute stores to buy Southwest themed treats, toys and take-homes, and the walkways (once you're through security) are pretty wide. I also found the bathrooms to be tidy as well as the carpets in the gate areas. I know that's odd to mention but dirty carpets really gross me out and this airport seems to be nicer than many I've been to recently. Go PHX!
TSA just ignore when I had a question and told me to ask someone else....wow reallyI want to know where I can mail out a postcard and this card just push me aside.  Now the trip is ending and I am over the fact that yes i am a freak of nature cause im asian...yea thats how i felt and i said it.  So all i want is to get an answer on where i can mail out a postcard, no harm no foul no bad intent.Other than that...this airport is a little dull, I have to admit that there are some very nice people but I just felt overall, this airport is a bit racist...
Arrive early for terminal D - TSA lacks leadership so it's a cluster fuck!*************************************************************************************************************************Above was my check in tip.  Below is what Lacey H. sent me.  She is a TSA agent in the airport.  When you read all the reviews on the airport, seems my opinion of the TSA organization is an opinion shared by many.  Having Lacey H. say what she did makes it even more apparent at the lack of professionalism in the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.  This is not a slam against the TSA in total, as they do a terrific job in many many airports.  This is specifically a leadership issue in Phoenix. Thanks Lacey for supporting my review!  ***********************************************************************************************************************You're Cool 3/10/2014 Photo of Lacey H.3 friends21 reviewsLacey H.Gilbert, AZSend MessageFor your tip at: Phoenix Sky Harbor International AirportI think it's really amazing and very insightful of you to notice that it is tsa that is to blame for security lines and not the disorganized idiot passengers who arrive late to the airport and expect everyone to cater to their lack of adequate planning and preparation. Amazing!
I've lived in Phoenix for the last 10 years, thus I have flown in & out of Sky Harbor multiple times or picked up friends and family. Sky Harbor is a major hub and is always busy! I think this is a much older airport than most carpeting and fixtures are outdated. However, I'm sure with the completing of the new tram shuttle line the airport will be given a make over at least this is my hope. The high points are You can reach most departure gates going through baggage claim of the arrivals side. there are 2 cell phone lots on either wing of the airport for waiting. Lastly if you're in a hurry you can maneuver through traffic by routing through the airport reaching the 51,202, 10, & 143 depending on which direction your headed to or coming from.
Just keep driving, you'll eventually find your way out of Terminal 3! Smh. I picked up a family member who needed wheelchair service. And we needed an attendant with a baggage cart. Both gentlemen were very friendly, and accomodating. Thanks Phoenix Sky  Harbor, and Delta!
Great airport deco shops and food . Easy to find your way too.. Covered parking is no problem
It's a very large airport. I didn't fly but picked up my daughter.  It took her quite a while to get from the plane to the baggage claim... 15 min? Yea, it's a big airport!
Very convenient.  Professional service.  I use them exclusively whenever I go out of town.
Convenient location and courteous services in a timely manner at a reasonable cost. Have used multiple times and would not hesitate to be a customer again.
Hotel was extremely accommodating and the staff was very helpful. The airline lost our tickets after wed checked out and the next flight wasn't for 8 hours. Not only did they send a shuttle to pick us up bit they also let us check back into our room.
Wonderful Pinot Noir. The prime rib is to die for. All steaks are great !! Service is pretty good, very friendly staff. It's a great experience for us.
Nice club. Came to sell woman's jewelry. Friendly staff. Will visit again next time I'm in town.
Fun fun fun. Nice facility clean and fast go carts. My son loved the Segway too.  Nice location and very spacious. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because staff changed our race time without notifying us first. Not a huge problem this time
Really nice people. Lots of stock.  They helped us with a repair and were very fair on price.  If you are looking for office furniture this is a great place to check.   Get you gps going.  It's tucked away and you need help finding it.
Best recommendation from someone I met on a flight.  Thanks Mariko!And now on top of that, they opened a location on the terminal side.  So if you are just transiting through, you can still enjoy a great sandwich and some awesome cookies!
Got the roasted turkey and avocado BLT.  Light yet satisfying  at a reasonable price at the airport.  The service was very friendly and helpful.  Would definitely return for the same item.
A great Derby Day event!!!! We always have a huge group that goes and we're VIP sat in our own private section. The drink service is good, but naturally slow bc the place is packed! 2 years in a row our group has won best dressed!!! Derby on!!! Or "Talk Derby to me"
Another great experience! Well since the las great experience I just had another. The Tech, Ken, sure knows his business. Great personality as well. No problem recommending this company.
Absolutely horrible customer service.  Support over the phone is the worst!  Do not use this company if possible.
Fast food must not be fast anymore...?After a 15 minute drive through wait, I drove up, smiled and said hello. I received a curt glance and a price for my food. I said thank you when I received my food, and the chick turned around and walked away.  Thanks for reminding me why I haven't gone to McDonald's in years.
Huge portions. Quality is ok. Nothing impressive but it will feed you for cheap. A little slow to get the order, considering you have to stand outside without shade and order through a small window.
Killer tortillas for great price ! Get the 15" 50oz tortillas for the double wrap on your burritos.
Good value, good internet, clean, safe.  I would stay here again as long as I got a good rate.Negatives: don't expect a breakfast, just coffee and snack food.
Tasty! Staff was friendly and helpful... Love to stop by when in the area. We ordered a #1 & #5 combo
Great company all their moves are done very professional I will reuse them every time I move
Bumpy road on the way in! This was a really interesting thing to check out.  My son had a report to do for school so we made the trek!  What an interesting homage for a father to make to his daughter.  I thought it was a bit pricey and wonder what the money is used for as there were plenty of people on the tour.  Our tour guides (Juankarlo and Manuel) were REALLY knowledgeable.  I'd recommend a trip to this place if you had nothing else to do and were looking for a curious Phoenix landmark and had money burning a hole in your pocket.  Both Mary Lou and Boyce were quite the eccentrics...
Love this church. Arrive early to get a seat... it's packed!! Ladies need to wear a Mantilla here.The choir is beautiful and the solemn masses are unforgettable.  Come check it out!  The new church should be completed in September.
Hands down best Chinese food in phx! Might be a far drive but you won't be sorry.  Portions are enough for two days and satisfy any craving for REAL Chinese food.
Horrible food. Ended up tossing $25 worth of food because it didn't taste right. The meat was hard and didn't taste great, the crab puffs were soggy and the egg rolls were kinda cold. Never will order from here again.
Fantastic spot, try the smoked brisket hash! The prices are a little high (2.95 for coffee, but free refills) but well worth it if you're looking for a nice bfast/brunch. Get there early, weekends get busy!! Bring your dog!
It says breakfast and brunch, yet no menu to back that up... Weak. How many people look for brunch? I saw farm so I felt that'd be a great way to start the day with some comfort scenery on a sunny day. Fail
Never would have thought to put squash, asparagus, corn and eggplant inside an omelette. It was however one of the best omelettes I've had. My wife and I definitely plan on returning to this great location for the ambiance and food.
Absolutely wonderful food, service and atmosphere. We found this place by searching Yelp and were so glad we did. There is a lunch place in front that's cafeteria style. Then u take your food picnic style out on the grass and enjoy it. Really nice. Then all the way in the back of the farm is a breakfast place. It's great too. Nice staff, great food and outdoor seating. Really a perfect outing.
Great trails... A lot of bikers...  I have been running on south mountain now for years.  I like the part of south mountain that is in Ahwatukee.  I usually park by warpaint and then run from warpaint all the way down desert classic.  The trail is clean and offers trails that are easier and more challenging.  It's very peaceful and you can get lost (in a good way).  The only downfall, it is very rocky, so when you're running, watch out for rocks or else you'll have an accident like I did last week!  Try out south mountain, you will enjoy all of the hiking and nature and it's close to everything in the valley.
Visiting with Dad on his 93 birthday.I was very impressed with this park.  Nice views.  Seems like there is a lot to do here.  We just visited the overlooks.  Have to come back to hike or ride sometime.
Went to watch the sunset at the top and it was awesome! My boyfriend loved the curved roads on the drive up. It was slightly crowded, but still worth the drive up. I would like to go back and visit all the other trails the park has to offer.
Awesome view of the valley. Great trails. So much to see. The trail heads on the north side have plenty of parking. If you go early in the morning, your trail will be covered by the shade and it'll feel cool. Once you summit, that sun will feel pretty good.
Very helpful associates, always like shopping at Ace!  Seems like those things I can't find at Lowe's or Home Depot can be found here.It's the only place that can make Do Not Duplicate keys, just so you know.
Delicious. Great sushi and salmon and fantastic service. Total neighborhood spot and love that it is keeping true to what it does. Can't go wrong.
Quick and easy... Thank god!!!  I do make a point, however, to never come on a weekend if I can help it.  My favorite location is Tempe Marketplace because it is MUCH bigger, but for convenience sake, I'll stop by here when I need something.
This is no longer here. Boo.Really needed to go and it's as though it never existed!
Nice little restaurant. Really good quality chicken. Lots of options for entrees. Will be back again soon.
A nice date night. Thank you living social.  This was my 1st time eating here. Food and service was good overall.  I wish the seating was a little more private. Booth seating with people all around is not exactly quaint.  I would go back with another Living Social deal, but would not go and pay full price.
Burgers were great.  Beer was good. Everyone was pretty pleased.I especially liked the fact that the burgers were RARE when requested is a big plus in my opinion.  They have a wide selection of draft beers which was nice.
Dietcoke chips salsa and guac yummy.  Food was cold.  well not cold but my cheese had hardened cause it was no longer hot.  and the waitress never came to check on us.  The manager was really nice and apologetic.  But it sucks on friday night to have a s... meal.
Great food great service awesome food great atmosphere. If you want a great experience this is the place to go.
Love the food and gluten free options they have available. Clean place too. I love the dressings and soup.
Los Taquitos is one of the best taco shops this side of town. PeriodA Los Taquitos Haiku:Two lengua street tacosThe carne asada torta with cheeseMexican food heaven
Wow the new digs are great and the food stayed awesome! Staff was good. Just a great update to a great place. Love it
Good food but not the best service. They need to work on their customer service. I'll eat here again but I wish the girls were nicer
Best burritos and tacos anywhere in the southeast valley. The restaurant itself isn't great but the good is exceptional. I usually get it to go. I especially love the breakfast burritos.
Great simple and easy fare. It is always tasty and a great quick fix. The triple gyro plate will bust your belly!
Great dentist office with a friendly staff!!  I would definitely recommend them. They helped me with general cleanings and some cosmetic work.
I hate being so mean about a Jo-Ann's but I am DONE with the registers. I make decisions to NOT come here because the lines are so ridiculous. Why do they have 9 registers and 1 person ringing ALL THE TIME!!! Infuriating.  Plus, I feel like I ALWAYS have to interrupt the cashier because the only people working at Jo-Ann's are 1 cashier and 2 people cutting fabric. I have never in my 10+ times in this store seen an associate who is not in one of those three positions.  It is SO maddening!!!Bring on AT LEAST one more associate because at least I can find help at Michaels, and if I can't find it there, I'd rather buy my item on Amazon to avoid the BULLSH*T at Jo-Ann's.P.S. I even have a vested interest in this store as I took a sewing and a cake decorating class here and I am tired of the place sucking so bad.
Been coming here 10 years. Never had one bad haircut. I love this place!Mike is a great barber. He does great work and always shows flexibility if I am running late or need a cut at the last minute.
Nice place where its all about atmosphere!! The service is fast and courteous, not a fan of the cover but it worth it.
Best pizza ever. Great employees. The salads are awesome. Say hi to the staff. Michael Hitzel is the best.
Amazing pizza with incredible flavor!! Also the place was very clean and the atmosphere was awesome. Had a cannoli for dessert too which was delicious
Awesome & best sushi place!Our favo is viva las Vegas roll, kaizen saviche in non veg; veg tempura in starter, veg tempura roll in veg-sushi!!! New cherry Bellini rocks too ! We tried sake, pinapple appetizer last time, which was ok, not as great as ones written above. Overall fabulous food, drinks, and amazing service.
This place is extremely loud and filled with 18-25 year olds. The waitresses here pretty much ignore you the entire time, and the sushi was unfortunately sub-par. I'll probably hit up another sushi place next time. On the plus side, the decor was nice.
Note to the owner who  Is taking orders, remove your bling.Food cooked to order - so expect to wait a short time.I had the Asian shrimp - A good big serving for lunch.. Brown rice was good, shrimp was pretty good.  Lots of veggies.Not bad - will fill your gut.
This place is awesome! Staff is always friendly and food is always good! Wings are good and the crab puffs are amazing!
Love this place. Full of flavor! Best Chinese in Ahwatukee. Love the fried rice and the wor wonton soup.
Neo Tokyo come back !!!!!!!! I've lived in Ahwatukee for 15 years and eaten at this place for  all of them . New owner has ruined the menu I tried it twice and it's just not the same . Go to panda garden guys this place is awful .
Great service. Fair prices. Honesty. All huge reasons why I service my van here. I also forgot my credit card at home and they offered me a ride to drive home and grab it. Great customer service.
the resort that claims too much.the front desk is completely ignorant ie front desk Alfredo doesn't understand his ratio of workers at the bell desk we literally waited an hour and 20 minutes to get a ride from the roosters restaurant in the heat of 102 degrees.at this point our beautiful dinner was ruined by the inability of Arizona Grand Resort to communicate effectively as to how long it would take for a driver to come up and pick us up.do not bother to tip the bell desk men because they literally don't care except for that moment at that time they will feedi inaccurate info and lie as to how long they're working and how effective they will be.unfortunately after a huge wedding here they have disappointed us for one year anniversary celebration I truly do not recommend this place
We had a great time...I just wish they had a microwave in the rooms...The food was over priced at the Osasis water park which is attached to the hotel. French fries $8 buffalo wings $19.00 ridiculously priced we ate at restaurants outside of the resort
Get a table near the window at sunset. Priceless. We love taking out of town guests to the Rooste. Order the rattlesnake appetizer for a unique treat.  If you are going to take a large group, call ahead for a reservation (request the window view). You HAVE to slide down the slide, yes, i said slide! you can take the stairs, but I think all first timers to the Rooste should be required to slide. Great cowboy atmosphere, live band most nights. Love this place.
Had a great dinner for our twins 13th birthday !!!! Service was was awesome, fast & friendly. Food was good & worth the value.
Not bad. Bit overrated and over priced. Unless it's was my only choice, probably wouldn't go back.
"Sorry, but we temporarily ran out of bread."  What else can I say?Disappointed I guess...
Ahwatukee staff was friendly, fast and honest.  Great customer service!  My car was serviced super fast and Dan and his team were awesome! All the prices for my service were exactly what they said it would be and everyone was really nice.  A+ for customer service.
Wonderful place.  Very focused on the quality for the animal.  Highly recommend Dr Jenny Johnson.  She is excellent working with cats. Every year they just seem to get better
Great tasting food! Friendly staff! I didn't even make it to the desert which I usually do because I just couldn't stop eating.
A man all about himself. A morman who will be damned in the end Rest In HELL Talks about himself to much Ego stalker
OMG those were the nicest and happiest hostesses in the country, I'm quite sure.  The food ended up being "the norm" for Cracker Barrel.  EXCELLENT!
Great store great experience great everything love TargetAlways go browse electronics just to look and always get asked if they can help me find anything
Filthy, filthy, filthyEarly Sunday evening (Oct. 11, 2015)....moderate crowd.  Tables absolutely filthy.  Trash cans overflowing.  Spilled food on the floor under the tables.  This was embarrassing.  I was disgusted and walked out with my two daughters.  You can't be serious!  If this is how you maintain the "front of the house", what's the "back of the house" (kitchen, food prep area) look like??  You should be shut down!
Had great service from James made us feel welcome!!! Great IPA !!! Well done.The appetizer platter was great.Great for a Sunday foot ball game
Love doodling on the table, had a great visit, server was super sweet also. I've pretty much always had great food and service. The only drawback (if you could call it one) is that you lose your fantastic creative creations when you leave. Unless of course you wana buss the table for them. Haha either way, great fun and food.
Marcel's has the best staff and owner in the area. Mercedes coming home was a blessing. All the girls are great. Exceptional value on drinks and food. Great neighborhood bar and they open at 10 for anyone who likes Little Big Town's DAY DRINKING.BOB
This is great. Angela is a terrific bartender. Good drinks, excellent service, personable, and makes our business meetings go smoothly. Stop by, ask for Angela and Enjoy the best experience ever. (Food is great too) - don't miss this chance to relax and enjoy. Yum***********************************************************************I hate seeing good places get in trouble but....alas EB has closed. It seems they are closing many locations which is a shame as they've been a standard for decades. Good luck everyone in the reaming locations.
Best soup if your sick! Always consistent, and flavorful! And the spring rolls are always fresh!
Great place an inexpensive and tasty lunch ....I've been there many times and it's always excellent!
Awesome food every time.  I've tried several places for pho around Phoenix, Scottsdale and Paradise Valley and this is by far my favorite.  You can taste the difference in the quality of ingredients.  Yum.
Food was really good and service was friendly and super fast. Mm mm mm. .................................................................mm
Very flavorful and lots of fresh ingredients. Was a great lunch. I had the vegetarian Pho and spring rolls. I love the peanut dipping sauce!
Never disappointed here. Always good food and good service. I always get the shrimp and green beans. I ask for the white sauce in place of what they normally serve it with and it is amazing. The green beans are so fresh and the shrimp are tasty and big. Hubby loves the shrimp fried rice and filet with prawns. Veggie egg rolls, potstickers and crab puffs are always great!
Best place to get your nails done! Love my gel nails :)http://wwwapps.ups.com/WebTracking/track?track=yes&trackNums=1Z98A30AP201415858
Mini Pretzel dogs r awesome ! Friendly workers. Speedy service. The Kiu pretzel dogs are the best when their fresh and hot . With the cheese sauce they are yummy
I bet my husband is going to make me fold my pizza. Yep, he did. This was really good pizza, NY/NJ type pizza. Thin big foldable slices. Nice people helped us at our table even though they just have counter service. (we were clueless) They have beer and the atmosphere is very casual, NY memorabilia, TV's. In a strip mall by Goodwill in Mesa. Great for kids after their Saturday games! If we ever find ourselves out there again we will definitely grab a slice!
Great service and the suicide wings are delicious! Ice cold beers on tap. surprisingly the shrimp is pretty good too the cocktail sauce is spicy just the way I like it. It will definitely clear out your sinuses.
Good food.  Reasonable prices. Nice lady at the counter. Decent environment.  The only thing is the restroom needed attention.
This place is awesome! Great food and perfect atmosphere. Very relaxing ! It would make it much better if they had decent hot mustard and sweet and sour verse the poor quality generic kind that comes in a package.  I would recommend the dine in experience
...continues to be the slowest drive through in Maricopa County. If it wasn't the closest one to me, I wouldn't come here at all.  Is there anyone in Whataburger management that can get this restaurant back to speed?
Large sandwiches ordered to your stoned desires!! My favorite is the Afgan blunt with ranch. On the side a PB&J joint, chips and a signature rice krispy treat! Good for meat lovers and veggie lovers alike. The service is awesome too!!
We had T1 and 27 for lunch today :-P Friendly and great food. Def will be back
Too slow. We ordered at 6:50pm and waited for more than 40 mins. So bad. Mg friends and I would not come here again. Waiting is a terrible thing and annoys all of us.
Enjoyed the food. Everything tastes fresh. By far the best korean food in town. Their famous dish is the tofu soup.
This place could not be cooler same with the mom and pop who run it. Why go to corporate chain bs when you could be here. Way more stuff and way more style
Do not stay here!! Both the grounds and the staff are not accommodating at all. Has been a horror story.Has tube tv's, cannot regulate room temperature or water temperature, is very ill lit and has very slow wireless. Brought up complaints to management to no avail. Front desk staff was very nice but management has no idea about customer service.
We checked out as soon as we saw our room. Decided that it wasn't the right place for our family after my 16mo old daughter smashed a bug on the wall.
We checked out as soon as we saw our room. It was filthy. My toddler squished some kind of bug right by the couch. Our bedsheets had pubic hairs. DO Not Stay here!!!!!
Amazing food and friendly staff. I recommend the huevos rancheros for only $7.50! Sometimes the lines are a bit long on the weekends, but they churn people pretty quickly and it's well worth it.
Great food and good prices! We will be back soon. The location is a little bad but i think it will be worth it for any one to make the trip here just bring in your valuables lol
Our favorite place to eat. Good food at Very decent prices. Trying the shrimp lo mein tonight. We live three hours south of Mesa, but always make it a point to stop here before we head home.
We will never go to another vet again! We love this place....and they love our furbabies
Best insurance agent in the business!  He has gone above and beyond to make the insurance experience a pleasure.  We are grateful for all his commitment to excellent service!  We couldn't be happier!
Five stars . Always dependable quality with good customer service. Denny, our server, went above and beyond! Right now Olive Garden has endless pasta bowl for 9.99.
Great Tasting Gyro! And nice family owned place. They have a great kitchen with a nice simple menu. Try there Bbq chicken too. Great food for catering a party, which I have done multiple times. I also love the variety of sweets that are offered. simply a great place to try out, u always have a chance to post ur own reviews, so why not try it out urself.
Buffet only on Friday!! And today is Wednesday :*(I went based on other yelp reviews, and it was pretty good.Not gourmet or anything, and it is a grocery store, but I tend to like this sort of thing and feel more at home, like you're at someone's house at the table in the kitchen.I got the gyro plate with a few salads on the side.  It's reasonably priced and they serve it with warm pita bread.Next time I will ask for more salads and less meat (just my personal preference), but everything was tasty. And the tsatziki sauce was yum yum yum.I'll come back on Friday and check out the buffet.  (Only 12-4!)
Best midetterianian foodGreat kababGreat hommusGreat serviceCons: it took long time
Food is always bomb here so the wait is well worth it. It's such a hidden gem. It's usually packed and there is only one or two people working the tables so expect delays. My favorite items are the stuffed grape leaves and the hummus.
Great food and service from hyatt! I had the kabob platter. The beef, chicken, and kofta kabobs were all tender and tasty. Sides of hummus and baba ganoush were perfect complements. I didn't have time to check out the market but seems like there are plenty of things to take home as well.
Great calm vibe and INCREDIBLY INEXPENSIVE drinks! The is the best dive bar ever. Its a cash bar only but you can run tabs as there is an ATM. Bartenders are friendly and attentive, there's pool and awesome music. Doesn't get better than Jupes.
$5 for a small cup of noodles which costs less than $0.25 in materialsThe hot and sour soup tasted like metalegg roles made of 90% breadingcrab puffs with no flavorover priced and mediocreasian cafe express is much cheaper and tastes better
I love this place! We come here so much its like Norm walking into Cheers. They have great Sushi and the food is awesome. If you haven't been here you got to try it once. If you try it you will fall in love with how friendly they are here. Come see how good it is!
The food and custard were great.  The 2 roaches watching us were not.I have had sandwiches, fries, onion rings and tons of custard here.  The atmosphere is very family friendly and there is sometimes live music.I will come back but I hope they hire an exterminator soon.
Go here!  Great place and great people.Very friendly people and great equipment. Fair pricing. I wish I had gotten certified with these people.
Love this location. Best service and very friendly. Food is always good and on time. Everything we ask for is provided even those amazing diner rolls
Love this tanning salon!! The staff is very friendly and helpful and I am always in and out fast.
Came here twice, service sucked both times... Don't recommend this location. Tried to order the crispy orange chicken the second time we were there and even after waiting and some of the ingredients were recalled! Waitress tried to help me out with figuring out a new order kinda similar to my original but I was still upset. Don't come here
The food here is always fresh and tasty.  Highly recommended. Great service and quick to get the food out.
This is good sushi that is fairly reasonable.  The service is always excellent.  They have a great variety of rolls and even have a "rainbow roll" for those unsure of what kind of fish you want to try.
This is my new favorite spot. I decided to take the advice from yelpers and try this place out myself. The prices are very reasonable, the two sisters are real  nice, my nails are too cute. I couldn't be more satisfied. If you've  never been here,  this is the place to go.This place is a keeper for sure. Two thumbs up .
8:22pm We don't have enough food for you. Go away this is all we have. Nice job.  If you're going to be open for another thirty eight minutes, you might want to consider making some more food.
Sam is always able to help out with my print jobs. The staff is always great and able to help with my problem.
Best wings in east Mesa I also love their fried mushrooms and gyro sandwich. We mix it up when we go. The honey BBQ wings are good too. Next time your looking to eat some wings try the place out.
Best street tacos i've found since being in mexico... Ive been going here since high school and it hasnt changed a bit in the last 12 years... Prices are fair
Very good tacos for not a lot of money. Carne asada and cabeza are very good. Pastor but my favorite. You can get 4 tacos and a drink for less than $7
Yum.  Just plain yummy.  Love the old 50's atmosphere.  White shirt and ties, reminds me of an old dime store restaurant .   Crispy fries, great burger.  Toasted bun, just plain good.
Service is great and good large burgers. Definitely add green chiles to your burger.Not a place you go to for the ambiance, but it will beat any fast food joint if it is a burger you are looking for.
Something cool and different! This definitely topped off a good vacation. The organist playing the massive organ will take requests and entertain you while you eat. Pizza is average but inexpensive and worth it. Cash or check only so be prepared for that. They have a nice selection of ice cream to end the night if you still have room! I'll definitely be back again!
Awesome place my kids loved it food was good just A great environment for the family.i've been going here since I was a little kid know bringing my kids pretty cool.
Very professional business and friendly staff. They are always quick to respond. They are also very competitive with their bids on bonds. I would recommend them to any company that is looking to get a competitive bid on a bond.
Salad and wing night!!I had a renewed enjoyment of Native New Yorker at this location.   Enjoyed a huge Cobb Salad and wings. Unlike some other locations I have visited, the winds were not drenched in sauce.  Came out hot and were a perfect match to my salad. Read other reviews about the location. I would agree that it is not a shiny new location. The tables did have a stickiness to them that was not pleasant. But I think it as the surface of the table and not a cleanliness issue. Waiter was attentive. Kept my drink filled. The food was exactly what I was looking for at that moment.
Best place I've been for my dogs. They are all awesome and very nice.My dog needed his shots made the appointment that day and only took about 30 mins for everything.
My yorkies came out AWSOME & happy. The opener was onsite & was very friendly. She took the time to make us & my babies feel comfortable. You can see the love they put into the animals there. We will definitely be using them as our permanent groomers. Thank you to all the staff for the beautiful work you have done
Darryl is excellent for phone service and price.  Easily the best service in Phoenix area.
Great great service,  had breakfast,  drinks right away,  fast food service also. Wool be back s again.  The waitress was very nice,  place looked clean
I love this place for breakfast. 5 stars on every point! 2 eggs and bacon, hash browns and English muffin all just the way I ordered them. Have only had breakfast here but everytime it was good!
Sampler platter is worth every penny!!Love OTB. I have always had great food and great servce. This evening they were out of a specific item on my platter so they replaced it with something else and offered to give me more of anything else on the plate. I thought that was nice of them because its not always the servers fault the kitchen is out of food.
Its McDonalds. With a playplace. It was clean.
Matt was great.  Super fast and friendly service. Cheaper than Big O. Definitely recommend them.
Unbelievable! You haven't had Mexican food until you've eaten here. Everything I've had on the menu has been made me feel like I died and gone to heaven. I recommend anything with green chile on it.
New location Rocks. It's very nice and new. Nice move!  Had #5 great tasting. Fair prices. Go before the snowbirds get back.
Great people in home come see us for the best things out newest bedding our new Southern living everything from bedding to pots and pans to bathroom towels anything you may need we got it
Possibly the BEST Mexican food I've had in Arizona !! This place is absolutely fantastic!
If you genuinely care about the well being of your animal companion, do not take them here. It's unfortunate that this is the 24/7 clinic that is closest to me, but they have have no idea what they are doing. I brought my dog in for surgery on the same wound twice because of their mistakes and they flat out told me they don't know what to do, printed out my records for me and reccomend I visit another vet. The lack ofintelligence in their profession is embarrassing and I am very upset with them doing work on my dog and finding out they had no idea what they were doing the whole time. Disgusting.
The place smells, must be the carpet, but it stinks. Food is cold. Hash browns we're rubbery. The people were pleasant though.
Great fast service and very helpful and friendly staff!!! I needed a special filter order Robert had it for me in a few hours and got me right back in! Service like this is what keeps me loyal!!!
Very friendly and fast. Decent price. Convenient location. Would recommend them .................
Quite possibly the worst food I have ever had at a reputable restaurant. Some food was inedible salty and the veggies had no seasoning whatsoever. Terribly disappointing.
Nice job!! Clean car and great workers. Got wash and wax, my car is so beautiful . The detail guys really do a great job
Abusive and rude. Horrible work. Will lie and steal your money. Don't go here. They will make up stories and take your money to fix things that aren't broken. Had to replace the parts they put in with the old parts to make my car work after they got through with it.
Breakfast isn't free,at courtyard. If you want that go Fairfield or Springhill Suites.  Book Marriott.com, package with breakfast if you want that at Courtyard, not priceline, etc.   Only Gold & platinum rewards members get free breakfast at courtyard, unless you book that room rate package including breakfast.  People stop complaining when you book thru priceline. Use marriott.com. guaranteed lowest rates and join marriott rewards online too.   This is not a newer hotel, it looks worse for wear.  We are not real comfortable here, as we are used to a more upscale or newer Courtyard.  Bathroom is small, carpets are worn, elevator has some issues.  I wouldn't come back.
They do a good job at a good deal but negotiate and get yourself a great deal! Make the sales man work for his sale.
Of Course, Endless shrimp.  Doesn't get any better!  Try them all!!  Come early, there will be at least a 20 minute wait.
Free A/C, Comfortable chairs and cold bottled water while you wait!Plus these guys really helped me out. They were able to work within my budget. I was able to get 4 brand new tires and my car is good to go. The Guy I talked to was named Phillip and he went above and beyond in making sure I got a good service at an affordable price. Saved me from going out on the road with my more than bald tires.
The staff at this location were extremely helpful and friendly! My sister and I definitely needed all the help we could get and were pleasantly surprised by the assistance we received!
Best tomato basil soup ever! Philly cheesesteak sandwich was great too. Had lunch there several times. Fast , friendly service
Great food, excellent prices.Friendly service, and large portions.This may be a little place and not to fancy but excellent food. I love the garlic chicken
The Kung Pao Chicken and the Hot & Sour soup were amazing! Tom the owner and chef came to our table to be sure we were enjoying the food. Don't be fooled by the shopping center location - I give the food and service 5 stars.
Chicago style pizza with GREAT crust!  I would recommend this place to anyone.
Moved to this neighborhood ten years ago and was so happy to have a local family owned pizza shop and restaurant so close to home. After ten years still the best.
Delicious food and coffee! I liked the flavor of the cream in the coffee and the waitress was a very nice lady. I would go again soon which will be this Wednesday morning cause the food is deliciousness!
My wife and I had brunch. Waffles were great  and portions large. April and Young were  top notch we felt wecome from the minute we entered.
This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.
Great breakfast, great lunch, and a great atmosphere!  One of my favorite breakfast destinations.
They took all the young jeezy off the juke box. I feel betrayed and let down. I want to still like this place but how can I now? What's next? The frozen soundtrack?
Great staff. Outstanding service. Thank you Joe, Wolf, Cathy and Kyle.  Really know how to treat customers. If you decide to buy a used motorcycle from these people be prepared for helpful staff to assist you in finding the right bike. The guy in charge, Joe and my salesman, Wolf and Cathy, the lady who reminded me of the wife on the Sopranos(in a good way) took great care of me and made sure I got the right bike. There was an issue with the bike and service took care of it and got me a loaner. Great place.
We came here just for the guava cake!! It was very good. I asked my boyfriend to get it for me on my birthday. Such a unique flavor for a cake. I'll be back to try their food.
So delicious! Very fast, friendly, and delicious:-) teriyaki chicken is the best in my opinion but everything Ive had is great
Sooo BigSoo YummySooo homeySooo friendlySooo AlohaaaaSooo BigSoo YummySooo homeySooo friendlySooo Alohaaaa
Best Hawaiian food ever! We will be sure to come back next time we're in the area.
Yummy! This place is so perfect for a weekday brunch with my girlfriends! Fresh eggs, fresh juices and the best muffins ever. If you're really wanting to be adventurous go for the cream cheeses frosted cinnamon Roll!
Great food and good oldies! Quality place and will definitely be there again. Really good appetizers and solid meals!
Great food! Great service, officially my new favorite breakfast spot! Reasonable prices and the wait wasn't terrible even on a Sunday.
Awesome food with a small town feel. EVERYTHING on the menu is absolutely fantastic. The servers are usually friendly and timely.
Great staff. Friendly environment. The food was good. Great Starbucks flavor as usual. People were friendly and the prices were right as usual. It's Starbucks people, not the Taj Mahal
I loved the design and sparkles I got to my nails! My grandma said is was the best pedicure she ever got. Super clean and funny people.
Good service, clean. Really liked the service very nice and fast. No flat bread though kinda made me sad but oh we'll. great subway
Out of business as of 10/01/13.! Do not bother. This restaurant is no longer in business.
Super close to home, nice outdoor seating, good food. My 2.5 year old son isn't a huge fan of the food cause it usually comes out a bit hot, he gets frustrated, etc. but he loves the salsa! The staff is always pleasant.
Awesome service! Great people! Amazing Job!! Definitively will come back because we were satisfied with how beautiful our boy looked after!
Best Chinese food in town. Friendly service, generous food portions. Luv this place. We are from maricopa and always make an excuse to eat here. Mongolian beef, beef curry my favorites
Great service and good food!  Great for a couple drinks or any NFL game.The menu has tons of choices and all the staff is very attentive and friendly.
ordered cali roll. it was average. i just haaaate imitation crab!the service was great
Tremendous atmosphere, food and service.  Definitely a five star. If possible to award more than five stars, I would do so!
Fabulous food at reasonable prices. Treats customers and staff as family. Tamale so huge I couldn't eat anything else. Guacamole not to be missed!
Went for breakfast good prices, good serving and fresh food. Loved the pancakes.
I LOVE IVY! Great instructors, great classes - variety and healing. The different classes offer different styles of yoga for needs based on now. Today I may need relaxing and tomorrow I may need challenging. They have it all in a comfortable, warm environment.
Awesome italiano panini.  Different  and very tasty.  Will definitely be back soon.  Well worth the drive.
Garlic Cheese Knots and Fresh Mozzarella were amazing! And the Calzone is MASSIVE!!!  I will be back!!!
I emailed nypd, with no response from them. I expect much more from them as I usually recEive good customer service.  Oh well....
Best pizza in town and excellent service.  The kids like it a lot,  which helps it quite a bit.  The cheese knots are a must,  and the bruschetta pizza is the best one.  Really addictive.
Pizza by the slice.. crust is crunchy and just right:) We had a chance encounter with this place, by just driving by and decided to give it a whirl. Its a nice tiny eatery on the corner and it must be legit, because almost all the people ordering take-out and dining in were Italian.. We only tried the pizza by the slice, so cannot comment on anything else. Give it a try!
Poor customer service. Not friendly. The guy was helpful, but not the tall girl. Her response was short and wanted to kick us out soon.
Today was the last straw. I'm never coming here for a car wash again.First of all, half the staff act a whole lot like they have better things to do than work at a car wash. Most of them are standing around, chit chatting and not doing anything to help customers. Today I decided to drive up to the pumps near the car wash center instead of the ones at the actual gas station. I thought I would save time and would have to make less stops. WRONG. I drove up to a pump turn off my car and was about to fill up my tank, and then the man standing over this podium looks at me like he doesn't understand what I'm doing there. He tells me "this one is broken, go over there." Wow. Talk about manners. So why exactly is he standing there again? And why isn't the pump marked 'out of order'? I back out and pull up to a different pump. This next man was nicer, except he was so clueless. There wasn't a place to insert my card so I asked him if I can even pay right here, he says he doesn't know. But he doesn't think I can, and he doesn't know why. What? Lol.. But after he fills my tank he tells me to go all the way around and pay for both inside. Then come back to get my car washed. Which ultimately defeats the entire purpose of convenience. So I drive around to the front and after getting out of my car, I find that he didn't even put the cap back on and close it. Smh. Then when I'm inside paying I find out that what he should have told me is to leave my car there and walk in to pay, while a staff member DRIVES my car through the wash for me. So I complain to the cashier about how inconvenient this all is. She probably went out and told the guys outside because the second time coming around I pull up and I guess the manager? Comes out to tell me he's so sorry for the confusion and he "upgrades" my car wash. I thought that was cool but I'm still annoyed at how much of my time is being wasted. I don't understand what was so upgrading about my car wash though lol because my car was still dirty. Or was that because the man drying my car did a half ass job considering he spent such little time on it. Overall it was the worst but I'll throw in a pity star since I did get an apology from 1/5 people who made this a bad experience.
Margaritas are fantastic!! And I love their salsa and beans that come with the chips.  We usually fight over the beans, I build a fortress around them so people have to plot a plan to get them:) You think I'm kidding... but no. lol Last time I was here I had some chilis that were stuffed with shrimp... it was super delicious.  The inside is always clean, but I won't sit outside since I'm deathly afraid of birds, and they are all about the deck here. Cause people feed them! Come on now it's wild life... they need to know not to rely on food from humans. Oh well that's not the restaurants fault.
Drinking water cause they got the pepsi.  Food came out uncooked,  slow service. Server tried to tell me thats how it is.  really you serve mexican food with cheese that isn't melted?  No visit from a manager or anything. this is a place in need of a visit from restaurant impossible.  I won't be going back.
Love the patio. Great service and good food..We Had A Large Party and They Were Very attentibe
Great place to live. Very nice staff. They are always helping whenever they have a chance.
Service is great, waitress is fantastic.  Pizza muffins are a perfect idea, you could just have those and be happy but you would be missing out on a great pizza.
Super food and excellent service!  Our first time here but we will certainly be coming back.
Amazing food and wine selection! Live jazz band on Saturday and awesome ambiance. With so many wine choices I selected a Wine Flight to try 4 different wines samples (2oz each)
Great food!. Awesome atmosphere. Good service.  Love this place. I wish more restaurants would offer the low carb dish. Chandler's best kept secret.
The perfect dive bar. Stiff drinks desirable staff with knowledgeable staff. Stop in enjoy yourself its a good place.
Best chicken fried rice in town!! #76.  I've been coming to China Way for years.  Yes, it's located in a strip mall, yes it's small, and yes it may not look like a "fancy" place to find great chinese food.  Give China Way a chance and you won't regret it. You can expect great, affordable lunch specials, and friendly staff.  By far the chicken fried rice is the best.  It's well balanced in flavor and has a good mix of vegetables, eggs, scallions, and chicken.
Sit on the patio if you can. Great view! As for the food my two favorite menu items: 1) Hummus with Grilled Chicken if you don't want something too heavy; 2) Pesto Lavosh Turkey Wrap is a great option if you have a big appetite or want leftovers. Hands down my favorite place to either sit down or pick up to-go by my work in Chandler.
Great milkshakes, atmosphere, and bacon. The waitress was a sweetheart as well! Adore this diner dearly and I will definitely return.
Best version of a patty melt every! Naughty food super cheap. They had about a dozen shake flavors, banana was amazing. One is plenty for 2 to share. Service was excellent. Cute atmosphere.
I have been coming here for over 12 yrs and I have never been disappointed.  Great prices and service is always prompt Happy Fathers Day.. the diner kind of puts you in the mind of "Happy Days" and the prices and quality of food is hands down fantastic.
Best bfast place going.  Been coming here weekly for 7 years. Best value with weekday bfast special. Buy the coffee cup.
Average. Nothing to write home about. The chicken was plan, it felt like they just boiled the chicken in water and then shred it. The taco shell was really oily. First time there and it would be the last.
My favorite place so far for a breakfast burrito. Tasty and not greasy at all. Looking forward to trying other menu items.
Fast. Nice.  Easy parking. Perfect iced caramel macchiato and green tea lattes. Friendly staff.
Not open on Sunday..how about posting your hours on Yelp, that would be a big help!  I also wish they had a smaller size, I can't seem to even finish a small.
The hot vanilla is my favorite thing in the world!!! Mucho calories but bueno for a non-coffee drinker like myself. :) Also, it is probably one of my favorite studying spots, especially with Einsteins next door. THE best.
So apparently yelp doesnt like simple reviews and puts them as tips. So this is a filler. Other than that this place is Simply amazing. My number one spot aside from taharu :) get the shake and bake. So good
I get mostly sashimi when I go out for sushi.. Love the sashimi here! Very fresh and friendly service!
Service was very nice but the food was only ok. Kinda pricey. The pancakes were really good. The meals came out at different Times.  Eggs benedict was terrible.  The egg white breakfast rates great.  The restaurant was not very clean.  The bill was over $45 for three breakfasts. Way to expensive.
Yummy...Found so great sushi in Chandler.... We will definitely come again. BIG AND SPICY ROLL...
Fun for young kids.  Lots of birthday parties held here.Good music selection with a DJ.  Different token games for prize tickets. $1.00 slurpes spcial on Friday.2 cookies for a dollar.They sell pizza, wings and other items.  Kids can buy blinking lights or bring your own glow sticks.
Best Spicy Teriyaki EVER!!! If you love teriyaki chicken then you need to try Tokyo House. I was introduced to this place a couple years ago and have been in love ever since! Quality is always the same, always amazing!!!
This by far is the best Vietnamese Restaurant! We live in North Scottsdale and are always down to make the drive for Cyclo. We haven't had anything we didn't like! The owner is amazing and the rest if the team is super friendly as well.Need suggestions?... The Pho is Amazing! Want to try something different?.. Go for the Fried Rice Cakes with seafood, veggies, and beef! To start be sure to order the Vietnamese Egg Rolls, Green Beans, and Black Bean Shrimp! We always end our meal with an iced Vietnamese coffee. Better than any others. And don't forget-- it's byob!
So far so good, nice service, fancy water, good tea.  Ordered the beef soup totally awesome !
Greatest Starbucks on earth. Baristas are awesome and they keep it personal by remembering my name.
Radicchio on the fly! Had just what I needed and always very friendly and helpful.
Lots of 'life is pain' type people, but friendly. My son wanted to go in there to look around for a shirt. I really liked their level of customer service. The guy that helped us was very friendly and joked around with us. He was suggesting some other shirts for my son and even went to the back to bring out some new stuff that hadn't hit the floor yet because they were all out of the shirt he wanted.
This store is awesome. Very nice staff.  I love this place.  They were very patient with my autistic child and even showed him the star wars bb-8. Thank you Robin. Your awesome. I love this store. I plan on buying my holiday gifts here
Great store! Really clean, great service, and they fixed my iPhone! They actually gave me a whole new phone. That's why I choose Apple over droid every day!
Helzberg used to be my favorite jewelry store, they seemed reasonably priced and had some friendly sales people.  With my latest experience that has all changed.  I brought in my engagement ring to get a small diamond in the band part replaced that had been lost.  This is a fairly standard sub $100 service that jewelers provide.  As expected, Helzberg took the job and said they'd have it back in a week.  No problem initially.  Upon coming back in to pick it up, the replaced diamond was extremely obvious and the ring was no longer round.  Completely obvious mistakes, visible to the naked eye.  Upon a comment they agreed to take it back (though it wasn't the friendliest exchange).  Guess what? I come back to pick it up, and again the new small diamond is uneven with the rest in the line, at least the ring is the right shape this time.  Upon a discussion I was told "that's not the diamond we replaced".  Are you **** kidding?  To lie directly to my face is unforgivable.  I commented as such and the manager came out.  This is really when the shocking part begins.  After a 10 minute wait and a clearly visible discussion with the jeweler in the back (whom I'm apparently not allowed to speak to directly) she comes out and tells me again that the diamond I'm pointing out isn't the one they fixed.  I even found the documentation that they wrote up where it clearly showed the diamond that is still wrong being the one that they claim to have worked on.  Even after agreeing to take it back, they never agreed that this is the diamond they were working on.  I should have just taken the ring back at that point (clearly), but I still had some hope they could redeem themselves.  A week later, I come back to get the ring and its finally mostly fixed.  But the new diamond mount still has a sharp edge that can catch on clothing, its bound to get loose and end up loosing the same one again.  In addition, the platinum is discolored where they put heat to it.  This is the least professional work I have ever seen with some of the worst customer service.  I gave up and decided to take it (to get it fixed elsewhere).  Upon exit, the manager informed me that the original manufacturer actually will replace diamonds for free.  That would have been good to know at the beginning.  A real craftsman who doesn't think they can do a good job would inform you of this up front and offer to help you find the best solution, a dishonest one makes it sound like it is the customer's fault for even bringing the item to this store in the first place when clearly you should just go back to the manufacturer (which I will clearly do next time).I really did like Helzberg, but now I will never be back (at least not to this location).  If this is what can be expected from Helzberg, Berkshire Hathaway should seriously consider divesting, in the long run, dishonest businesses aren't profitable.  And in this case, the manager choose too fire a long time customer over a $100 service over issues that could have easily been avoided.  Is a customer worth that little? Do some 2nd grade math and you can figure out that keeping a customer at a high margin jewelry store is worth way more than a mere $100.Warning to all Yelpers...never buy anything here or contract any service.  Follow this simple rule, if you ever feel pressured, trapped or scared while buying anything, DON'T BUY IT and leave immediately.  In this store, you're bound to feel all of these emotions at some point.To all Men looking for engagement rings, shop around and find something you really like, do your research, and get more for your money.  You'll be glad you did (my husband sure is glad we didn't buy from here in the first place and so am I).
Tacos Tuesdays has $1.50 fish tacos.  It is that simple.  They are fried and have some sauce that probably isn't that good for you, non-organic corn tortillas, but, I love it anyway.
Don't go here!!!   They will tell you ANYTHING to get you to sign!!!I was told my payments would be $450.   I explained that I did not want to waste my time if they wouldn't be able to help me.  Like every other dealership, they will lie to you about everything and then try to talk you into the payment.  Mine went up to $760 from $450!  Save yourself time and go to Sands Chevrolet in Glendale.  They are up front and willing to work with you.
Grabbing some lunch after archery!We stopped in here for lunch since it is right next store to Archery Headquarters. This place is tiny, has about 8 - 10 tables and a few tables outside.The place was packed and now we know why. They only serve breakfast and lunch. I personally had the Philly Cheese-steak - which was good, wish the cheese was melted more. I didn't feel that the inside of the sandwich was hot. That was a bummer, but it did taste good.Both Heather and Austin had a BLT and the fries. The BLTS' were VERY good! The Fries were the skinny ones and they were very good. Lightly salted which made them even better.Over all this place is good. I will return and try something different next time though.
Great little breakfast spot! It's small and cozy. Quick service and the kitchen churns out good food very quickly. The corned beef hash was amazing and my eggs were perfect. Highly recommend if your looking for an awesome small business breakfast joint!
Magical Melissa took good care of us.  Great food, atmosphere and service.   Will definitely return.
Great place endless shrimp on the menu. Full to the rim. Kids loved it but they need to learn to me more shrimp. Pss
This food is fantastic!!! Very authentic and so yummy. Everything tasted so good. The presentation was marvelous! They really care about this. The vegetables were so fresh! I enjoyed every bit of this food. The server was also so kind, nice and attentive. My new fave restaurant. Prices were so reasonable too. It may not be glamorous in appearance but if you know anything about excellent authentic ethnic food the restaurants never look like much but the food is excellent!!!
The MVP is awesome and Jackie is a great stylist and funny. Not rushed in n out like some other places.
Solid work and craftsmanship. The repair took some time due to the availability of the lens but the work was done to perfection.
Good Happy Hour prices...full sized appetizers for less than half the price...$5 and and most are around $12 normally. Plus $5 tall Mojitos. Usually hit the Chandler Mall location on a day of shopping, and have never had a bad meal and service always good
Who doesn't love the cheesecake factory? Can't complain, service was great! Food always taste the same no matter which one you go to.
Love their cheesecake it is good for your soul. The atmosphere is good and the food is great as well. Recommend this place to all I see
Sat happy hour 11am-2pmI love Kona Grill. It's great for lunch, great for dinner, great for happy hour. I love their sushi! Especially the volcano roll.The Macadamia chicken is a dish of heaven. Pineapple papaya marmalade mmmmmm with shoyu sauce over the mashed potatoes. It's amazing. Drinks can't be beat, either. They are always presented beautifully. The service was great, too.
The tuna is sooooo freakin fresh great service, what else can ask for on a laid back Saturday
The hair that was baked into my muffin was not as delicious as some may believe. Watch for hairs before you bite into your muffin. ;) Luckily the service, especially the guy at the register(Oliver), were really nice and made the experience better.
Absolute favorite for breakfast. The banana walnut pancakes, sausage and egg sandwich, frittatas, oatmeal are all great. Love the house blend and passion tea. Nice atmosphere. And there have been times we've carried our. They package the meals very nicely.
I love Yankee Candles. The customer here is above and beyond. They make great presents for the holidays
Love their chips and salsa's, sangria swirl margaritas are delicious too! Great happy hour and service!
the Worst Customer Service ever ! Store manager sucks ! Don't spend 1cent here ! We spent over $4k here and still was treated like shit ! Fuck you sears !
Loved my strawberry chicken poppy seed salad!! Would have added some tasty cookies if I wasn't watching my calories :) I always have great service and food at this mall location.
Good after work happy hour!Great lite lunch selections and always seating at the hi-tops at the bar.Z' Tejas is a solid standby.
Manager was rude ruined the entire experience for us. The food was good and the waitress was good. Won't bring my family here until they get new management.
Best margaritas ever!!! Food isn't bad either. I've been going here for few years and can't ever get enough.
While in Az i Had a hankering for the Chambord Margarita!!!! Mmmmm! Muy bueno! Oh and the pecan crusted salad was great too!
With the woman in my life enjoying an awesome dinner ! Great Margaritas! You must try the frozen one.
This place is good!! Never can go wrong with the lettuce wraps! It can be kinda of pricy tho.
Very yummy, I had the pepper steak, had a kick to it. Would recommend! Nice and fancy place, very chill vibes. A lot of booth seating
Wow!  What a great steakhouse with such a nice ambiance.The wait staff is superb, very professional and taught very well.  They use technology and everyone is welcoming. They educate on each wine that they offer.We had such a fun experience with Moscato and Moscow Mules but got down to business with the wonderfully enjoyable food they served.I had the peppercorn steak with chipotle mac and cheese and sauteed mushrooms.  The dish was well done and its actually making me salivate as I remember how tasty it was. Worth every dime.
Yummy food, good beer, tasty peanuts to snack on, and lots of football on tv. Very good place to take the family but still have some "adult" fun.
Drove by two weeks ago and the store was empty and the sign gone. Was very sad I believe most scrapbook stores are gone now.
Megan did a great job! I was nervous with how they'd do my nails but I was surprised and satisfied. Would definitely recommend
Having some sushi at Temari in Gilbert.  Sake is the owner, has a binder with new creations he thinks of on a daily basis.  I would highly recommend this place for great Sushi!!!!
Omg! By far the BEST SUSHI in the Valley! Wow! The Crab Nigeria, the Special Spicy Tuna Roll and Salmon Nigeria highly recommended! So fresh! Do not mistake their small storefront for the delights that await inside!  So excited for our new find!
Never get tires at Fletcher! Horrible customer service! Bought my tires new from them, had a flat and yes they fixed the flat. They through the spare in my trunk with out putting it back in right. Didn't even bother to check the air pressure in the other tires and a month later when the tire went flat again the guy told me it would be at LEAST a 2-3 hour wait! To fix a flat???
For a taco shop, those were some pretty tasteless tacos!  I was so uninspired with what I was served that I did not even take a picture. My wife had fish tacos that were dry and also tasteless.
Saw a live band at Crabby Don's. This was the first time I've been to this little dive bar. The location was pretty funky - graffiti art on the wall behind the band. The bar seemed fully stocked top to bottom shelf.  For a small dive the tap selection is AWESOME.Since it was really loud, we ordered from the Bar Keep with a series of hand gestures. It was funny but very effective.  The bar is technically two pieces, one side for live music and one side for the "drinking crowd" I also saw that they serve food, which I wish I had tried some, because it smelled pretty good.Overall, it was a dive bar, with a great beer selection.
They have great bands but don't seem to promote them??? They could make this bar more popular if they added bands on their websites event page and posted on facebook upcoming bands. It really could of been more packed. Not many people here for a Saturday night.
Beautiful flowers and all high quality ! I will order some flowers and have them delievered to my fiance and they always are lovely
The bagels are very average. Not horrid but now thing crave worthy either. Buying them at a grocery store is as good or better. Not worth the price to us.
Defiantly not the best Mexican food. Pollo Rico was dry. Chips and salsa tasted like pace.
Excellent food, friendly service.  I had the Cashew Chicken and it had the most flavor of any Chinese restaurant I've had in the east valley.
Great service. They were prompt and professional.  I had a very short wait at exam and pick up visits. Staff was cheerful and friendly.
I've been to the Liberty Market several times and they never disappoint.  The men in my family always go for the wood fired pizzas (which are superb).. but for those who want a healthier option--their salads make for filling and guilt-free eating.  The place is always moderately busy, but never so packed that you can't get prompt service.  Plus, there is plenty of inside and outdoor/patio area to park your plates.  Even the bathrooms are well kept and clean.  This place has become a family staple.Fair Warning:  The red velvet cake will make you an addict.
Excellent food. Great Service. Very Friendly staff a great place to go to. We ate breakfast here the other day and totally enjoyed it. Will definitely be going back again.
Slowest. Service. Ever. The high school girl at the counter (8/16/14) didn't know how to take an order and move people, and the seating host stood around chit-chatting as the line was to the door.To make matters worse, they then ask for a tip after making you wait in line just to order.If they're going to do a cafeteria style restaurant they should have cafeteria style prices and not expect a tip from someone who just waited in like for 20-30 minutes. Fortunately the food and coffee were good, but I'm not sure if it's worth the hassle.
We love Liberty! Cool atmosphere, great food , exceptional coffees. We frequent regularly and it's always consistent.
My favorite place for Red Velvet Cake. They also have special burgers all the time. The atmosphere is really unique and I always leave full.
Great food. Great staff. Great ambience. Need I say more. I've been there for breakfast, and I have a really hard time diverting from the Denver Scramble.  You also can't beat their egg salad sandwich for lunch. It's part of the Joe's BBQ/Joe's Farm Grill restaurants, and this one backs up those others with just as awesome of an experience.
Unique restaurant in downtown Gilbert.  Flavorful food.  Seating can be limited at times
There is nothing better than coming by with the buds and getting a good bite ! It is generally  busy so make sure you get there early.
Super nice staff, very helpful. I had my check engine light come on and one of the guys came out no problem and addressed the situation
Great food ,service and worth the wait. Staff is awesome and food is high quality and priced right. Best tuna sandwich I have had in a long time. Wish they could take over the space where Liberty Market is. Was in there one day and they prepared a meal for what appeared to be a homeless man. They were generous and kind and treated him with dignity. Very Impressed with the experience.
YUM! We love this place! Great, homie atmosphere and the food is made with love!! Their omelets are fluffy an delicious but I crave their home fries. You are always welcomed with a smile!
Best sandwiches in the valley. The bread is so good. My favorite is Philly cheesesteak
Great Food and Great Service!!!!  The prickly pear chicken sandwich is da bomb!!  Also, Blueberry Cobbler is unbelievable!
Love burrito shack. Don't ever let the looks of it fool you. Great food, nice people and did I mention great food?!?!I was skeptical about going to the Burrito shack at first, but once I did I get it pretty often. I have not tried many things because I am stuck on one burrito because it is so good. The service is always friendly and even when the wait is long they still get your food to you as fast as possible and my order is always correct.
Great place for an amazing breakfast burritos. My family and I went and loved everything we bought.
Had a blast. The friendliest people. A great way to spend a afternoon. I'm from Texas and they made me feel right at home.
Great service, delicious food, pleasant atmosphere!! We enjoy our time at Rudy's, our food is always well prepared!
Great atmosphere. Qualified stylists. And very knowledgeable. They use olaplex! This salon has been in QC for 12 years. Very nice down to earth people in a homey atmosphere. Highly recommended!
My favorite sushi place. Hands down. They have the best salad dressing. The volcano roll is my favorite. It's topped with salmon tuna and scallops. They have really good dinner and lunch specials.
Personable, cold beer & good company. We enjoy coming in, kids love spaghetti & they have a special of baked chicken sandwich with green chili that is fabulous! Cheese curds are ok (says the girl from Wi) so normal people will love them!!
Awesome food. Great prices! Super service. We went there two nights in a row.  Grilled salmon tacos are delicious as is the chicken Madeira. Great beer selection.
Always an enjoyable and rather affordable outing with my 3 girls.  They each have there favorite thing to do or see there and it is always an affordable good time.They all love the railroad car museum, especially my 10 year old.  The 5 year old loves the carousel and the 7 year old can't get enough rides in the caboose on the train!Make sure to take your out of town visitors that have kids to this unique part of Phoenix/Scottsdale.
Their live music on Sunday night's is great! The staff is always nice and the park is clean and kept up well, which I always apprecaite. They are dog-friendly as well, so furbabies are welcomed!
My favorite nail place. Each girl is great and they do an amazing job. They are priced well and give back massages while your nails dry. Highly recommend this place.
Very good and friendly place everything freshPastrami very good.Great spoke for Deli food
Great thin crust pizza. Best Frys and roat beer u can get. You must try. Very Quint and family oriented. Little slices make it easy to eat too.
Simply the best sushi in the valley! I have been at 2 of their locations: Scottsdale and Glendale and they are amazing! We love it and always go there with family and friends.
Manager contacted me via Yelp and committed to address my concerns.  Still not happy with prices but you have to admire active management.  Upgraded from 1 to 3 stars.  My previous review:Way to expensive for Jewish peasant food!  Will not return until prices come down!!! Ridiculous $21 for Bagel and smoked fish!!!  Criminal!  The waitress was the ONLY bright spot.  Resting on their laurels!!
My go to for a Hawaiian Ribeye.  Can go wrong with the spinach dip.   Artichoke hearts are to die for.
Low key day spa with excellent yoga classes! I haven't used the actual spa, so I can't comment on that.  The overall facility is clean, well staffed, with a relaxing atmosphere.  There is a small assortment of yoga and spa gear in the lobby to shop or kill time while waiting for a class. The yoga classroom is just the right size for a small-medium sized class.  It can get a little crowded for the more popular classes, but it still feels welcoming.  The room is not kept in the usual air conditioned deep freeze (which I appreciate), so your muscles can remain warm and loose.  I don't really enjoy the extreme heat of Bikram, so this is a nice compromise.  I don't know how this will fair during the Phoenician summers, but for now I am enjoying.Check it out!
Yucky yucky yuck pizza undercooked and bbq chkn looking like charcoal at least we got refunded right away big mess of food. Yikes defy will not order again.
pretty fast! Quality is consistent, and their cinnamon breadsticks are irresistable. They have been Adding new options which ive taken advantave of through their online coupons - such amazing deals
Clean but not what we expected as far as the room. It's close to shopping and restaraunts so the location was good. The rooms were plain and not as nice as I expected for a Hilton
I remember eating at this place prior to my Yelping, and so returned there just today. The food is still good (not great), and while this is maybe more a 3.5 star review, the service was so nice and personable I'm willing to spot them the difference.Open hours are wrong as listed. Sun-Th 7 AM - 10 PM, F-Sat. 7 AM - midnight.
Cold cheese fries....should have gone to Sonic.  At least I could have stayed in the car.
Great neighborhood Deli, Bring cash, great food
Been using them for years. Great work and customer service! ! I would highly recommend them!
Great burgers, plenty of tvs for all the games!  This place would be crazy during a football game, or any sports game that matters (oh, wait, I already said football).  There isn't a bad seat in the house, there is a lounge if you just want to kick back on a couch and watch game with a frosty cold one.  Definitely a place worth going for good food, good sports, and cold beer.
Shawarma is to die for !! Family owned restaurant!! Not related to other gyro places in town.
Love this place!  My daughter wants to be a dentist!  The office staff was energetic and friendly.  As we waited for the dentist to come over, they gave my daughter an iPad to play with.  I highly recommend this place.
Love this place!  Bar is cool!  Great chocolate soufflé!  We love to go hang out at the Bar and drink wine and desert.  We frequently come in for lunch and usually order the zinc burger.
Love this place!  Bar is cool!  Great chocolate soufflé! Wonderful ambiance.  The soufflé is huge so nice to share with someone. The sauce You can add orange grand marnier .  The sparkling Eiffel Tower so beautiful and elegant.   Wine and Chocolate, doesn't get much better.
Three times ate there with my family three times went home vomiting!! Over priced!! Rude customer service .. Wow get real rinaldi deli!!
Worst sausage and peppers sandwich ever.  I would not waste my money or time.  My son ordered a meatball sub that was served on a hamburger bun.  The service was far from friendly.
Excellent!  Great food and wonderful service!  The waiter was really good.  He gave many suggestions on what to order.  I got the chicken (the one that is Parmesan crusted) and my husband got the pork.  I also ordered the crab soup and the waiter brought over for us to try (didn't charge us) the Tortilla soup.  Everything was delicious!  Dave was our waiter and he was fantastic!
I have stayed at this hotel while hosting two conferences for work. The rooms are nice and the staff is helpful. Love the Westin workout! Best hotel gym I've ever seen. It also has nice places to hang out.
Awesome free tire checking!!!
Best place for all your tire and wheel needs...here for my free tire repair, wheel balance and rotation.
These guys work hard and do a good job.  Not too much up sell.  Clean and comfortable inside
Just went to them for the first time and they were fabulous! Claudia and Tammy are very sweet! All the women in there for an appointment were chatting away like they have known each other for ever! One lady said she had been going to the salon for 10 years! Claudia made a point to really talk to me, ask me about myself and she seemed like she sincerely wanted to know. The salon is small and very intimate... you don't just feel like a customer when you walk in, you feel like a friend.
Off track betting in a neighborhood bar!  Great happy hour deals and friendly staff.  Bathroom was dirty and small. But no real complaints.
I hate this place. I feel like everyone here is party of wanna be redneck clique....Never again
Simply the best vets I have ever used! I take all of my dogs and cats there and have been for the past couple of years. Dr. Lopez and Dr. Bessmer are the best and we trust them completely.
BEWARE!!!they claim to sell authentic brands of purses like Coach. Totally fake!also the woman that works there follows you around like you're gonna steal something!! I should have read these reviews first!
Excellent dentist. Excellent staff. Always courteous, friendly and professional.Dr. ROUHANI not only does great work, he is always cost conscious and offers more than one option when reasonable.
Great service, great food and great atmosphere. Will be going back soon. I was also surprised by the location in a strip mall. But then that's Phoenix for you. When you get inside, all of my apprehension melted away. Perfect calamari, amazingly soft gnocchi and tortellini and veal prepared in a great lemon caper sauce. Next time I'll get the Branzino of its on the special again.
Tuna tataki it's where it's at. Ra does a good job with it's Sashimi dishes, but comes up short with it's rolls. The six that my group ordered all derived from Califormia rolls which are safe and boring. I ordered:Tropical Roll with, " Cucumber, mango & avocado rolled & topped with spinach tempura bits, spicy shrimp mixed with masago & mango salsa," Unfortunately the mix was so cold that it was flavorless. I tried to let it sit until last, and ate my other food, but it wasn't good. I ended up leaving it on the table. The Ultimate Shrimp Tempura: with, " Spicy kani kama crab mix, cucumber & shrimp tempura rolled & topped with seared tuna & avocado." It tasted like a california with avocado and resembled a rainbow roll. There was little flavor from the shrimp tempura,as the boring crab mix took up most of the rollTuna Tataki: "Thinly sliced, seared ahi tuna; served with an onion soy vinaigrette" This happens to be my favorite item on the menu, and is the reason I keep coming back to Ra. The sauce is perfect with the tuna, and it's sliced perfectly. Everything about this dish is perfection.Overall, RA is a nice place to sit back and relax, but the menu is boring except for a few items. At the table there were 7 items overall, but only one warranted a second bite.
Seriously good ice cream!! Mint mint chocolate chip!!! I really thought the young folks behind the counter were outgoing and seemed to enjoy their jobs. That always makes me happy to see, as I feel I am supporting a good employer!
Amazing people, amazing skills. First class customer service. Magic hands.  I took a clock in to see if they could find a replacement for the clock mechanics part. She took it, held it, looked at for a few seconds and it started working.  No charge. Should have taken it in way before this.
Awesome job!! This is Normans new hangout! Awesome staff, great prices! And when using yelp you get a discount and free teeth brushing!
Make sure they know if u r in a hurry.  Was disappointed bc I called ahead and gave very specific directions (Please make sure the 3 dozen bialy's are in plastic bags bc I need to pack them in my suitcase.  Unfortunately, they were not and I had to make the taxi wait...  costing me more money.  UGH!  In the long run, it ended up costing $72 for 39 bialys (including taxi)
Kari is awesome. Best mimosa around. The food is unique and tasty and they are open most Holidays.
Try the morning pile up, very good, filling and has a little bit of everything! Everybody was happy with their meals. Food cooked perfectly.
Be sure to save up for the $3000 coffee machine they demo'd for me! Nuts! I could never imagine paying as much for a coffee machine as I would for a used car!I am really wanting to take one of the cooking classes they offer here. Soon maybe... Hoping for a Sur Le Table Groupon!
I have been going to this olive garden for more then 10 years and i love it! The service is always helpful and they always seat us asap. My family always goes to olive garden to unwind and the food is always amazing
L8 Nite Bingo Is Good Clean Fun!! Non smoking area huge and a big 1000 seat bingo room!!
If you're here for lunch, do the lunch combo: mixed tempura and fried oysters!Sushi is great here is well. The atmosphere is kinda tight and noisy but during lunch hours on weekdays it is to be expected with all the business people who come here for feeding time. The lunch menu is decently priced and the food is great and the service is awesome.
Bombastic. No more words needed when explosions are going on in your mouth.The salmon sushi was amazing, you can just feel it melting in your mouth. The hamachi was amazing. It was red, nit yellow. Mund blowing.
Best sushi in Arizona!!! Come here all the time, it's right down the street. Found it on Yelp. I'm from NY and it is right up there with some of the best sushi I've had.
Always good.  Staff is great.  Very fast when you are just having a quick lunch.  Staff goes out of there way to make sure you are comfortable.   Great for business meetings to overly loud for a bar
"Shit food" is not a swear Mr. Managermenu said item was marinated and sautéed but it was just raw veggies wrapped in a pita...the manager disagreed and said it was sautéed and marinated...The food is tasteless...
Fabulous fresh food; friendly staff; clean nice location. It's like most Chipotles out there - good value for money.
I went in and ate almost an entire bowl and then I looked at the chicken... I was served green chicken... Enough said
Chipotle chicken sandwich is bomb!  This is the closest location in North Scottsdale off of Shea and the 101.  It's never too busy to get a quick bite to eat here.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  I hope they stay in business because no other sandwich is made like a Schlotzky's sandwich!
Fish bones in my sushi, ick! Chew carefully. ..Also, if coming on your lunch break, they have great lunch deals! The main problem that I have since I pretty much come here everyday, is there is NO PLACE TO SIT! There is a designated eating area, with tables, couches, you name it . . . but everyday the retirement home ladies set up camp at all the tables and play board games. I find this very rude because they aren't even fry's customers. they did not buy a thing, yet they are taking up all the space. Not to sound like a completely rude child, but they gotta go. I need to eat my lunch and not outside.
Great service and great times!! Nothing like beer and bowling. I will return and look forward to the live DJ.
Horrible service and hot drinks. Also had multiple u tinsel that were dirty. When i spoke with the manager she commented that the dishes at times get dirty because of the queso. On top of all that, the food was smothered in cheese to cover the dense content inside.
Best wings and fries ever! Nowhere else compares, when we want great wings Zipps is the only place that will do the trick! Writing this review makes me want to go there now!
Excellent customer service.  So very clean.  Love this place.  They have a free truck you can use anytime while your items our in storage.  What a deal. They also were so understanding that my move date kept changing and held the unit for me.  Very happy customer.
Amazing!!! Bring your golf clubs because there is a nice one right next door.  Staff were friendly and the place is amazing!!! I was staying for business and didn't get to explore the resort thoroughly, but for what I did experience it was definitely a 5 star!!!
Ordered delivery. These people forgot to give us rice and utensils. Wtf? We asked for fried rice when we ordered too. Guess I'll eat my beef broccoli with my hands and pretend I have rice.
I was happy with the ginger chicken!  They were very friendly and quick.  My diet coke was flat though so I got tea instead.
Really love the soup and bbq pork slices. We got plenty of food and enjoyed it lots. Lits of fresh veggies!
This is one of the best Chinese food places in Scottsdale.  Highly recommended. The staff here is AWESOME and I love coming here
Steve's is great! Good food and polite service. Love the omelets but everything on the menu is good.
The rooms are a bit ratty. The staff is unhelpful and rude.ll the rooms are designated nonsmoking.  Unfortunately that seems to be universally ignored. Meeting room lighting is inadequate. AV facilities are ineffective.
Hotel is nice but shitty service, need an attitude adjustment. Coffee bar was open almost an hour late. In the lounge we were rush ordering drinks
Nicest people, always clean and organized. Open late. Cashiers are always quick and friendly. Shelves always stocked.
I love this nail salon already! They got new massage chairs! Which are wonderful! This nail salon is so busy that I hate to post this. I like the few older girls. There friendly, quick and excellent
I had the strawberry salad and it was very fresh. The service was very good also. My wife and I ate here several times during our visit to Scottsdale, AZ and we were always pleased with the food, service and prices.
I always remark to myself about the professional demeanor of the people who work here.Walt runs a tight ship.
Great spot to Chill out :).  Kids having a blast learning some skills.  Come check it out, coaches are awesome with the kids.
This place is awesome! They are great with kids and the staff is friendly. I wish they were many more places like this when I was kid . Defenitely would recommend.
Great drinks, terrible service! We went in on 2/25/2015 at 9am. We waited 10 minutes for our drinks when we were the only customers. The ladies were making other drinks ahead of us as we watched. I said thank you for our drinks with no response. There are "now hiring" signs all over in this location and I see why, the current employees are rude and unpleasant!
This is by far the best place in the valley.  I have been to several other places around and I think this place goes above and beyond.  On my most recent visit, I had a pedicure and a shellac manicure.  The pedicure was great and lasted over three weeks.  They took time to make sure that they did not paint on my cuticles which is a huge pet peeve of mine.  When they did my shellac, they put sunscreen on my hands to protect them from the UV light.  I really appreciated that.  This is the only place I have ever been that does that.  My shellac was perfect and was not on my cuticles at all.
These guys are amazing. Excellent service every time. Love the way they take care of the customer as well the vehicle
Outlet closes at 2:30 so plan ahead!This place is fabulousOur friends told us about this place and I am so glad I made time to go.  The bread is fresh and delicious and $.50 a loaf.  Yes, fifty cents!
Meh. It was OK. Wayyyy too much mayo on top of one of the special rolls. Fortunately they let us have happy hour pricing 10minutes before it ended. Otherwise I would have given it two stars. Recommended by a friend, she must have had something else. At least the sushi tasted somewhat fresh.
Great dining experience tonight. Great food and awesome service!  The staff is amazing and love the patio.
this location is closed. no longer in business. im adding more info because this program wants me to write a certain number of characters. just letting everyone that you can drive there but it is no longer a quiznos. there yelp, is that enough info for ya!by the way...i love quiznos sandwiches!
Best install in the valley !! For window tinting, and customization for cars. One stop shop would take my car anywhere else
Best install in the valley !! For window tinting, and customization for cars. One stop shop wouldn't take my car anywhere else.
On time, comfortable ride friendly driver. I would definitely it them the next time I'm head out to Phoenix
Very friendly service. Hot fresh food. They bring the food out to you. If not busy they come out and take your trays if your done. Kept clean and they would clean between the orders.
Best car buying experience ever thanks to Lou Gordon, love the new GLK 350! I have purchased a lot of vehicles and this was by far the best experience yet, top notch performance by all involved and one of the most attractive dealerships you could ever want to enter and be sure to visit the in house cafe, nice touch.
Great beers great food what more could you ask for?!
I love the Peach ale !!I like this place . Great food and great service.My husband and I had a great time.
Stout amazing...grilled wings amazing... Highly recommend them. Chicken enchiladas are great too.
It's really good! The burgers are yummy and the French dip is awesome!The service is great, everyone is very friendly.It's always packed and can get really loud. I think that's the only thing I don't like about this place.
Four Peaks has great beer!  Ky was a great server!  We had a fun night there! We'll be back soon!
I'm from New York and these are the best bagels I've had in the area! Always great service as well! I always recommend this place to people, so much better than all the crap bagel chains in Arizona!
What can you say it is Home Depot. Just awesome for any home improvement projects. You cannot beat the price availability and selection at the store.
Don't show up at 7:56 on Sunday. The store closes at 8. You'll be turned away. Not the place to go if you're looking for "helpful" hardware professionals.
Always good.  Staff pleasant and attentive and the food portions are generous.  We are regulars.  Highly recommend the spinach enchiladas or taco salad.  Both are excellent
Hair in popcorn.  Not once but twice...  Wrong soda on first visit.  No one should have to leave a movie to go complain to management.  That's only adding insult to injury.  I don't mind the small theater's but tall folks heads can get in the way on the rare occasion.
Easton  ashe  playing today, it's amazing outside today.  You need to find your spot and try the wines.   We spent time at the Spotted Donkey and enjoyed a few cold beverages and yummy food.   El Pedregal is really trying to get traffic thru the plaza by bring great entertainment each and every Sunday in the Spring and Fall.    The crowds are pleasant and always a nice breeze thru the plaza to enjoy the concert.    I recommend trying a few events and visiting the merchants in the plaza.
Mmm, good coffee!  And they have stevia too.  Had quite a few dinner events here for work.  Sometimes I walk over there breakfast.  It really is a pretty special property.
Delish, fresh and grilled. Super friendly and really helpful with the menu! The chipotle orange salad with blackened mahi was just the right amount of spicy!
The Inebriator stout. Epic!$3.00 at happy hour... Awesome!
This Safeway is huge and very nice. Great pharmacy and the staff is very helpful! They also have a Starbucks inside and a great choice of deli sandwiches.
One of the best bagel shops in the valley. Always fresh and the portions are huge! If you are in the mood for bagels  this is on the top of my list.
Great food, and the staff is always extremely friendly. I frequent this spot several times a week and it's great that the staff knows my 'usual' so I'm in and out quickly on my way to work.
You could get better food from a concentration camp. I'm not sure how this place stays open.
I enjoy their food, especially the sesame chicken and crab puffs. They have really low prices and really good service.
New to Fountain Hills....after reading many reviews on the FH Connection I thought I would give it a try....WORST PIZZA EVER!! Better off buying a frozen Tombstone!
Staff cordial and very friendly. Had a great BLT. Beautiful view of the golf course.They even accommodated a special request to make 1/2 sandwich. Everyone should give it a taste test.
Friendliest bar in town.   Great staff and customersPlease stop by and enjoy the cold cheep beers.
This is the best pizza in Fountain Hills.  That's all you need to know.  Ok, that and they have a few local beers from SanTan which is awesome, too.
Much better service than last time.I'm going back to this Denny's. The places looks great too after the remodel
Very courteous and helpful. Made mailing my UPS and FedEx packages super easy. He even taped up my package for me free of charge. Stop at Target or the nearby Walgreens on your way if you want cheaper packaging. It's a business, you pay for convenience. Overall, a very positive experience.
Quick service and love that they are family oriented.  My son needed a quick tire change and they were extremely nice.
$13.00 for wash, vacuum, air freshener, interior & exterior windows and surfaces. Not a bad deal. They are quick and professional. They weren't spectacularly thorough, but for the price they were just what I needed.
Worst traffic management at any stadium in America. It took us 20 minutes to get from the corner to the lot.
Nice & healthy juices!!!  Great selection!  Whole Foods just have so many awesome offerings, not just juices but also a ton of healthy food and snack choices, fresh produce, alternatives to a much healthier diet and way of life.  Customer service rocks too!  The moment you look like you're lost or confused and walking around in circles, an employee is bound to ask you if you need help and help they do with a smile and courteousness...  I love this Whole Foods Market!!!
I love their Gobbler!! So yummy !! The sandwich makers are fast. They have delicious homemade soups, especially the broccoli cheddar soup!!
Server Christina was outstanding!!! Brandon cooked one hell of a bone-in ribeye!!! Everything was cooked as ordered including the well done blooming onion.
This place is fun to walk around in however most everything is on the cheapo side. You will be bugged by every putz trying to sell you a new cell phone contract, cheap plastic jewelry, those stupid magnet bracelets.It a step above a flea market but interesting and Free AC. The movie theater is nice. Take a picture with your phone of the building from your car, it will help you find where you parked later.
Park near the lights people! Where Zia used to cut through the mall, they are now closed. However, Forever 21 does the same thing so you don't have to walk all around the mall. Plus you can pick up some goodies while you are in there. I don't recommend going on the weekends because this place gets really swamped like no other.
Nice outlet mall. Lots of store to go shop. Nice and quiet. Not to mamy ppl. Security everywhere. Lots of food to chose from.
It's so whack! Can't drink out there until 2 or, something. Smh. Way too simple on top of the fact that you have to wait until the end of the day to do anything.
Best quick MEXICAN food in Tempe! Hands down they always accommodate any special orders with a smile. I won't eat anywhere else.
The Applebee's of seafood with all the ambiance of a Costco. Waitress was friendly. Lobster was a little overcooked. Our appetizer came late so they gave it to us for free. I can't complain.
Absolutely delicious food and friendly staff. I have never been disappointed. The place could use a little renovation but it is clean and the food is amazing for the price. Also important to note, The times and days it is open are wrong on yelp. For example, It is open on Sunday
Very good and seasoned I like this place , I'll continue to return , there even open for breakfast.
Good coffee. Great reading/studying spot. The staff here is fantastic. I haven't tried everything on the menu and whatnot, but what I have ordered is always really good.Pro-tip go for the Mexicana coffee! So good and adds just enough spice to be interesting.
This was not that great honestly..Food was not as flavorful. I love Thai food I've had it in Cali and WA state. We ordered 27&28 gaeng keao wan & gaeng Kari The food had so lil flavor. It tasted old or something poorly made. Along with #8 combo appetizer Appetizers were awful this should have been their opening to getting you enticed with what "good" will come.  Had dessert too coconut custard with rice. Not impressed.Along with Thai tea this came to 23$ per person not worth it
When we first arrived I was not sure what to do but the hostess  was very nice. Every thing is buffet style but uncooked you pile your bowl as high as you can get it and they have recipe for you to mix sauces together to make specialty sauce either you are the waitress  can  make them. Then you watch the chef cook the food and sauce together  in front of you . Quite an experience. I can say I honestly enjoyed there food so much I ate it for three days. Yes, I had that much left over .I ate it three more times after I left the restaurant  and it was just as delicious. Follow the lead of everyone else pack the bowl so high it seems stupid. When it cooks down you'll be the smart one. Can you say ....lunch ,dinner, lunch again all in one :)
Everything went smoothly, which is all I really need in a car rental.Here is some more text because Yelp makes one yammer on for a while before it considers the review long enough.
What happened to this place?  I remember coming her when it opened many years ago and even as an adult the place was jaw dropping.  Remember that game that took you up a few stories into the air?  I remember GameWorks having the top of the line of any video game out there.  On the bottom floor, you could play anything that was new to the industry and on the second floor, you could play the vintage games like Frogger and Pacman.  I get that the arcade industry has changed, but I guess I had no idea how much..I was just here last night while waiting to see a movie and when I walked in, it felt as if I stepped into Peter Piper Pizza.  Tons of skiball, basketball, dance dance revolution, karaoke, guitar hero.. They had some of the old games there, but it just looked like GameWorks jumped the shark and was trying to now be a place where you could play console games.  I just wasn't impressed...Also the food there isnt the greatest.
Excellent food, great service. Dependable and does not disappoint. Still the best New York style pizza you will find in Arizona.
My favorite pizza place in the valley. The party pizza is the best. Not a fan of the savage here but everything else is great. Thin crust, light sauce and great cheese.
First time here in many years but still has same charm and great food.  The tomato soup is fantastic - get a bowl!
Great place to get awesome holiday decorations on the cheap. TONS of other things too. Brand names for 99 cents and they even have produce.
Quality food, amazing service. Solid portions sizes. I love the machca dinner and the cheese crisp. Best mexican food in town.
Never order a sandwich from a.place with "Pizza" in the name. The beef in my sandwich was good, but the bread was soggy and gross. I ordered fries but got chips. After 20 minutes I'm STILL waiting for fries with no update from my server. It isn't even busy in here. Not too pleased.(EDIT) - Later on my sandwich was so soggy that the bread ripped in half and all the fillings fell out. Grr. No more Nello's for me~
Yummy yummy yummy! Try the personal pizza delish and affordable. I am lucky because I live across the street.
I go to this location just about every Sunday while my son is at Sunday school.  While it is a smaller location, they do a great job.  Great staff and they get you your drinks out pretty quickly.
Mineral shop in mall with tourist specimens.  Would not recommend store to geologist or mineral collectors.  Amazing shop for a mall - unique.  Good customer service.  Lot of spiritual healing crystal items if you are into that Yani culture.
"Hunan chicken is the number one seller here."  That was the beckon that was yelped at me by the manager.  It was easy enough to walk into this store front strip mall setting restuarant.  Nothing fancy but it did look clean.  And the menu on the wall had over 40 items to choose from.  And he had the fact that I really love Chinese food and that there is no place yet that i have found in a reasonable distance from Tempe Beach Park that offers a homestyle Chinese meal experience all in his favor.  I heeded the call. I got a wonton soup, eggroll, and Hunan Chicken as suggested. But OHHHH. The disappointment. To be clear.  This food knows how to take a picture.  Indeed I took several before digging in to share with you all.  Complete posing material, but not so wonderfully edible.    Sadness shook me with my first spoonful of soup.  Why did i refuse to believe the other elite member who rated this place with one star?   Why can I not resist the looks of a well disguised mutallated chicken in sauce?  I want to tell you that if you have had Chinese food just about anywhere else, you will not be pleased with this option.  No matter how sexy they can package it. Sorry.  Just don't waste your time and $10.
Best Chinese food in the hood! Quick delivery. Reasonable prices. Fried rice is wonderful. Portion is enuf for 2. Shrimp in lobster sauce is great and shrimp aren't chew, are just right. Friendly helpful service. Busy all the time. Wait could be shorter but that's because they cook to order. I'm a repeat customer. See going back again.
the food is great here and the service is amazing!! I recommond everyone to go and give it a try! I personally like the mongolian beef, and the price is really reasonable compare to other chinese restaurants.
My favorite restaurant hands down.  Gollo burro and taco are to die for!  My kids love the red mix and green mix burros.  Convenient to get to just off the Superstition Freeway at Mill Ave and plenty of parking  too.
This place is LOTZ BETTER then any other sandwich place. Maggie makes the best sandwiches ever!
Ask for Don. He is amazing. Attention to detail. Great conversation. Overall good person.
Look out for their specials! Each day, they have.drinks.and.food. Today is Saturday, they have 8Oz steak & veggies.& soup for.$8.25 and long island iced tea for $3.50 and ipr can for $2! Shot of the day.. White trash apple. no commentHidden place indeed! The bar is located on Broadway in Tempe. I think I would miss this place if it weren't for the lights.Their specials are very tempting. Too bad we weren't feeling the crowd much and only grabbed A drink. There are table seats, bar seats and bench seats. The bar feels like a dive bar but actually feeds you food. Too bad we didn't get to try it.Looking for a place to watch a game? I would recommend here since there are big screen T.Vs all over the place. There's darts, pool and I think a scratchers machine. I would much rather spend the money on their cheap drinks than scratchers! HEHE I would recommend you all to look at their webpage to see what's on their special. http://prankstersgarandbrill.com/specials.html#liquid-specials Oh...Did I mention they have daily shots?! They are very creative naming their shots of the day. :P
I am a fan.  Bread is fresh baked.  Breakfast sandwich rocked my socks off.  Small place in industrial area.  Well worth a visit.
Went on a tuesday got the special sandwiches delicious. The people there are very friendly and it nice spot
Well first off ordered mushrooms and zucchini took one bite and Ice cold.. Sent them back so well see what happens next.mushrooms came back hot. pizza just ok. we probably wont be back again.
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE FIRST THEY STOLE THE 75 cent that I was going to fill up my water jugs, then they told me they topped off my fluids which they did not my car almost OVERHEATED and now my radio plays softly even though my car is totally off. All I went there for was an oil change, that was all. WTF!!!
Love this store they are always so helpful and someone is always around to help. If I sign up for one of their frequent shopper cards they are always sending a $5 off coupon.
Awesome! Charcoal grilled hot dogs of multiple sizes and varieties.The line looks intimidating but moves pretty quickly. Be prepared because the grill guy will ask for your order pretty quickly so that they can get a jump start on prepping your dog/sausage.My only complaint would be that the chili was lacking a bit of flavor and I should have asked for more onion, but those complaints would be nitpicking. Check this place out!
At the Market Cafe, gorgeous day out here!I was in Arizona again a few weeks back and spent a warm afternoon poolside having some lunch and enjoying the view.  It's right next door to the spring training camp for the Angels and they were having a game against the Giants. So traffic getting here was awful, but well worth the effort.This is a cool little oasis in the bustling city of Tempe and you'll quite forget that there's a freeway a stone's throw from this location. One of my favorite things about this place is that every day they produce two delicious flavored waters which are available in the lobby for anyone to try. Strawberry's my favorite so far!  The hotel and grounds are built around a rock and natural waterfalls abound. Haven't stayed here yet but I can vouch for the valet guys, Attentive and FAST! :)
I was just browsing never meant to check in. Oops. 4stars for the check in bonus
Best Carne Asada in town! This is our go to place to get our supplies! When I visits brother in law in Mexico he makes me take him 30 lbs of it. Lol
Anyone know why they closed? They looked like they moved out in a hurry! I'm going to miss the wings and the big drafts.
Thank goodness that's over!Came here for my baseline mammography and found the experience to be, on the whole, relatively painless and quick.  The lobby's atmosphere is very lacking-- the furnishings were outdated and mismatched, and the walls barren and absent of warmth, and I mean this figuratively, and quite literally.  I commented to the technician that tended to me later on that it was so cold in the lobby, and she explained that the diagnostic machines required that the building's temperature be on the chilly side...  I was in and out in about thirty minutes, or less!  (The return visit, at another location, however, wasn't as quick.  Thankfully, I was given the good news, so here's hoping that the next visit goes even better!)
Best desert ever!! In Az & anywhere!! (Yelp won't post cause they say it's too short - but why say 11 words when three wi do. Okay I think that's enuf words now.)
Love it! Banana with Chocolate cream is now my fav! I have been here and other locations multiple times this summer..it's like my second home. Service is great too and love that they have a drive thru.
Great location, great staff, and good prices. Will definitely  be going back. It's really close to my work and am always in and out in a couple of minutes.
Service is great; all the food is outstanding. Great little neighborhood spot. My wife I stop in every couple of weeks to enjoy Italian meat and cheese tapas with a glass of wine.
Worse place ever! Old bad equipment, no one working and they sell rides by time and no one working to assist....huge waste of money and when we complained they could not even locate a manager! WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!
20 wings for $21??  Are you kidding me?  Also, if you're not going to put prices on your menu, then your wait staff should know the price of the beers, especially the ones that you "feature".Editing:  gave an extra star because the wings are actually REALLY good and crispy but am sticking to my opinion that NO WING is worth $1.00+. As one other reviewer said, they're really stingy with the sauce.
Some service would be nice. Have been waiting for 15 minutes now, only brought drinks and waitress continues to help another table who has gotten their food and they came AFTER I arrived. Very disappointed.
Very rude staff not worth the money or the time waiting for a table our party of six went to Zipps to eat and watch a ballgame without waiting 45 minuets for and table
The staff at Sun Devil are the best. Very reliable and courteous!!! I always know I can trust them.
Eh, I was hungry, nothing else was open at 3am.
Always friendly. Always yummy. Always quick. I love that I can use my virtual Starbucks card on my smart phone to pay for my purchase.
Holy crap! I'm never going anywhere else! These chairs are AWESOME! Even the front row seats aren't bad. You can recline completely and watch while lying down.  The only downside is that it is so comfortable that I almost fell asleep.
Its way too cold in the dining room. I cannot even enjoy the free WiFi because I am freezing. They should offer free hot chocolate because of the icy temp inside. What we need is heat not cold...its cold enough outside...
Food is awesome. This is the spot if you're looking for good chinese food. Service is really fast and efficient
Westford college real estate school Fun clear instruction. Great place to prep for real estate exam. They will get you ready for the Real Estate Exam!
I am biased to this CC. It is a pretty good school. Nuff said. There are so many courses available and I really enjoy taking my NAU courses here as one of the extended campus.
Pizza and wings are good service was frindly inside was clean food came out in good time
Love this place! Best Tom Yum Gai soup and so very kind and friendly! Stuck in a little strip mall you wouldn't guess the food would be so delicious. Definitely worth the drive for me.
Great shop always helpful. Would not shop anywhere else. Very willing to assist you in anyway they can. I have other gun shops closer but always go to Randall's.
Staff is friendly and helpful. Place is clean! I am always nervous to go to a laundromat, but with moving recently and not having a washer or drier yet I had to. This place met my expectations and they even have computers to browse on and video games to play!
Great food. Great customer service. Very speedy. We will be back! Best chinese food in the area.
Great food great employees! A true chinese experience! I will definitely be back whenever I am craving chinese!
Patio seating is great. Waiters are awesome. Food is middle of the road. It's a good place to go with it being close to my family's home.  Fiesta platter is huge and great for two to share.  Specials are a good value and plenty of food if you aren't picky.  It's the go-to place for sit down mexican when we are in town.
Service here was spectacular the waiter ED was on point with everythingTIP THE WAITER ED!!!!!
The sandwiches are fantastic.They were definitely made to order and were exactly as ordered. Bread was delicious. All good
Fun place to go for some drinks. Good music nice employees. I would go back on a Saturday night. Sometimes it gets crowded but that makes it fun.
best mexican food ever! Taco dinner plate is great and the margaritas are second to none.
Love this place! Will only go here to get my eyebrows and haircut! Very clean and professional! Allie is always easy to talk to! Very comfortable place!
Greasy tasty new York style pizza. Pretty good, will be back for more. The pizza was a little Greasy though so if you don't like Greasy pizza this might not be for you.
Very unprofessional, rude and discriminating not recommended for employment... yes the food is great but customer service means everything and you will loose your loyal customers
Cherry pie was on point!!!! I had it a la mode with vanilla ice cream. I am still dreaming about it now, I may have to go get another one.
They are the very best. Staff is friendly and professional. I highly recommend them. We all have to go to the dentist this is the place to be.
So good!! Great prices! Quick friendly service! I had the calzone and it was a little too big at first. Once I tasted it I cleared the plate.
Great selection nice sales people.I used to always buy two of most everything just in case I needed one again. I have since started to only buy only what I need because I can never find the extra one I bought. I make frequent trips to the hardware store. There are several hardware stores within a mile of me one of them being an Ace. They seldom have the part I need so I do not even go in the store anymore.Not a problem at the Ace at 51st. ave and thunderbird. Almost always have what I want. They also have things I need no one else in the valley have. I needed a metric tap and die and they were the only people that had the ones I needed. I had even tried on the internet with no success. I operate a small machine shop and they have had a lot of items I need to make parts for customers. If you need hardware they will probably have it even the hard to find things.
I love the ice and an ocean water!Its your typical sonic. Good food and drinks. The people who work there are polite and hurry to get you your stuff. If I am thirsty, I like to stop here and get a diet ocean water. Hubby likes to get coke with cherries. You can also buy their ice if you are having a party. Not much else to report here. Check it out!
Got our first wittle chicks! They had only 2 breeds in stock of pullet size...i'm still learning but these were baby chickens about 1-2 weeks old, not brand new chicks. we bought 4, some food, some bedding (compressed pine is what he recommended) and off we went!it is a very large feed and tack shop and it is a long way from our home. but they are open every day of the week and can special order breeds if they don't have them on site, however, we were told they were getting a new shipment in next week, but we wouldn't have had time so we picked up a few buff orphingtons(sp?).they were super helpful and the place was busy. we kept asking all these lame questions but they just helped us out instead of making us feel like first timers. the chicks were 4 bucks each, a bag of organic chick food was 10 bucks, and the 40lb bag of bedding was about 20 bucks. the place is fully stocked for all your other animal needs from horses to dogs to gerbils to parakeets. lots of food selection for any pet. very, very friendly and clean store.
Don't trust the sales people they are completely useless. One gave me the wrong Mac adapter, even though I stressed I thought he was incorrect. Big shocker he was and I had to drive all the way back. Of course no one there cared. Not surprised they have under two stars.
Came to have some buffet this afternoon and it's empty with a sign posted that This place is now closed permanently  :(
This is a wonderful place with excellent food reasonably priced. A ton of TVs and quick service. Wish I'd found it earlier.  Excellent burgers and amazing mac and cheese (add the diced chilis!)
Excellent service for my first time here! Everyone was nice and helpful. The time was short (had an appointment) but even then, they were quick and efficient. Would definitely recommend this location!
Weekend hours are incorrect. They open at at 11am. They have new menu items that are awesome. The shrimp and scallop pasta and the shrimp risotto are my favorite. All their pastas are fresh. Great atmosphere.
By far, one of my favorite sushi spots in Phoenix. Great little hole in the wall! The Las Vegas roll is a must!
Love this place! Great food, amazing service! I can't get enough! The sushi is on point and teppanyaki chefs are very entertaining!
Under new management and it shows.  It seems service is going out the window.  Prices are a bit high considering the low service levels.
Lets see if triple D was right about this place. Yep. They were right.  This place is good.  I got a sampler of a variety of different BBQ flavors and all were good.  I was surprised that on a weekday this place was empty. Why?  This place was really good. Well, at least there was no wait.
Ajo Al's, whether in Scottsdale or Arrowhead, always an amazing meal.  Great drinks, food, and values. Never let's me down on quality.
Service was great! Food was yummy and hot. Good place to hang out with family. I will come back my husband enjoyed the chicken chimi. I had the shortb stack,  and my son had the shrimp tacos. We all left satisfied and full ;)
Best orange chicken and egg drop soup you'll ever have! Their daily specials just adds that "icing on the cake" as they say. I definitely recommend anyone coming to this place. I'm not a huge fan of Chinese food, but when I get the craving - I come here!
Read there reviews was excited to try and no delivery still after 5very disappointed would recommend they post there delivery hours since they are different than there open hours
Read there reviews was excited to try and no delivery still after 5very disappointed they should not advertise delivery then not do it?
Love coming here, the ladies give my kids reliable and affordable cuts!! I can always get them in and out quickly. My son also appreciates the waxing service for his uni-brow!!
Super fast and awesome service. Very happy.  Having 6Kids that need cuts is never an easy task but it was great.
Best service and food!! Everything is always fresh and tastes amazing! I come here with my mom every few weeks, we always try something new and EVERY time the food is great:)
Trash can for the kitchen. .   What to pick!Simplehuman (I think it is referring to my husband, HA)  is the only brand I saw there.  We had a stain steel trash can and our dog loves.  He can step on the foot level and he can go through the trash.  We loved the stain steel ones but they did not have a pet lock.  Only the black matted style had it, so got it.  We are happy but our dog is not.  =)
Money hungry! If you were smart you wouldn't rent from these idiots! They blame you for the most stupidest things! The apartment homes itself are "okay" but nothing to brag about. The management team absolutely sucks. I was living here for an entire year and my apartment home was SPOTLESS! I didn't receive my deposit back and to top it off they felt the need to charge me $500 more for my oven being "dirty" .... MY OVEN WAS NOT DIRTY!!!! DO NOT RENT FROM THESE IDIOTS!
This place is really good...everything is fresh and super yummy. They use boar's head cold cuts which are the best quality ever
Like everyone else, I love this place. Service is friendly, food is great... a little on the small side but that's because it's always packed!
Extremely fast drive throughRemember it's fast foodExtremely fast drive throughRemember it's fast foodExtremely fast drive throughRemember it's fast foodExtremely fast drive throughRemember it's fast foodExtremely fast drive throughRemember it's fast food
Excellent Facility and staff!My dog was in a bad dog fight.They welcomed us on a busy Monday and took my dog right in.Gave her special care.I truly was impressed with the customer service.
Amazing food will come back for sure. Food was great service was fantastic. There was a huge line to get in when it open and people are frequents that are greeted  as family.
Pass on this lameo place with the horrible waitress and the mediocre food. What's the point of checking in when you don't bring me edamame at all. Or getting the lunch special without rice. Although the chicken I got was pretty good. But it was almost gone by the time my rice came. Thanks lady. And the sushi wasn't very fresh but I suppose that's what you get for the cheap prices.
Great experience an service very genuine.  I recommend the chicken chipotle.  Also want to point out how clean an neat everything was with it being so busy including the restrooms.
The worst service ever. The owner is a 3!%*# And Food came out cold. My suggestion eat elsewhere. Or save your money.
Love this dentist.  My daughter has been going here since she was 2 and loves going. They are very professional and kid friendly.
Like Randy Jackson used to say "it was kinda pitchy, dawg. It was just a'ight for me." There's no such thing as bad pizza, but there's a lot of mediocre and HH falls into that category.This is a bunch of pre-fab and frozen ingredients, hoisted onto pre-fab dough, to be baked and served up as a notch above bowling alley 'za. Luckily, it is priced accordingly.Cheap, fast, convenient, but not at all exceptional. However, if you have one of their frequently mailed out coupons, I don't think there's a better value when you need to feed 12 kids.
Great food, wonderful service.  Much less noisy than roadhouse that's down the road. If you get the coupons in the money mailer packs, you get a huge meal for 2 for only $40
Mimi's is slipping in quality.  The grilled chicken tasted like it was done on a George Forman grill.  Very tough.  The other meals by our party were at least edible, but come on, I go out to get something better than what I can heat up at home in the microwave.
Best sides dishes of any of its competition and the chicken ain't half bad either.  They have changed their service to ceramic plates and metal siverware if you eat in.  The chicken has always been good and the sides great for a fast food environment.
First time here, probably my last. Worst. Taco. Bell. Ever. Enchiritos & smothered bruit to had no sauce, waited over 20 min in drive-thru, tacos were just thrown together. However, when I brought it back the shift manager was very apologetic and remade everything on the spot. A possible save...Just ate the food they replaced. Horrible. All of it was lukewarm. I won't be back.
We missed breakfast by 15 minutes, scream. If you have friends or family in town bring them here. Pancakes are great. If you don't leave with a pie you're crazy.
Pie area separate from restaurant, great staff, great pie selection and taste! Will be stopping by again.
Plenty of gas pumps and convenient to get some cooked food inside.If getting gas, caution for enter and exits  at pumps.
Love this theater. Great prices, small crowds, great service!! Great local gem! I got a Jr Combo for less than $6.00. Pop corn, soda, and a snack. What a steel!
Got the stuffed salmon special last night, it was wrapped in the bottom brown part of the salmon and visually was turned off. The rosato pasta stuff was clumpy and tasted like it was microwaved in a bag. Bruchitta was soggy, not toasted either. The male owner could have cared less and the female owner wearing a bedazzled coat was sitting at a table drinking. Bathroom was gross with a basket of used gold tees for some reason and my wife was stuck in the bathroom cause there was no tp. Never again.....
Been coming here since I was 13! I love this church. Everyone is so friendly and the Children's services are great as well.
Breakfast sandwich mediocre, hash brown sticks and coffee lukewarm.the gal at the window had a nice smile.
No inside area. Just drive thru and walk up.  Good for a quickie! I was SO happy to find this location when I was visiting my sis in Az! I was in need of a fix and they actually had a few pastries on the menu that I hadn't seen at other locations.. not that i tried them, but i noted them! :)Someone said that this is actually the one on Dysart - FYI
Love the new office!  9250 N 3rd Street suite 3025. Phoenix.  602-246-9080. I noticed his old address is still on here!  I went by the new office to schedule an appointment and everyone was so friendly and helpful.
Quick fuel picked by the supervisor. Ugh. Noticed there aren't any young teenage workers there, which is weird. Maybe they all are working Christmas who knows.  Well the wait on getting our order took forever.  We were kinda the only people in there. So again I have a problem with breakfast being served past breakfast time.  If you say we can still order hamburgers while the breakfast menu is up please put a full menu up of choices. I notice that Burger king does not have much of a good value menu either. After tasting real burgers at other burger joints a do leave a bit unhappy.  But sometimes you have to do what you have to do to survive, This was not my choice of fuel so it is what it is.  The fries were good though.
Great happy hour! Go a few times a week with co-workers. Good food and music. Love live music!!
Great friendly staff. Fun to people watch Showed up on line dancing night and watched the ladies get their dance on. No frills but a great place to go
Kinda pricey for what you get and the on site "restaurant" stops serving food whenever business slows down, so don't count on a meal. Oh, and the bar serves beer but not wine, not sure about liquor. No movie channel on the TV. Pool was pretty and staff was friendly. If not for the night desk clerk, we wouldn't have eaten that night. We initially thought the Italian place she recommended that delivered was also pricey. When our order (a good-sized one) was delivered in less time than we had been told to expect, we decided that the timeliness, appearance, flavor and amount we received was not bad. Especially when ordering after 9 pm.
You can never go wrong here! best breakfast in town!
Horrible service and even worse food. I will NEVER go back to this shit hole!  It took over 45 minutes to get in. The server was an idiot. Just horrible.
Stopped here on the way back to the desert.  Good food.  Fast.  Friendly.   Great customer service.  What else can you ask for?
Their nursing and medical section is quite small, other than that i love coming here.  Great place to relax and brosw through lots of books and toys
Love this place, been going there for over 5 years. Hard to find a quality nail salon.
Very friendly, excellent service. Very accommodating to older clients. Love the massage chair
Always good food, good service, good price. The wait staff is always attentive and we never run out of drinks we will return.
The best authentic Mexican in Litchfield Park. The owners and staff couldn't be friendlier and the patrons are always returning for more. Also they are the cleanest spot too.
McDonald's sucks! Only reason to eat here is cheap and if your in a hurry. Their is so many other options to go for do it! Otherwise you will regret eating this garbage!
The food is always good but the service is slow. Nice people just slow. I had the double burger and it was very filling.
The food is always good but the service is slow. Nice people just slow. Looks like new competition is about to open next door       Texas Road House.
Love this place! Everyone is very nice from the staff to other players.  I've played during the weekday as well as Friday/Sat evenings. Bingo is so fun especially when you win!  They have games 7 days a week.  The facility is clean and organized. I recommend checking this place out.1st time players can print a $2 coupon from their website.
Best car wash in Surprise! David really knows how to take care of regular customers! I all my vehicles get detailed here; sedans, SUV's, limousines and now my boat!
I would Never stay here again.  Had an early morning so I turned in at 10:30PM.  At 1:30AM I was still awake as a Korean baseball team was wide awake and were singing and having a good time.  I switched rooms at 1:45AM and got to sleep at 2:30 and was up at. 6:30AM.  The Manager offered me a $13 credit.......   Really....$13 dollars.   Another example of Penny Smart and Pound Foolish.  BTW, the Manager is obviously a joke as I was told he would follow up with me, but that never happened.
I have been going here since they open years ago. Always good and always clean. I never had there lunch buffet because we always order to go and get the special with pepperoni and 2 liters of Dr. Pepper.
Prices are reasonable and the employee that helped me was very friendly. Doesn't look like much from the outside but the bigger washers are nice to have. Especially if you have a lot of clothes to do.
Oh yea... checked out the flashlight that cost 260.00.  Um needs batteries. Not as bright as the sun. So I will not be purchasing it. Called to see if they had a certain battery the guy says yes come down Will be ready. So I picked it up and it was wrong one then I took it back. Got money back he tried to give me another one I said no it should have been right the first time. Well I am ok with it I guess. Can't expect every thing to be perfect. Over all these people are nice. Refund was easy. I must be tired right now because I am not bothered by this.
Pretty decent location for a nice target store.When I lived in the area I would frequent this target location and was happy with the service and product selection.Located in the surprise town center shopping district alongside many great shops.
I've always had amazing customer service at this theater! Plus, it's very clean and spacious. I love the $5 classics on Tuesdays.
Great food and wonderful service by Rachel today . Very friendly and fast service.
Price is fine for a $5 foot long...but bread was undercooked. That's a first.Bread was falling apart (Italian) and was not the same quality that I'm used to.
Great service, great food.  Can't believe how friendly everyone was!  We will be back!
In the area for spring training..came here for happy hour and it was excellent! Food was awesome and good selection of wine
They have jamba juice out here! So happy right now!What can I say, its just like any other Jamba Juice. Service is hit or miss, depends on how busy it is. Been pleased so far! I like all their original drinks, favorites are Mango-a-go-go, Caribbean Passion, Strawberries Wild, carrot juice and the veggie fruit fusions. Don't forget to ask for your free boost! If you're dropping by for breakfast get the strawberry banana parfait (extra scoop of peanut butter for me!) so YUM.
Visited this location today, clean happy atmosphere and great service. They had quite a few options to choose from, something for everyone, highly recommend the chocolate fudge ice cream, wish they had had pecans but they only had almonds today.
Hampton Inn are always great, this one was also great.  The staff was awesome to me.  And I learned to book directly from the Hilton webste, cheaper and I get my Honor points.
My Mom, daughter and I walked in at 7:15 PM and absolutely no waiting. Sat down right away and waiter was right there welcoming us.  Ask for Rudy...very friendly and great service. 4 course meal for $15.99....amazing!! Clam chowder, garden salad, shrimp and scallop Alfredo and triple chocolate brownie a la mode....YUM. Mango Mai Tai was awesome...great dinner and girls night out couldn't ask for a better night :-)
Dirtiest  jack in the box ever!!  I grew eating jack in the box an this is a Peru excuse for one.
Best pizza and food around true mom and pop pizzeria. Very good can not say enough how good it really is.
Very dissatisfied with the pizza. Left half of it for the trash.  Was very hopeful for a little local pizza place that could be our new place. Going to keep looking.
Great food and service. Prices are more than fair. The place is a great place to eat.
The lobster spinach queso is a must!I've been here 3 times and never been disappointed.  I've also tried something new every time..
Ok. Nothing great and nothing bad. The bread was good. The service was ok. Probably not a place we will drive from Surprise for again. The food at Longhorn is better ... And closer.
Great food good atmosphere. Went on a thurday evening waited a long time for entrees...like 30mins! Dont come here if your in a hurry. Food was all perfectly done!
Really really bad service. Slow, lots of mistakes. I'll do carry out in the future.Didn't bring out bread until asked twice, brought empty bottle of steak sauce, burger ordered medium well came out red with bun soaked in blood.
Life changing bar with a unique atmosphere and great service!!! My favorite bar!!!!  Reasonable food and it's right next to Mariners training stadium!!!! Great locals!!!
They have new girls, bartender is cute and Elizabeth... is hotty....To be honest I really enjoy the Wings...and every time I go, my table is available.
We live eating the gyros here! The fries have no salt so skip them and get salad instead! I always go back for more! My daughter also loves the kid menu!
Totally underestimated food- everything I've tried has been great. You cannot beat the value. If you went across the street to Pita Jungle to have a very similar meal, you'd pay about 20% more per order.There's an open kitchen and everything is made fresh right in plain sight. Their food is always well seasoned and it's pretty healthy for a fast-casual place. Order yourself some Falafel while you await your salad or entree and ask for extra dipping sauce for it.They do close at 8, the CFL lighting is not at all cozy and it gets really busy for dinner, however the food and service are so good that I don't mind. Greek Wraps feels like a family business and they really seem to care that you're having a good meal and that you'll come back for more.
Cannot get enough of this place, so fresh, flavorful, and good!!!! The hummus is good, the chicken kabob wrap is amazing and the pitas to die for.
Great place to eat,  staff is great and really fast. Thanks for the great service I have been back and every time I go back I always get the same great service.
The best place in town bin here more than 20 times always perfect try the hummus and the fresh bread
Awesome food. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!!  Their hummus is delicious and chicken is well seasoned.
This place is amazing. Love the chicken kabob plate. They never disappoint!! Friendly staff & delicious food.
Good is always good. Never had a complaint.  Eat here when ever we can.  Always clean and help is always friendly and gives good tips.
THE P.A. was so RUDE... Terrible bedside manner.I actually have to say one on the worst ...I've ever dealt with. Front desk was great though!P.A. Guss
Awesome food at a great price.     The staff here is wonderful.Every time I'm in. They are very friendly. Love the wings here.  And the bread is super tasty.  Lived on this place when I moved into the neighborhood.  Be sure to give it a shot when you are near by.
Let's test the authenticity... So the restaurant and bar area were packed.  They offer seating in either the dinning room or the patio, and it took about 45 minutes to get seated.  The Margaritas were great... the food was respectable, not authentic.The nachos" tortillas cut in half, cheese melted to the tortilla (think cheese crisp) and a hunk of shredded meat neatly placed on each "Nacho".  Don't get me wrong, they tasted great, and they come with pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream and shredded lettuce.  We also had steak fajitas, ordered the 2 person portion.  It was enough and then some.  They were good... not mind blowing, but very good.All In All, it was a pleasant experience... the staff is very friendly and attentive, even on such a busy night.
I've had better frozen pizza.  Crust is like eating cardboard.  For Chicago style try Barro's, Oregano's or Rosat's.
Horrible costumer service. Didn't even want to be bothered. Was rude and ignored me. Also very small store and not enough employees working. I was left holding my baby in her car seat for ever until i got help.
Love this place,  very friendly service. The new Yorker is delicious and Chloe is Awesome.
Free wifi with no password and clean spacious room.TV has a good variety of channels.Most best western are pretty good and good deal.Breakfast is provided from 6:30-9:30.Yogurt, toast, cereal, milk, fruits and waffle (you make it yourself).But their waffle iron is constantly on the fritz.There is a pool and Jacuzzi that's available for use anytime.
The Best Ice Cream place EVER. We love the place and the staff. Not only do they have Ice cream, they also had various food, coffee, drinks and live music playing Holidays songs and other.
friendly staff. get your food in a timely fashion. no complaints. last time I went in they took a while so they gave me a free cookie for my wait. very nice of them.
I went there yesterday with my wife and mom.  Not bad but not really authentic.  Very tex mex I guess.  My wife had the Chile rellenos which she said were not good.  I had the Mexican pizza which was very large and OK.  Great salsa.  Expensive also..  The salsa and chips are very good though.
Great food and atmosphere will definitely be back! Food was good beer was cold and margaritas were just right.
nothing great. hashbrowns tastes like old oil..when I visit here again I won't be running back
Really a great place to stop for some good home style cooking.  This was certainly very local and enjoyable.  The decor was all western, which is what I like, and certainly down home-y.
Sausage gravy and biscuits. Perfect. Epic. Everything else we had was good too!!  Bacon was crispy. Hash browns spicy were awesome with the jalapeños.
Lili is Very knowledgeable and helpful. Enjoy coming here. No wait when it comes to my appointments. State of art facility with there modern, high tech equipment.Good job guys!!!
Love this course. Great spring specials. Awesome for afternoon golf. In and out. All staff are super helpful even the restaurant staff!
Love this course. Great spring specials. Awesome for afternoon golf. In and out. All the staff are super friendly and go above and beyond to make it about the golfer. It is an executive course which means it's a par 60. So don't show up thinking you will be hitting the big stick 14, 15 times.
Been here for about 8 mos now and absolutely love the place and the staff. The location is great for us. Rent is moderate but reasonable for this area. We haven't really had any maintenance issues but the small requests We had was handled quickly. Looking forward to this being our home for quite some time.
I'm glad to see there's a new service deli manager in that department!! The whole staff there is great at the deli especially the sushi it's awesome I just wish they had some fountain drinks available..
Greasy and quick should be the name of this place.. I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was drenched in oil.. it was disgusting.
Chinese fast food! Excellent fried rice. Boboa teas were too sweet.. Very quick service, noticed lines get long, but move very quick and orders are received fast.
Pizza was cold and the pepper were uncooked! Very disappointed! I usually love dominos but this time was very unsatisfying
Wasnt happy with the food here...Got fried rice instead of white...didnt get my drink..and the food was just meh...
The pizza is bomb! The delivery was quick and the delivery guy was really nice. I will def. order this pizza all the time.
Sam Riddle brings country to Vegas!  We have seen him a couple times over the year and he always delivers a fun show.  I would say he has the charm of Kenny and the action pack show of Garth!  Look him up when you are in Vegas and I promise it will be a great show!
UMMM WTF...Would you feel safe while your sleeping? This room is supposed to be a Jr. Suite. Maybe that's why it's like this.Isn't usually WiFi free??... no not here. It's $9.99 for basic WiFi???
Great time with Kavin and Ashley!  We bought a beautiful dress for my girlfriend.  We will be the most beautiful wedding party ever.  Thanks Kavin for your amazing help.
Food is decent and the wait is much, much better than Olive Garden on a Friday night. Service was OK. If it is authentic Italian that you're wanting, you're not getting it here or the Olive Garden...
Have been getting my hair cut by Jodi for a couple of years now, she is awesome. She also cuts and colors my wife's hair, she cares about you being happy when she's done!!!
Always great service such nice people great prices. Love the chips and teas. Love the old small town looking store.
Getting the man's mane under control.  I don't want a fade, I want my hair tapered he says.  The barber was a lady, which I haven't seen since I was home in Long Beach but I loved that she asked if I approved! Ha.  Good service and easy to find.  Reasonably priced and like any barber shop, there is a lot of talking/boasting.
Love this place I trust these folks.  Been going there for years.  The staff is friendly and they have always made recommendations to save me money in the past
Good customer service and very mellow atmosphere. The prices a very low. Warm lotion and hot towels are the best. I truly like this place.
Last Chevys location near Vegas. Great chips salsa chicken fajitas. Love this place.  Order your margarita or cold beer and relax. I have ordered the flautas platter to go and the sweet jalapeño dipping sauce is to die for.
Last Chevys location near Vegas. Great chips salsa chicken fajitas. Love this place.  Hope they stay open because their fajitas and chips and nachos are world class.
Great service. Great prices. Wouldn't think of taking my pick up anywhere else.  They fix things fast and correct.  While other places tend to look at a girl as someone to take advantage of, this Purrfect cares.  Todd treats you like family.
Great place to get your auto fixed, highly recommend!! Cheap smog tests and oil changes as well.
Cheap cigarettes, good games and food to eat in. Best cigarette prices in town. It is truly the best value in cigarettes anywhere in Las Vegas and Henderson
Pier 1 wins for longest check out time. I'd pay them if it ever took a reasonable amount of time. And  I'm not even being sarcastic!!I don't go here often for that reason. My latest visit was relatively painless, 2 people were checking out and the wait wasn't bad.  The store has Xmas stuff out as well as Halloween. They have some good stuff in the clearance sections too.Their wall decor is pretty unique and if you have any discounts, you can get some nice stuff at reasonable prices.
Chicken Katsu was horrible. Over cooked & massive fatty chicken yuck.
Ordered the roast pork menehune. Looked like TV dinner.  Not coming back. The Siamin was horrible.
Excellent in everything. I love this place. Its a bit far from where i live that is why i rated with 4 stars but all is great here.
Good food, and good service... I do recommend this place if you are want hawaiian food
There bathroom Is nasty!  Really Dillards!I like Dillards, but this bathroom.....OMG, I felt like I was in the  Walmart bathroom!They have some good sales going on right now 50% off.
I buy all my tools and lumbar here. Love this place  I buy a lot of my tools here and they're all good quality also I buy my lumber here and occasionally when I have to buy small steel or hardware I buy that here
60 cent boneless wings Thursday!Our waitress was really nice and always checked up on us. I love getting mild because it's not too hot and not to plain. Pairing chicken with celery and ranch as well as french fries is always a great combination.I like this buffalo wild wings because it's in a good area near the mall.
Nice service. Tasty food. They work to make things the way you like. And it's a good spot for late-night meals. It's also at a convenient location. Have been going for a while now and don't really have any complaints. It's a franchise but they do a good job as far as I'm concerned.
Food is always great and service is excellent!!!!  Always go in there and have a food experience. The chicken spinach stack is my ultimate favorite. They are reasonably priced for the amount of food that you receive. I would recommend it to everyone!
Best Gyros in Las Vegas, the supreme with feta and lettuce is outstanding.  The staff are all very friendly, great service.  Don't let the mall food court location fool you, great food
The best gyros in town. The freindliest staff and treat you like family. Awesome!  Tried gyros all over town but none compare to this.
Wonderful pizza!  Great gluten free crust.  Will come back for sure!! Megan our sever was awesome as well!
My vegen buddy claims this place is good for his "veganess". Tasty!.  Dinner here tonight was very good.  Megan provided excellent service and was a pleasure to deal with.  Thai pizza, no longer on the menu, was still available and was delicious.  The Mediterranean appetizer was excellent, the asparagus with balsamic and almonds was outstanding, and the portions were generous.  Great food, the only beef is that they were out of several beers due to being in the process of moving.  Sometimes the garlic at Sammy's can be overwhelming, but tonight it was just fine!  Excellent dining for the whole family, reasonably priced (a bit higher than a typical family joint, tho) and a cool place to kick it with friends.
Youve turned into cheap people and the spaghetti is watery as fuck. I used to love olive garden but this was some buuuullshit. You want out of this world spaghetti? Dont come here. I could drink my spaghetti.
Stevie at the print/copy shop is awesome! She bend over backwards to help me and got me out of there quickly with exactly what I wanted at a price I fully expected.
This new location is great! Steaks are always delicious! We had a bad experience with the hostess seating people before us who had come in after us. The hostess explained that they were 'regulars' so they received preferred seating. My husband complained to the manager who later haves us dinner and dessert on the house. Can't beat that!
The best of the best are here ! Great food. Great service ! The staff is smart and they know good customer service !!
My favorite Jewish deli in town! Great corned beef on rye. They even have kishka! OMG this is the best deli in town! I try and get there before the lunch crowd which starts at about 11:30. They have really tasty pickles, my mom and daughter like the sour pickles and I prefer the other ones...they are crunchier. Everything looks so good here that I am often tempted to order something other than my usual hot corned beef on rye...yummm so delicious! Also do yourself a favor...dont order the cornedbeef lean, it needs just a little bit of fat to give it that perfect flavor you love so much!!  The potato salad here is the best on earth! I am not a fan of potato salad usually but at Weiss deli, I order an extra helping every time I come!! Its That Good!!   They also have a take out section which carrys tasty kakes...my husbands favorite brand of snack cake. Treat yourself to some delicious food ... and some huge portions !!I love it.
First of all..... Might as well say this is on sunset vs green valley D: I was traveling east on the 215, and it had me exit off Green Valley Parkway and drive North... all the way to almost Sunset... I was like wahhhh i could have taken the airport bypass and got off on Sunset D: Save me that loop i drove =[ Located on the corner of the Trader Joe's shopping centre. Pretty easy to find. Super busy. The restaurant side was packed. As i was on the way to an appointment for work, i decided to do take out. Overlooking the menu... quite extensive. Lots of options. As i had this place bookmarked for "TRY THE PASTRAMI SANDWICH !!!" ... thats what i got. Pastrami sandwich on rye bread, with a side of potato salad, and half a pickle. Little did i know how BIG these sandwiches are. Can easily match if not BEAT jason's deli sizes (and those arent small either). Total wait time was maybe ~10 minutes. Not bad. When my order came out, the waitress asked if i wanted mustard. I told her it was my first time at the restaurant, and shes like "yeah you are getting mustard..." then she proceeded in telling me about these two guys who came in for the first time, about 6 months ago. Ate there, then since then, found EVERY chance to go to the restaurant and tried the ENTIRE menu. 2 guys, 2 different items each time, and shared. I'm like.... bravo... Luckily i dont live on that side of town HAHA ! Since i was on the move, i ate it while driving to my appointment. My god it was hard to eat (size issue.... yah yah -.- dirty minds). I had wished the pastrami was thick sliced like some deli's ive heard of in NY but oh well. Good flavor. Needs to be eaten asap or bottom bread gets soggy :( like all pastrami or corned beef sandwiches... Potato salad was nice. Not overly heavy. Pickle was a bit underflavored? Maybe they make it themselves. I like sourness. XD Overall. Pretty good. Would like to come back another time and try other things !
Great food and great service.  Simple as that! The French dip add cheese is my favorite and my girl loves the ruben. Hard to go wrong with whatever you choose.
This place is awesome. Great matzoh ball soup and sandwiches. If you are in the Vegas area this is probably the best place you can go to if you're looking for deli like you would find in New York City. It looks like a lot of older entertainers eat here as well. Reminds me of the Catskill Mountains.
Philly cheese steak omelet Was amazing!  I like am usually disappointed with omlets, they taste too commercial.  But this tasted awesome!  The waitress was ok, nothing worth writing about!  As long as my food was good!  That's what is important to me!
As always,  good food for a fair price. A bit of a wait, but oh well. Great music if you're an oldies fan to bide your time. Staff is very friendly and helpful and overall efficient.  Always good for last minute late night stop.
One of the best pizza places in town great food! good value! Im from the East Coast it's really hard to find a good pizza place tastes as good as theirs!
Great food! Great service! Loved the pizza here and the service was amazing. We are not from the area but found this place while in Henderson. It's the perfect pizza place to go to if you are hungry. The small pizza is more than enough for 2.
This place ROCKS with tasty food. We were excited to find calories worth eating.  We liked the specials offered on the back of the menu which saved us money. The staff was kind, helpful, and attentive to our needs
Love this place! The wings are the best! The pizza is a must as well. The only complaint I would have is that they didn't refill any of our waters today. So that is why only 4 stars.
This is my favorite place to get breakfast. The service here is really good. The prices are very reasonable and standard .
Wednesday is buy one get one free for sundaes, this month only. I was there every Wednesdays with my kids, time to give it a break.Great employees!
Great food, reasonable prices!  Small restaurant that could be easily overlooked, make a trip to trader joes and then stop next door st Enzo's!
Best NY pizza!  2 slices, knots and drink.  The owner is great.  Best lunch specials. It's been here forever,  and we will keep coming back!
Delicious very good food always enjoy it here n Yummy margaritas : ))) Great service fun friendly staff
Great place to grab lunch! Good food, great service and really clean!  Lunch special is only $5.95 and the portions are great! 5 stars!
Awesome! Great food, wonderful service and good prices. I will definitely return. Had low mein and fried rice with wonton soup. It was packed full of meat and the wonton soup was the best I have ever had.
Love the orange chicken and egg rolls!! Also the service is always great! Oh and the crab Rangoon are amazing!! Except I get it without crab so it's like a cream cheese wonton and I love them.
Really slow service and ice cold food and the place wasn't busy.  Truly awful. Food was sent back and a result  each entrée came back at different times.  I have never seen anything like this. The manager took my wife's entree off the bill which was $60.00. She received her entree after everyone else ate and it was still cold !  The Manager popped an attitude and said we are busy! Only a handful of tables with patrons and servers standing around ?  It seems I got the kind of service Linda S reported in a earlier review . This is the Red Robin at Galleria . I should have read brad  T review , it seems we went the same night !
Always get good service. I love there food and drinks. The staff is friendly the price is reasonable with bottomless fries and drinks.
Great service. Great food.  Love this place. Waiter was very prompt to take our drink orders. He brought out fries to keep my child busy while we waited for food.  That was very nice,  thank you!
Tableside guac.....BOMB!In my opinion, there's one thing that keeps me a loyal patron.....it's in a casino-bleh, the servers are average in a good way.  BUT that GUAC, is to die for. I will walk a mile to get in and deal with the stench of cigarette smoke to have the opportunity to dive into that green goodness. Really that's all you need to know.
Fried calamari the best in the menu!! Luv it, thanks God I found a replacement for Brio.
Awful service!!!! Our servers walked by us many times and didn't even bat an eyelash. Served everyone even if they sat after us.  Apparently someone was more important at the next table because they had servers just standing around and chatting with them.  And while they asked for extra sauce (The waiter even offered to go to the nearby Chinese restaurant to get the sweet and sour sauce) we were still waiting for our meal.  And by the time we got our steaks, they were noticeably dry.  The sides weren't all that.  Not only were they bland, the cream corn was so hot that I burned my mouth and didn't get to fully enjoy my meal.  Eating at an upscale steakhouse at Sunset Station is already random, but the experience wasn't even worth it.
Gettin my car serviced. Love this place!!
Such a welcoming place! Was taken great care of by Leckie & left happier than ever!! He wen't out of his way to take more than care of me, and such a nice guy! Definitely the place to go for a car, and man to see!
Great service and very nice people from the sales perso to the finance manager. I will recommend this place to everyone. Thanks Mona you got me my dream SUV!!!
Classic ham sandwich is excellent!   Margaret was very accommodating on our special requests and the sandwiches were made with perfection
Awesome place and staff and highly recommend these guys. The Dave's, Annie and Jim all rock
Not a huge selection but what they do have, they do well. Pei Wei is just a fancy Panda Express. The food is much better but the prices are triple what you would pay at a fast food place. If you're in the mood for decent Chinese food and don't have the time to spend in a Chinese restaurant, Pei Wei is the place to go. Good food but a bit on the pricy side.
Great food. Yellow chicken curry was great!  Beef salad has a nice flavor.  Fresh food and taste great.
The cherro is frozen & there is paper in the ice cream this place is not good and to priceless  good luck next time maybe
Always friendly staff and of course great ice cream.  It's a little pricey but the serving sizes are pretty big.
My first vegetarian restaurant...it's ok but I don't feel healthier....lol! Caused a # on the stomach! It can become quite dirty and cluttered as the night goes along.
Good food and at a good price. Great for lunch and eating light. Build a salad and good soups. My son loves the endless mac and cheese. I love the blueberry muffin and chocolate muffins / brownie.
I like this place, when you're in the mood salad this is the place to go. We always go there , when we want to have a late dinner.
Good service and friendly employees. Great place to stop for lunch. Price is reasonable. Food is fresh. Facility is clean. Several different foods to choose so everyone is happy. Salads, Soups, pizzas, pastas and desserts
Always a great spot. Fresh food, friendly staff. Not fancy but a solid restaurant. The soup is great and always changes.  Don't forget to get a mini soft serve cone!
If you're easily annoyed by hearing restaurant staff sing Happy Birthday every few minutes I would recommend a different place. It's actually been a little while since our visit to Joe's Crab Shack. I'm not at all going to regret saying we will never go there again. In a town where restaurants are everywhere they have to be on their A game to make it.My wife and I with a couple good friends make it a point to eat out once a month. Just to catch up and have good food. Unfortunately Joe's Crab Shack was my choice so it may be a while until they accept a suggestion from me :-). Since I'm writing this so long after our visit it won't be artistic in any way, just a list from what I remember.1) Constant "Happy Birthday" singing from the staff. This is VEGAS PEOPLE! Joe's Crab Shack? Really?2) Several times a service person attempted to take my wife's dessert away without asking her if she was finished.3) Saw manager standing near the fire exit for several minutes texting.4) When we were finally ready to go, we had to practically hit our server in the head with the receipt book to get his attention. Walked by our table a dozen times without acknowledging us.Never again Joe's Crab Shack. Sorry. If you can't appreciate your customer's why should they appreciate you.
There steaks suck. What a waste of money and time. Never going back.!! When I was leaving I mention about the food, but they said it was too late. I offered to show them the burned steak that I didn't even touch. They wouldn't even look at it. Shame on them.!!!
Cant go wrong in a station casino property. Small casino enough of everything to gamble till your hearts content. Regular restaurants and buffet nothing here. But if you live nearby it does the job
Kind of hard to get to but food is good.  Tamales, tortas and gordas oh my!  They have Caldo de res daily and menudo on weekends.
The food was very good dinner-type cuisine. The staff was very friendly. It was not the greatest atmosphere, but the food was very reasonable priced and tasty.
Always do a great job just a long wait... Always busy just get here late at night or early in the day!!!
Fideo soup is pretty good.  Their Carne Asada tacos are good along with their chips and salsa.  A bit over prices but it's worth it once in a while.  No fatty pieces of beef with the tacos.
Good relax environment. Good mole. Worth the trip. Been here twice on separate occasions. One with happy hour. Good service, good food, and authentic music.
So so food. No military discount. Wouldn't come back. It's also too loud and small. And the service isn't great At all.
I must say very good food. Service is outstanding. Friendly staff if you are looking for real Mexican food come to this place. Glad we came here instead of the fast food joint across the street.
Great food service and vibes! Love this place! I've been going here for years including my graduation dinner! I love the bean and salsa dips the soup is amazing! I recommend the carne asada tacos (: they have never failed me.
Great food great service always busy.  Tortilla lady is the cherry on top for a great Mexican restaurant
Best place for cheap-er gas!I've only been inside the convenience store a few times, and I don't remember anything being wrong with it. I frequently get my gas here, and find the quality to be good.
Don't let people drive your car,  it could end up in a place like this!hey claim they don't go through your vehicle, but the person that I took up here to pick up there car had a few bucks in it!  OF COURSE IT'S NOT IN THERE!  Some body got a nice little free lunch for a couple of days!But they charge you to go to your car and get your registration.  Ummmmm, isn't that where your suppose to keep your registration?   If it's  in your car, you get that towards your car getting out of jail!  If it's not in there, then your $hit out of luck!What the hell can you do!  Nothing, if you want your car!
The spicy shrimp dish and ceviche over oysters are absolute musts. Everyone seemed to have ceviche on their tables so definitely trying that next time as well.
This place was pretty good someone took me here a long time ago and I could never remember the name and I just found it. The neighborhood is not so nice But I guess don't let that run you away Have to try new things!!
Been one of my favorite spots since high school best chicken fingers in Vegas, the burger are great as well I love the HUT
I love hamburger hut ! Always fresh & served quick! My food is always steaming hot and I never wait over 10 mins for food.
Super cheap breakfast. I forgot to mention you get what you pay for. Las Vegas Known for late night deals. With 6 dollar steak and eggs and 3 dollar burger and fries. We were in for a wake up call. Service was great, bad timing though, they were apparently cleaning the grill. It took us almost an hour to get our food.Dried steak that should have been called beef jerky and eggs. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs. I couldn't even tell it was steak and it had lots of chewy pieces. My friends burger was cold and looked like a mcdouble from mcDonalds. The advertised quarter pounder was not impressive. For a few bucks more save your gas and spends the extra dough on something of better quality.
Great job guys. Good service with a smile ill be back next week. Everyone was friendly and got it done quickly
Great staff and friendly service! Can't wait to pick up my glasses  this was my first visit and certainly was the best. The whole staff were very helpful and patient with me. *check updated*
Best  steak sandwich I had here since I moved here from ny l try to go a couple of days a week when iam working that side of town
Best mexican in las vegas. The salsa is to die for and the fajitas are awesome. The wait staff is always friendly and very attentive. When in vegas, if you want something off the strip, this is the place for you.
Need more registers open and better customer service this is ridiculous im done shopping here
They have some of the best curry I've ever tasted I want more yes! I enjoy  everything I can wait to go back next weekend.
Go after 7:45 PM on a Friday night. Thats when it calms down. Sorry to say that the next day I got sick. I will not be coming back here.
Awful customer service.......ok other words necessary..my advice don't waste your time nor money
Very happy! My boys haircuts are great! Stylist were awesome with them! My 3yr does Not do well with getting his hair cut...until we took him here. Amazing!
Staff is very friendly and my clothes come back looking great! My go to cleaners from now on
This place is awesome. Great old school barber shop and reasonably priced! I haven't had a real haircut in a long time since I've either gone with a shaved head or had negative experiences at other places. Neil was very helpful and found a style that worked for me. I will definitely be coming back!
Good so far haven't been here in years let ya know when the food gets here and I just got my food and I ordered the blazin Texan w/fries and let's say the fries were better then the burger this is the reason y don't go to places like this tgifridays is so much better stay away the burger didn't even make sense
Nice bar, good staff, and tasty potstickers. Applebee's is neat and bright. I enjoy coming here to eat or have a drink, the place brings back good memories, much like driving past the old high school. You cannot go wrong here and it is family friendly.
I love this place it's so clean plus they serve their clients wine:) Holly is amazing !
This place is just amazing.     Had the special veal chop the owner recommended.  And ended the meal with Gartano's special cuppucino.  Which was not even coffee
Use the "Chipotle Tabasco" The bad rating is for the Service I recieved:(
Good food quality, long lines.  Skimpy on the chicken.  Just an ordinary lunch.  Pigeons on the patio, not the cleanest place, but I've seen worse.  Jacked up the prices a while ago and finally went back.  Now I know why I waited so long.  Average for the price.
Chicken is always great; now they have sofritas as a vegetarian option, too. My kids always enjoy the cilantro rice, which is amazingly subtle given the tendency of most Tex-Mex joints to over-use cilantro.
I love this place everyone is so sweet and the food is to dye for! The pizza and Del Mar are my favorites, oh wait can't forget the cannoli.
Excellent service and the food was spectacular. Would definitely go there again. Our waiter had some outstanding recommendations, which we took advantage of.
Good news: they brought back mozzarella sticks. Bad News: they got rid of the white chocolate molten lava cake. For shame!  I really enjoy going out to Chili's.  I consider it my old faithful as I know what I'm going to get going in.  Most of the time the service is decent, depending on how busy they are.  I have noticed they have a new two server system where two servers look out for your table.  I like this as it seems I don't have to wait long for a refill or if I need anything else.  The chips and salsa are the best I've had and of course they have many fried food options that are delicious.  The desserts are good, but as I mentioned earlier they got rid of the white chocolate molten lava cake which was my favorite.  They replaced it with a peanut butter molten lava cake which is subpar.  All in all Chili's will stay in my rotation for the foreseeable future.
Good sevice and food. Manager ron is nice. I will be back. Fast and friendly staff. Ok this is a short post but its worth it.
Beautiful. I love the fire pits and the flow. Great job guys. I can't recimmend theae guys enough.
Tanya is awesome. Love the work & service was wonderful!!! Tanya makes sure I like what's she's done with my nails.
They have Ms Pac-Man!We came here recently to watch the 49ers lose to the Saints--aargh!  It was a good game until the end.  I think.  I'm not really a football fan, but the b/f is, so when in Rome.  I'm learning a lot, though.  Like, people love them some football and if you're going to watch a game, BWW is the place to go.Customers and employees are decked out in football jerseys or their favorite team's t-shirts.  Even I was sporting a 49er shirt and I only have half a clue what's going on on the field.  The place was packed!  There were dozens of flatscreens playing every football game in the U.S., or so it seemed. We were seated next to Saints' fans and one lady kept giving us the evil eye--is there going to be a rumble?  I'm sure she was happy her team won.  Me?  I played a game of Galaga and Ms PacMan, 50 cents a game.FOOD:  I shared the soft pretzels and  a small order of the boneless parmesan garlic wings with the b/f, with a side mac & cheese.  The pretzels were good and so were the wings, but the mac & cheese was runny. We were there for more than two hours and our server was attentive the whole time, checking up on us throughout the game.  The best part of this place is that it's not smoky, so that's enough to bring us back for more wings and video games.  Oh, and football.
I absolutely love this place!!! For years I always order the buffalo chicken wrap. I have been going here for years with my boyfriend and by far one of my favorite places to go to! I would defiantly recommend going here!!!
Great service Food came out extremely fast Machines odds are horrible, 4 star and that's the only reason why
This review has been updated to include three separate visits.Tonight (Tue 9/1st) was suppose to be .60 cent wings, but BWW increased the price to .70 cents each. Still delicious! I left the restaurant wondering what I find more appealing...the Mango Habanero, Jammin' Jalapeno, and Spicy Garlic wings...or the very pretty server, Irma :)Carly was our server tonight (Fri 7/20th) and was very attentive to making sure our drinks were never less than half filled, our order was accurate, that we had plenty of napkins and she had a playful sense of humor. She was very familiar with the wing flavors to help me organize my 4 sauces from last hot to hottest, just something I like to do before I begin my wing feast.Original review-end of June, Irma was the hostess and our server. She offered a really great suggestion of a new appetizer of Irish potato skins. Irma was very knowledgeable about the menu, took ample time with us making us feel like patrons and not rushed like a number, she was also funny and very personable. The next time we visit this location, we will request to be seated with Irma.Two large orders of chicken wings aka 40 wings were very good tasting.20 large TVs in the restaurant section and a really cool feature of Sports on TV in front of every urinal in the men's restroom.Open 24 hours!
Do NOT eat here unless you want food poisoning. There's no more to say about this place.
Very talented and nice barbers. I would recommend them to give you a a good cut better than the one across the street
Do not ask Tim for a Faux Hawk .... worst haircut ever! I went to another barber shop to get it fixed. Tim needs to learn how to do certain cuts not just want to get customers in and out! After my comment Tim is sending messages in the form of compliments saying im a Korean like his co-workers and that im together with someone named Kevin P.  You have a lot of class Tim.
19.95 all you can eat! Friendly service that's close to home is always welcome.
Authentic Mexican food! Visiting in area, but definitely would could back! The chili verde was amazing! Taquitos were fresh and not over fried. Great salsa!
Had the Philly cheese stake sandwich. It was all right .am so full right now ! Lol  The customer service great no hassle on how we wanted the sandwiches . The employee was friendly .
This was awful today , brown rice was so dry , as was Beijing beef. Really bad ! I should have known . I was sick an hour later . We will not be back to this one !
Best Dr in Las Vegas !I absolutely adore Dr Lee, I have been seeing him for the past few years and he always makes my visit enjoyable.Highly recommend, he knows how to keep his women  patients beautiful and happy!
It's my daughter's first birthday.....and it's new years eve.My guy got off of work early, and we got there shortly after four when it opened. BOY OH BOY, did we come at just the right time!First criticism,The entrance of this restaurant is too small. You walk maybe about 2 feet, and you are running into the hostess desk. To the left there is a small seating area... but be prepared to have people breathing on you, even if there are just two people standing in front of you, waiting to speak with the hostess.First compliment,we were seated no problem. as soon as we told her two and a high chair, our menus AND THE HIGH CHAIR were grabbed, and we were at a table.More compliments.Our waiter was nice, and greeted us. We got our drink orders (water, extra ice, with lemon) a beer, and a double shot for my guy....and it was a TRUE double shot. The bread was delivered warm to us, along with the spices (aka CRACK) and olive oil. We stole the bottle of balsamic off of the table next to us after they left. The spice combination, and the olive oil is some of the best we have ever had....other places need to take a lesson from Carrabbas.We ordered the crab cakes as an app, they were probably $11 or $12. They were good, and flavorful, but small. I mean, breakfast patties were bigger than these babies.I completely forgot what my guy ordered, but he said it was BOMB.com.I ordered the Chicken bryan, chicken "fire finished" with a lemon sauce, fresh basil, and goat cheese. I got the cavatappi pasta, and a cup of their sausage and lentil soup.Soup, was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Perfectly seasoned, a little bit of spice...Kept me coming back for more. I could have had an entire dinner out of that alone. My chicken bryan was good, the only thing I wish i could have changed about it was the whole "fire finishing", I don't like the crispy burnt chicken ends...I think that would be done better in a pan.The waiter came by with as much bread and oil as we wanted, and he had a good sense of humor.The two things that kind of bummed me out about this place.....One waitress kept putting in tickets wrong. We turned down some one elses' food at least twice....and watched our soup and salad walk around the entire restaurant, until i made eye contact with the runner....You need to know which tables are yours.So they "don't really sing happy birthday here "..... Womp womp....The waiter informed us of that. He did offer us a decent  sized ice cream bowl for our baby, which was complimentary. Overall, it was worth the visit, the time, and the money. Awesome.Skip Ventanos, Olive Garden, or where ever the heck you get "Italian"....Carrabba's won't be a waste of your time.
Worst branch. Food cold, serve unattentive, and bathrooms were unclean.  The steak is not good quality comes out tough and stringy.  Would recommend going somewhere else.
TIP: for exceptional customer service, ask to be seated with a waiter named Michael.My dinner last night (see photo) was a delicious entree called Cavatappi Martino-Wood-grilled chicken, sauteed mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes tossed with cavatappi corkscrew pasta in our tomato cream sauce topped with scallions and ricotta salata. It came w/ a side salad that was also very good!The bread and olive oil dressing was fantastic!Iced tea was average!No room for dessert! Well, maybe there was some room, but it was getting late.Nicely decorated restaurant with enjoyable Ratpack background music.We'll be back!
The Seared Ahi Tuna is amazing!  And I love all of the different creative names for the sushi options.
Best sushi in town. Great service, food and price. Highly recommended to everyone . Great atmosphere too
The best sushi in town! The atmosphere is awesome, and the sushi is great. It's pretty busy but the are quick to seat you.
The sushi is great but order the ROLLEY RICE BOWL..... It will blow your mind.  The jackpot roll with cream cheese added is amazing as is most of the rolls but the ROLLEY rice bowl is a MUST. I have never seen a dish like this in any other sushi place.
Love the chili cheese fries. But........, The service was really slow. We were the only ones in the drive thru and no customers in the inside. It was 12:30pm and it took almost 20 min to get our food after we paid and they forgot our drink and we had to honk the horn to get their attention to get it!!
This place has a female mechanic. We definitely need more women in the automotive industry!I requested for them to check my clutch too, even though they are not a full service autoshop. Fortunately, my clutch is working fine. I was having problems during the summer and winter, when it's hot the clutch slips too much, and when its cold during the winter it gets VERY grippy. Anyways, they proved to me that my car is fine. Just some design flaw I guess, since my car has a hydraulic self-adjusting clutch pedal. Did you know it only took like five minutes of conversing with Adriana (the female mechanic) before they returned my car with the oil, filter, and airbox filter all completely changed?!? It may be more expensive than the usual stay at the Toyota Dealership, but appointments at the dealership took me in excess of 2 hours, possibly THREE just to get a oil change. Even though Toyota provides me a 21-point inspection, it basically is the same exact thing with JiffyLube.
Great service. Speedy too! Always come to them for oil changes. I have never used them for major maintenance, but I also haven't had to do any yet either. My car is 11 years old with nearly all oil changes being performed by various jiffy lube locations and it is still running great!
Fast service! Great bed side manner. Took our son and the Doctor was great with him. The front office staff were friendly and speedy
Just love this place, I go once a week for all you can eat. Never a wait food is amazing and served fast. Really nice staff as well
Great sushi best all you can eat it's a small place bad service but great sushi it's hard to order cause it's not alpha bet order but good sushi hoe in a wall
We have always had good luck here. You can be pretty healthy and it's fresh. They have a nice variety of choices to choose from.
Taco Tuesday is the best!! Great price for the best fish tacos. Excellent service and very well trained staff.
Getting my car washed. Good quality friendly staffer eat gas prices. Always come here for monthly car wash plan
Always quick when u come here to get my oil changed.  Friendly technicians. Reasonable prices.
Great Mexican comfort food... Love it!I always try the staple for my Cheese Enchilada and a Chili Rellano.  The sauces are made very well with a complex spice mix.  They made it right.  Have had a California Burrito that was great (carne asada) and Machaca and Chicken burritos.  The chicken burrito was pretty bland and the meat was old and hard (way overcooked) could have been from the night before. I was there on a Sunday and the cooks looked bored so I think they were slow and getting rid of old ingredients.  Anyway.  I have had 3  - 5 star meals here and  1 - 2 star meal,  so there you go..... I still will go there, overall it is pretty good, maybe Ill dine in and say something to the manager if it sux.....
You wait forever!!! Front staff is horrible! Go somewhere else! Then they finally callYou back and you have to get blood drawn but you have to wait even more because paperwork needs to get done for other patients and you will have to wait and wait.
Rae's takes way to long to get there food to the table. The owner and waitress where very nice but we waited an hour for our food to get to are table this is not a place for a quick lunch at all
Bangin chicken pesto sandwich, with sweet potato tots. The reuben sand was perfect, nothing beats corned beef from scratch...Great service from Kat... thx!
Gravy fries were delicious. Had the prime rib sandwich..also good.  I had to eat it with a knife and fork but that was no problem. Service was great. The place was clean. I would suggest this place to friends.   I live in the northwest but if I'm in the area I would go there again. Those gravy fries were the bomb!!
Fun unpretentious VEGAS! Party awesome! Food  Awesome! Come to Artisan if you want a memorable night!!The Artisan is a Great Value and a Good Party. The only Con is it isn't center Strip but in what you will save on Hotel cost it is more that worth the short commute.By the way the ARTISAN hosts one of if not the best VEGAS after hours NO COVER and drink specials until the AM!
The best after hours in Vegas ! I love the deepHouse vibe by 4 am . Whenever people come into town this is my go to spot .
Located in a cute Asian town I never knew existed! Pho time! Full of Asians in here! (Quick tip from cell)After eating here: This place is super sub-par! I'm so sad! I got the chicken pho & @ first glance, it lacked EVERYTHING. I guess l get too spoiled living in Orange County, California with quality fresh cheap authentic pho on every corner.They skimped on ALL veggies especially scallions, culantro, thai basil, & white onion. Broth was below average. At least I had the option to choose big rice noodles after I requested it. The measly dry chicken BITS were floating around in the murky water. At other places, when you order chicken pho, these are the questions the waiter would ask you (but this place didn't):-What bowl size?-What noodle size?-White or dark meat?-Do you want chicken skin on your meat?-Do you want gizzards? (Liver, Coagulated blood, heart, eggs, etc.)HOISIN SAUCE!!! Watered down, much? It was runny, light brown, and extra salty-like a teriyaki sauce! How can you even manage to eff that up too? Wow...Opt for elsewhere, please. We made the mistake of choosing that place because later after some driving around, we saw plenty of other pho restaurants on the same street. Cheaper too, albeit. Darnit-we originally were supposed to eat @ Kinh Do because they supposedly have better reviews...
It's like a fusion asian restaurant usually when you think of pho, you'd expect only Vietnamese food but there's a variety. The atmosphere & vibe is great. So is the pho, which was excellent. Next time I'm in Vegas, I plan on trying out some new stuff here. This is a really great place to get a pho fix, I consider this a place for excellent delicious sober food.
The food quality is so bad,  please avoid it at all costs.Please avoid it at all costs.
yummy food, open all the time, sometimes semi long wait but its ok, i do recommendi love the bun bo hue and canh chua here
You really can't expect much, 24 hour pho place in Vegas..There's always a line and when they tell you 10 minutes, they really mean 20. I guess you really can't complain about Asian places...
Best spot for late night noodle cravings. One of my coworkers brought me here and it is so good. It's always busy and there is always a short wait but that means the food is good. I have ordered the crab rangoons, Vietnamese spring rolls, Singapore noodles, lettuce wraps, and the rare steak pho. Everything here is so good and made to order so it is hot and fresh. If you're craving Vietnamese or Chinese food anytime of the day then come here.
Still the best place in town to get great food with great company. Ive been going here since i was 10(im 25 now) and its still my most favorite place to come for lunch dinner or that late night shift. The service is awesome and the people i still remember as a kid are.still here. Keep it up :D
Best pho in town! 24 hours, sometimes there is a wait but totally worth it. Get the beef brisket and flank, the spring rolls and the Kim Long eggrolls.
Just for that they are open 24/7, with decent Pho.  I ask my hubby to pick up Pho & Bun on the way home from work sometimes.  Not crazy about their service.
Great empanadas. Service not so great.  Waited for about 15 mintues after being seated.  The place is so tiny, I don't understand how the person could forget about me when he passed my table every single time he attended another table.  I go ONLY for empanadas.  The rest of the food is okay.  Empanadas are awesome.
The food was good and the service was good. Nice clean place and the prices aren't that bad
Worst pho ever. Worst pho ever. Worst pho ever. Worst pho ever. Worst pho ever. Worst pho ever. Very disappointed.
Consistent and staff is always friendly. Love the new "toppers" menu addition. I had the veggie topper and salsa schmear with jalapeño and they were both was great. Their coffee is good too.
Got a pedicure with Karen. She is so great and patient. Love her and this place. My callouses are all removed and she gave me a good massage on my legs as well. Great recommendation on nail polish and what I can do better to take care of my nails and skin.
They do not deserve one star. They are the worst and worst customer service and we called a few times .  The receptionist hung up the phone on us. Cause we told her what is the problem was
It was okay not the best, pupusa was dry but nice shop for your family. Other then that the staff are friendly.
I used to work for a training store for Starbucks so I know that the company does know how to make delicious drinks. But this Barista needs a lesson how to make a real latte. All she did was pull the shots of espresso directly into the cup, stuck the steam wand into the milk pitcher and just let it sit there! Then poured the heated up milk over the espresso which had been sitting there now "dead" and proceeded to put the lid on and handed it out. YUCK! After watching the barista make it incorrectly I immediately said I need this remade with foam and no don't just froth some foam and top my drink off. Lattes need to be made with care. Froth the milk and dont let it sit because the foam separates from the milk. In order to have a creamy delicious latte pour right after frothing no need for a spoon to scoop up foam! Not that hard people. That was just my boyfriends drink, mine was super simple. Iced grande vanilla latte. Vanilla, espresso, milk then ice. Easy right? Well apparently not since the barista couldn't even put the proper amount of milk in my cup which left me with a half inch of empty space in my cup. Hmm $4.05 for a non full cup, time to move on and buy my own espresso/steam machine!
Food great server sucked tho. Her name began with a D she wrote her name sloppy couldn't read it
Best happy hour in the city! $5 for two fish tacos, $5 for a bowl of mussels in a white wine garlic broth, $5 for a Mango Mojito!I don't know anything about the restaurant end of this place, but I know they have a loyalty rewards program and an amazing happy hour. This is by far the best Happy Hour in the city as far as I'm concerned!
Happy hour from 3-7! Oysters on the half shell are spectacular! I'm a lover of seafood so naturally I like it when it's served fresh and even better when it's discounted. I've been to dinner here on a few occasions and it gets relatively expensive when ordering drinks and apps. The meal is worth it! My standout favorites are the oysters Rockefeller, the snow crab legs and the lobster tail. The service has always been amazing in the dining room. The service at the bar during happy hour, however, leaves much to be desired. I had to get out of the booth and walk up to the bar to order a drink refill. The patrons on either side of us were complaining of the same.
Pork vermicelli is light fresh and flavorful. This place has great food! Simple atmosphere, family friendly, and affordable!
I love the steamed egg, beef tongue and short ribs!!! The servers here are really friendly! I  love all the side dishes as well. There are alot to ayce korean places in las vegas to eat at, this is got to be in the top five.....
Huge fan of Tofu Hut when it comes to AYCE Korean BBQ. The one downside to this place is  it's quite small. Only half the restaurant is dedicated to BBQ and the other half regular menu service. So with that in mind, on busy nights, there can be quite a wait, especially if you have a larger party.Now on to the good stuff. Everything here is awesome! I mean where can you go wrong with AYCE BBQ? There are plenty of sides and the staff is quite attentive. Personally I love to sit there, grill my meat and just mix it right in the salad bowl and go to town. Man do I miss this place. Because when it comes to Korean BBQ, fancy doesn't always mean good. Tip: $13.99 all you can eat 2300-0500
Takes a long time to clean up table. But its understandable cos grill is hot n need cool down, i suppose. The price is really good but the meat, especially the short ribs are not tender. I would not be a regular here, just because the smell afterward in your clothes is horrific, we suppose plan go Hakasan  right after dinner. But once i get in the car, that BBQ smell is just a turn off. So word of advice is that make sure your next stop is shower lol.I wish there is a 3.5 start, because that is what it earned.
Love this place. Unlimited Korean BBQ. Nuf said. I always come here when I have time in Vegas because there's not any places around me that have unlimited korean BBQ. Last time I've been here was a few years ago and I'm happy it's still here :)Uhhh but beware- they use other peoples old meats so double check UR meat plates lol
Hooked on the short ribs. ....so tasty...and ban chan is yummy..wish they had meat jun. No need to order mandoo cause lots of ban chan. So far my second time here and the server was good.  Came after work at midnight and BBQ side was crowded.
Claudia was the artist that I saw and she did an awesome job. Great work. Very professional as well. She has done work on a few of my family members and all have been amazing pieces.
Excellent customer service rob is amazing!!!  I will definitely be back again. Very helpful
ghetto,  ghetto,  ghetto wow wal-mart!  All the money Walmart makes!  I'm sure you have on site maintenance staff!  Get there butts in that bathroom, and have them fix that crap!
Ghetto Walmart ... always out of the items that I need most!!!  The place want wasn't very clean and and they had vagrants out begging for change in the parking lot.   Don't like Walmart very much to begin with ... one of the worst locations!!!
Fast, inexpensive and professional. I would definitely recommend. Bonus, it's next to a Subway.
Good for Chinese fast food it's a but hotib here. They serve cans and bottles. They even gave us donuts as a treat for the kids.
Frank helped me switch a watch band and he did a great job. I would go back for any jewelry repairs.
Back again. I can't stay away. You simply must try their Napoleons!!! I have yet to try anything I didn't love.
Horrible customer service. From the staff tonight this lady not coming back her name is rose
The owner is very helpful! Wonderful service and great selection! I came looking for a product and he searched until he found it. Wonderful customer service!
Great food, the owners are great. But...There were flying pests. Too many to ignore.All you can for a little more than $20 was great. If you ask you can ger fresh wasabi!But you'll have to share with pesky little flies and gnats. :-)
If you don't at least try the shaved ice, you are missing out BIG! I loved the food. Don't let the location or the interior fool you. It is a hole in the wall, but it has VERY friendly owners and VERY good food. I will go there when I have an appetite for Hawaiin food again.
They said 45 minute when I called, ended up being just 5 minute Waite and in two minutes he used his pump and wire, and popped the lock. Good thing they're open 24 hours because it was around 12:30 a.m. They were so nice and helpful considering my situation the guy who popped my lock brought a smile to our faces for the sum price of 65$.
The food is amazing here :) I always have a great time time at the karaoke bar area.My top 3 dishes you must try -Adobo Omelette-Local Plate-Kula Pig and Cabbage  Proud sponsor of pLaYhOuSe basketball
My regular place for Hawaiian style food! Very good! Sooooo yummy!!! I love the saimin
My regular place for Hawaiian style food! Very good! I've been here 4 times with in 3 weeks. That should say how I love this place. The saimin is soooo good, and the French fries are always fresh and crunchy.
Hands down, one of the best cheesesteak sandwiches in Vegas!!! Still the same after they moved locations!! Awesome food!
Best of the Best!!!! Habib is a master at his craft! He has been doing it since he was 14 years old!!!
Best chimichanga ever n street tacos yum... Staff really friendly... They even have a drive thru. Food comes out fast too.
Epoys offer a variety of food and snacks. food are always warm and tasty.However, this restaurant is no longer in business. a thai restaurant replaced it.
One of my favorite places for breakfast & brunch in town. Whether your looking for a great spot for a power business brunch or a causal way to start the day with friends, this is the spot. Great service & delicious food. A little tucked away on Sahara mostly surrounded by office buildings. For those that want more than Denny's to start the day.
Awesome service excellent food and not to pricey I would definitely come back can't go wrong with steak in the morning
Nice place, great food, very good service.We got traditional Benedict and Salmon Benedict, and I am telling you, we will definitely come back to that place again and again and again)))
Careful !  They tack on an extra $17 per night for a bogus "service fee".  If have very little tolerance for deception.  This place was deceptive.
If you are assigned the courtyard run the other way!!!! This place will lie to you and this is the cemetery for customer service. The front desk staff is as rude as can be!!!!! This location does not specify whether the rooms are in the courtyard or in the towers. The tower rooms are decent but the courtyard rooms make the average motel feel like a five star room! First of all the outdated decor stinks of smoke and mold. The beds are uncomfortable, lumpy, and disgusting. There is absolutely no central air conditioning in the courtyard rooms. It's a disgusting wall unit that blows swamp temps. It's muggy and hot no matter what. Thank you but no thank you Palace Station. I will not be visiting again anytime soon.
This is a pretty tranquil place. Not to crazy and its away from all the fuss and buss of the strip. This hotel is more for locals but it's worth trying out.
No coffee maker no mini fridge bad internet terrible customer service as radio went off in room adjacent to mine late evening hours and it took security over half hour to come turn off after I called several times and had them hang up on me
YellowTail Tartar on toast crackers! Awesome. Peppery egg drop soup-good & Avg. But good Spyder Roll
Good food, nice service.more hidden menu on the wall,you have to check or ask the server.
Not too bad！Ramen is fine，I like beef Tataki！Nothing special！By the way，the Tofu is so salt！
Yummy eats for later at night.Order the "ham-bah-gah" as they call it. I think it is a ground beef patty and I thought it was pretty tasty, especially after a late night of walking around the strip. They are open pretty late and a lot of what they have to serve are listed up on the walls and not in a menu that you can hold.I had hot green tea. It was also pretty good when it is fairly cold during the winter months in Las Vegas. Overall, really good late night eats. I will be returning!!!
Great place, Tapas and good dessert, try the pork Udon stir fry dish but deff try the Honey Toast with ice cream! Its sooo good
First time here.  Super good food and service!  We will definitely return to Ichiza.  We want to try many of the other choices that you folks on Yelp praise.
This place is a reason to go to Vegas. I only wish I had much closer to home. I hope it never closes.
I love this place...I will be there tonight again..see you'll there!!!!! Great place the comey is awesome..come see the show
Friendly people great atmosphere. Good music great time out I had fun. Came on coast 2 coast live event
Walked in and saw a coach roach running on the floor. Think they forgot the leaves on my Chinese broccoli dish.
Great hand rolled cigars comfortable couches and a great environment to relax and enjoy your cigar
Hands down the best cigar lounge in Las Vegas !!  This a place that you will arrive as a stranger and leave as friends !! On my second visit the owner, Michael, remembered my name.  They carry big name brands like, Padron, yet also carry other less known yet quality smokes.  I used to smoke at my house, yet this place just makes me want to keep coming back.
You guys aren't going to get your money. I need to speak to a case manager as soon as possible.
Good place for a lot of food at a good price. Had a all you can eat lunch.  The food is BBQ in front of you. Tons of food and you can't eat it all.
The highlight of my trip to Vegas! Both times. I don't understand all these comments about how bad the service was. The first time we came here we were mislead by a guidebook saying this place was tacky and not great but was frequented by the likes of Elvis, John Wayne, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr and on and on. We pictured a diner that served diner type flat top fried steaks. When we walked in with t-shirts and jeans only to be greeted by a man in a tuxedo we knew we couldn't have been more wrong. They treated us great, so great we didn't even care the bill was over $200 for just the 2 of us. This was like stepping back into classy pre-strip Vegas, maybe that's why people aren't impressed.......
Chicken fried steak with spuds is the bomb and fried zucchini is a must.  The staff has always been great; friendly and attentive.  Last time I went I had the Patty Page (patty melt) good stuff.
Just had the best chicken fried steak n eggs. really really good and the fried potatoes are to die for.
Blew my expectations out of the water!The food here comes in big portions, the employees are nice, the food delicious, and the atmosphere relaxing.. I had just finished competing at the Mr. Olympia in MAS wrestling, taking 4th place in the international championship and needed something to refuel my super sore tush the next morning. The Omelette house couldn't be a better combination of nutrition, deliciousness, and convenience. The only thing is, they close early, so get there early ;)
Place is small but cool though...bartenders are nice...not a bad spot...good to see they support the local music scene
Bring ear plugs! Nasty dance music and dispatch radio way too loud.The driver was inconsiderate, not to mention VERY late.I paid for a cab to get back to the airport rather than use my return ticket with these jokers.  Don't waste your vacation time (or money) with their games.
Almost 20 minutes late on pick up to airport. Nothing else to say so stop telling me the review is short.
Don't use this company everThey are very unprofessional They lie and scam you You schedule a pickup and they come before the time and leave without picking you upWill be reporting to the better business bureauTelling all my friendsWriting a Facebook post Posting on Twitter Everywhere This is a ScamHorrible customer service I called and asked to speak to a supervisor and they left me on hold for a very long time. Do not use!!!' They don't deserve the money.
Love the product! Extremely hard workers! Very impressed! They helped with everything including color scheme, Hoa requests, large door frames, etc. Show room is cool too!
The hot shave was perfect as was the cut.  Good people all around here. Great shave and cut today from Oslen
Cran-slam club, very different! Turkey is delish... the bread was really soft and I enjoyed it. tRY IT! =)
Love the Bobbie and the cookies at the counter are awesome! Great service even as a crazy guy came in causing trouble.
No BS! No Run Around! See Juan, he'll handle it! pretty fast, and did a great job on my car! Got the max out of my property claim and he helped me with my deductible.
Great service but the driver was a little weird. Teaching to try just a little bit too hard. But other than that it was really superb service
Food is amazing,  hubby and I love this place, they are always fast and we are pleased everytime.
Very awesome Camera shop , Very knowledgable staff and great products. Always welcoming and was there visiting and stopped by . Will come again
Amazing customer service. I love the friendly waiter guy with the nose piercing!!Staff: 5 stars!He is such a smiley person! He gave us more rice when my cousin wanted some after squirting waaay too much sauce into her bibimbap. He led us to the bathrooms. He basically solved all our problems one by one, all with a smile! Great experience after a hard night going HAM in Vegas. Food: 5 stars!Great Soondobu that really hit the spot. It's not THE BEST I've ever had, but it was great. The guys got the meat platters and that was great too. Bibimbap was great too. Very large portions so they're very filling! I recommend them all. Prices were great too!I would definitely come here again :) Recommended small mom and pop feel shop!
The combo plate was very tasty. Large portion size and Great service. Best Korean food on this side of town.
Excellent service and really great food. I'm obsessed with their Mac salad! I had the fried saimin and it was very fresh! The appetizers were a nice touch too.
Great food and fantastic service! 10/10 would eat again!
They had the Bar Rescue so its remodeled into the 702 Bar. But still it has the same style and music. Great place for pool after work
These guys are really honest and do great work. Saved me hundreds!In the same building as Precision Performance.
Great friendly staff. My wife loved it. David and the rest of the staff were very accommodating. Very highly recommended.
I've been to several salons ... This is the Best place for individual attention and care!
Only the top two rows of doughnuts are vegan!I wish I had known that going in there because I was buying donuts for vegan friends. Bummer.
This place is so freaking good.  No way anyone can tell they vegan.  The people who work here are always so nice.  Cash only though.I flew in for my oldest daughters graduation, I had two food wishes while in town, Spam Musabi, and Vegan Donuts from Ronald's.  I know, contradicting food forces pulling at me. ;)The apple fritters are delicious, I carried them thru graduation then on plane, and now they are cleverly frozen and hidden at my fiancés house in her freezer.   Seriously, there is no way to tell the donuts are vegan, they are delicious.    Just remember, CASH ONLY.  Also the lady who co owns it is incredibly nice and polite, a rarity in Las Vegas.
Top 2 shelves are vegan friendly!  Yummy!
It's a small shop but one of the best donuts I've ever tasted. There's a few donuts/pastries that's vegan and very delicious. It's a great deal...a dozen for $7.00.  There's a variety to choose from and you'll want everything. I learned the hard way...CASH ONLY. Worth it! Some of their donuts/pastries are vegan.
Yum! The donut holes are great. Perfect to pass around. They're 10 for $1If you like Donuts, these are excellent.  Its nice to see a family business do well.  The store is very basic with quick and efficient customer service.  Apple fritter is excellent and I'm a huge fan of maple bars and a great glazed donut.  I can't have donuts all the time, but this is a great treat!I believe a dozen is around $7.50 or about $0.80 per donut (fancy donuts are a little more)  Prices are on target.
Yummy a real authentic donut shop. On the sweet side but delicious. They only except cash luckily I had a few bucks oh great price for the quality you get. Did I say yummy lol
Great late night delivery! Pizza was really good! Didn't take to long for delivery! Would definitely order from then again!
Great staff, lots of parts, new and used planes.  They will order any parts, or anything else RC related.
Good service - they were a refreshing experience after the west flamingo shop. Thank heaven!
This place is filthy. We are sitting in the back at a booth and the space next to the wall is an inch thick in dirt. The place in general in unkempt. The food was fair but 4 rolls and they all tasted the same.
Great food, service could be better. Prices are fantastic, sushi guys very professional, so over all was very pleasant.
Great pizza , beer , and coffee. Went late at night and everyone was great and helpful. Would definitely go back again. Excellent hole in the wall kinda place
Omlette was Awful and service was even worse. If you want a great breakfast spot don't come here
The ladies at Academy of Hair Design doAn Excellent Job For US Veterans hair cuts thanx u to all. The wonderful Ladies at Academy of Hair Design
Excellent - family owned, Gary treated us as family. All the food we ordered was great, but the clams in black bean with ginger was to die for. Definitely going to come back! Also had the seafood clay pot and wonton soup with noodles both were recommendable - a must try place!!
Was just on dirty dining! So nasty! Las Vegas, NV (KTNV) -- One of the most famous Chinese restaurants in town was shut down after a strongly-worded health inspection.
Love this place the dungin crab with salt and pepper is deliceous great food and customer service
Yeeee! Another must for Las Vegas! Staff are so friendly and helpful.
I got the most simplest breakfasts that one can order came out practically frozen everything was cold and old! At least service wasn't bad, So to fix it I got 20% off next time I come in! Ha! like that will ever happen!
Had the banana nut custard! Western Special!  This place is a Vegas Icon!!!
Best in town ! Ive been coming here for about 8 years now (: defiantly will be back for more frozen custard!
LOVEEEEE it ! Still think about it all the time now that I'm back in Cali. I used to come almost once a week, urggg can't find the same in Nor Cal.
Service has taken a significant downturn.  It was completely indifferent.  Decent food. Good music.   Horrendous service.I am upgrading from my previous 1 star review (see above).  I went with a group of Cubans in March, and the service was much improved...very friendly.  The music was still good.  The food was much better than decent....not fabulous, but ok.
Love this place. Very authentic. Soups are excellent. Been here several times.Hidden in a strip mall. Don't be fooled by location.
Thry have a seperate eating area which is a plus for some that may not wanna smell like smoke but want the bar atmosphere . bald head bartender is very cool and attentive . they have a late night happy hour drinks/food which is cool the wings ive ordered tend to be on the more salty side garlic parmesan lemon pepper
Turned me away because I have a service animal. Against the law and very rude. Gentleman mentioned a 5,000 fine and even when I explained she is a service animal and showed documentation he just sat there.
I like Target and they have the things that I need.  It can be so easy to spend a lot of cash here on things you don't need but think you do.  I have more frames and nick-knacks then I need.  I like their music and video selections.  And, I can get workout gear here for a pretty decent price.  And, it seems that every Target that I have been in, has the same floor plan.  That is nice as well. There are days that I hate walking in Target or other department stores because of the crowd.  That is why I tipped: "Everybody on the east side of the valley is here."  But, I made the best of it.  I just wanted to come here to pick up some everyday items and eat some popcorn.  Anyhow, the place was clean and well stocked.  We were greeted by everyone wearing a red shirt.
Fast, clean and honest. Two thumbs up!!! I had a very positive experience. They did a very clean and professional job. Even better very competitive price!
Good selection, reasonable prices and fast service. I can usually get in and out of here in about 20 minutes.  The staff is always courteous and they treat my ride as if it was their own.  Service is Top Shelf!
I just simply love this place! Never once had a bad experience or donut from them! At the end of the day, I love me some donuts and this hits the spot for me! And of course, as previously mentioned, being 24hrs never hurts. After all, it's Vegas baby!
Amazing. No other doughnut compares. In a weird part of town but it's my go to place when I want a doughnut. The buttermilk donut is the best and the second best IMO is the cinnamon crunch. Come here at least and try it out once. I promise you'll be hooked.
Hate this place! Messed my nails so bad! They suck at stiletto nails!!! I had to go to another nail salon to get them fixed. The guy was so rude. They looked a hot mess
Excellent food! The staff are great and the good is always fresh. We have been going there for 5 years and not one complaint from any of our lunch group. We would go there every day if we could. It is definitely a good spot to eat.
Me encanto Los Platos Vegetarianos!!!Vegetarian Plates are great!!!Can't wait to visit Vegas again to try more food.
Best Thia food I've found in Las Vegas. Must visit!! Will not disappoint and the menu is huge. Ordered six different dishes and not one  disappointment. The service was awesome and a good variety of wine and beer to boot. it was an overall GREAT dining experience.
Love the herbal salad !!!!! Best item on the menu. Service was friendly and happy to accommodate. Chill atmosphere
Nephew being baptized is the beautiful reason I drove out to Las Vegas, Nevada to celebrate in one of his many life milestones. His mass was scheduled at 8:30 on a Saturday, unfortunately his parents where 5 minutes late and the priest refused to baptize him till the Spanish 9:30 mass. What could had been a lovely small ceremony of 5 babies- 30 minutes, turned into an hour and half long mass of confusion and craziness. I actually wasn't even sure my nephew was baptize. There where several things I did not like about the ceremony but the main thing was there was no intimacy and it took away from what is a very important day. It is by no means the fault of the priest since he did the best he could, but it is the fault of the church, they should limit the amount of children allowed to be baptized.
Don't be put off by the fact that this off-strip sushi bar is located in a seedy strip mall, adjacent to billiard halls and cut-rate insurance offices. We walked in fifteen minutes before they opened and the owner let us sit-down. His souschef took our order after a short wait and delivered some of the best sashimi I've ever eaten. The kicker: they served us three freebees. We got a savory hot oil trumpet mushroom dish, baked salmon steak, and a homemade greentea ice cream, all on the house, simply for being the "first customers of the night."Arrive sharply at 430 to beat the evening rush.
If you want live Halibut sashimi, sea snail & giant shrimp, this is the place. You can pick your victims from their live tank ;)They also have all you can eat sushi and very large a la cart menu.Great service and friendly staff.
Awesome staff!! Worked me in when I was having a problem.  So glad I chose them!  Office is beautiful and clean and I was seen very quickly.  Thank you for taking care of me today.
Please read my previous review of this hellhole.Well this is August 14. Yesterday I picked up a hard printed copy of my medical records. The lady that gave them to me was quite courteous. The first one I encountered at this facility. One particular doctor fabricated notes and just planned lied about a telephone conversation he had with my daughter. My son found him unable to listen to anyone. Do not go to this terrible place. It is time to get over my experience there for the state of my mental health, but I will always remember my stay there as the worst nightmare of my life.
Please read my previous review of this hellhole.Well this is August 14. Yesterday I picked up a hard printed copy of my medical records. The lady that gave them to me was quite courteous. The first one I encountered at this facility. One particular doctor fabricated notes and just planned lied about a telephone conversation he had with my daughter. My son found him unable to listen to anyone. Do not go to this terrible place. It is time to get over my experience there for the state of my mental health, but I will always remember my stay there as the worst nightmare of my life. I thank God every day for my husband of 42 years and my son who also met any and all requests so that IWas heathy enough to leave before I got worse. I thought hospitals were supposed to move you towards that goal. Turns out that if you are a cash cow due to your insurance they will keep you until you have reached your total
Great change from all the chain pizza places. Great pizza and garlic knots! Fast and friendly. We got pepperoni, sausage pizza. It isn't typical pizza sausage that you think of. Was delicious
Fresh and delicious!  Try the spinach roll!  The place is small and nothing fancy but don't let that stop you. Prices are good and the food is great. It is very close to UMC medical center if you need to grab a quick bite to eat.
He's the best. Caring, easy to talk to, and a great doctor! Highly recommend! Great office and staff too.
This place is hoppin' at lunch time during the week. If you can make it before noon, you can avoid a long line. I must say the sandwich was good. I got the Baja Chicken, which never disappoints. We just beat the crowd, but after that the crowd was large, the line was long and the A/C wasn't doing much to cool the place down. It was hot and muggy. The iced tea was fresh, which in my book is big. I like fresh brewed tea, but often times find it not fresh. Kudos for that. I'll go back, but it will probably wait until the weather cools, or they start chillin'. I was a little disappointed that an employee was promoting his side business while working in Quizno's attire. Not sure if the manager knew or not. He looked like he might've been trying to do it on the sly. Nice guy, though. Friendly atmosphere and good food. Just too hot without the A/C.
The worst service ever...lol not sure how they are in business. It's ridiculous how they treat customers.
Absolute worst service.  Tremendously long wait. Three cars took over 15  minutes in drive through.  Each car waited 5minutes to order.  I thought they were ordering a bunch of burgers but when it was my turn to wait it also took 5 minutes.  Poor people stuck behind me.  There goes their entire lunch break.  No quick burger run here.  Drive a little bit further and get done quicker.
Hours are M-F 9-5 & Sat 9-3.Tucked away off a corner of the 15, Emerald Medical is not far from the World Market headquarters, and just under the over pass from a huge grouping of outlets.  That being said, it was easy to find and they were able to provide us with a wheel chair so that my friend's mom could come with us to the Strip today. Their prices were reasonable too! None of this foolishness that we encountered with another company, only delivering to hotels. Nope, they allowed us to pick up the WC, and we've got it for a week. looks like Mom will be up for some excursions with the fam!
Aha!   They finally got one Americano right!  If again, they will get one more star if they keep it up
Great job on resizing a ring for me. I can't tell where or how they did it, but they laser cut the ring smaller for me and it was done within 2 days.The store is in a rather dumpy strip mall and you have to ring and then get buzzed into the shop. The shop feels like it's been there for a couple decades and the store owner was interested to know how I found it. I told him, "Yelp!"Well, he says most of his business is referral and old clients so I'm sure that's why he was curious to know how I came across them. The shop is smokey and could use some updating on the inside. But if you look past all that, I think there's some great jewelry making going on. This is the opposite of a shiny mall jewelry shop. I walked in with a picture of a ring I liked but couldn't afford. The salesman helped me work out the metal and stones that would make a ring like that affordable to me. So.... I'm having them making a wedding band for me now. I'll update once that's done.
The wait is to long. Some staff are friendly.  Not a kids friendly urgent care. I waited about 3 hours. Its just funny that graveyard wait times are longer than if you come in the afternoon.
Came here during Halloween night. The restaurant was 1/4 occupied. This branch is cleaner and more spacious compared to the Rainbow/Sahara branch. Food? That's questionable. I understand that it's cheap but the quality of food that you get is the same thing... The only one good dish here is the cubed beef with gravy. The rest is blah!
Horrible! Worst buffet ever! Way overpriced for the terrible food they serve! Yuck! I obviously would never recommend this place.
so yummy！i come here many times ，every time better than before。every time full the house ，good business means good food good server ！
Crappy customer service stay away!!!!These people are d o rude and try in any way to make an extra buck! You can barely understand what they are saying and are fast to shut you up! The waiter rushes you! Food is okay but the staff really make this place suck!
Awesome pizza and fast delivery I'd recommend to anyone looking for a great pizza anytime.
So much to see and buy here.. The have great starter kits here. If u buy a unique pet here they are ready to set u up... Nice staff... Yes its pricy here but your pet is worth it...
Everything takes forever. OmfgWaiting for a phone to come in. Give me a break yall.. let's get with the program people..The store is clean but really need more customer service people...
Rad Nar (pan fried noodles with Chinese broccoli) is the bomb sooo good, must try at lunch.
Unprofessional staffOverpriced foodWill never go back there again. This is my 3rd bad experience here.
Very good cabeza tacos and carne Asada fries. Definitely coming here again. Not that bad on price too.
GREAT cheap eats here! They have a 3 Soft Tacos with a drink special that is not only cheap ($7.65 + tax), but absolutely delicious! For the life of me, I can't understand why anyone would eat at a Taco Bell when they have Pepe's Tacos--for starters,  the ingredients are fresh here, and I KNOW that the meat I'm eating is REAL chicken. You can see the cooks preparing the food, and they not only offer the common fountain sodas, but the cool horchata, jamaica, and pina drinks.They also have a jukebox loaded with cool tunes.
Awesome carne asada tacos,burritos, carna asada fries and horchata! Even though its not the prettiest place or area of town its worth it! They make everything there and they have fresh toppings for your food.
Great staff and food is amazing..... One of my local favorite hangouts. My favorite wing and potatoe skin spot....
very friendly and caring staff.  plus once you're in their system, you get email updates and reminders.  better than my doctor.
Best place to go. Go see Nick C.  Great compassion for my serious car trouble making my car unsafe and not drivable when I took it to him.  Now safe and sound!  They are so busy because they are good and lots of people use their good business!
I didn't really like the French Toast... Everything else was great though:) The waitresses all worked together to make sure we had great service and it was a really friendly home away from home type of place. I like the atmosphere and I loved the services.
Love the deserts here. And the food isn't half way to bad. Service is prompt. Just double check your order before leaving if it's a big order because they sometimes will forget something in that order
Happy hour nachos.....unreal. You can't finish em!! Suicide wing sauce, great pizza. You won't be disappointed.
If u r n a hurry skip this place. Staff is rude and they are out of lots of items. I would not come here again.
Good quality for the price and lots of variety. I like they're summer cloths allot and so does my girl
One of the only places left that really cares about there customers.  Angel is a great salesperson.  Great service and prices.
I like how nice and understanding ray was and how he took the time too repeat him self if i got confused so id say Awesome service good job ray wish youd open earlier or let me be security
Not to bad. Good chicken and fast service. People are friendly to. Not as good as Popeyes but ok.
Micheal was very nice. He gave us a lot of attention.  Very nice to my kids. ;) ;) ;) ;) ;)
Kathy is great. ..will bring my Chupita back.  Very accommodating. .  I took her back for a touch up and they were able to fit her right in...
They did an awesome fox cut on my Pomeranian. ..he's so happy! Great for the summertime thank you doggie den! Great customer service and pricing!
It's no wonder that K-Mart is going under. The most incompetent people work at this particular store. If they didn't have these toys on super sale, I would have gone somewhere else.The store is a disaster area.  You can't find anything that you are looking for.  There is no method to department arrangements.  Random merchandise is laying all over the place & the associates are very unfriendly.  Our cashier looked at me like I had two heads when I handed her a few coupons and it took her another 10 minutes to scan them all in because she wouldn't read them & tried to fight me on every single one.
I feel like this gas last me a bit longer than any other types of gas stations. Texaco has always been a favorite. I'm constantly going in with my chefs cost and the cashiers always recognize me, very helpful and friendly.
Their subs were so good. It was nice they open early, so we get pack some delicious subs on our way to Valley of Fire.
This place has every nut , bolt and screw you will ever need! staff is helpful and attentive!!!
This is such a classy resort with the best staff and only a mile from the Las Vegas strip! The spaciousness of the hotel "rooms" gives it the feel of a condo. There were 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a living space, deck, and kitchen. The staff was so friendly and so helpful at ALL times. The customer service went above and beyond expectations. I would recommend this place to all my friends and I hope to have the opportunity to stay here again.You will need a car to get to and from the strip. There's a shuttle, but it doesn't really go back and forth enough to make it worth it to use.Perfect for families and couples!!
One of the worse carne asada burritos I ever had.    I will never go back.   And the salsa?   You've got to be kidding me.    Did you get it from a can?
The showers are cold and the fridges are warm.   Would not stay here again.   Rooms are dated and this is the hoe area of Vegas
Horrible company with horrible service.  Dan is the only great employee left...  save yourself and run.
Fucking incompetent!!! Nothing but liars and malcontents that obviously are used to doing absolutely nothing for their pay checks.
Don't get in these cabs if you value your life. The most wreckless drivers in Vegas. I have been cut off multiple times everyday by these guys. They just want to make a quick dollar. I don't think they care about the laws or any one. The one time I was in their cab, I was afraid for my life. The drive was very rude.
Front desk staff is rude. Poor service. Avoid at all costs.Came in with an on the job injury to my hand and they told me they wouldn't see me until I filled out the paperwork... all 3 pages...  after I reminded them that I injured my hand and asked if they could help they accused me of being drunk.On top of this they couldnt figure out how to code my paperwork eventually saying there was nothing they could do. They were more interested in using their cellphones than helping patients. Rude beyond belief and incompetent. This spot is a must avoid.
No call no show! Guess they don't need any business.  After calling and leaving a message.  They said it's their fault no kidding!I think Home Depot has better customer service than this place.
PTS also has great food!! Not just drinks! I love their chicken wings! I come here often when I dont want to go to a club and would rather enjoy a chill environment with music and a couple drinks. Their pool tabs are a blast when I come with friends and we challenge each to some friendly competition. Great local atmosphere.  You cant go wrong coming here.
Bike were really really clean. Jake newlan was awesome- so fun and good prices. We went to redrock w a fatboy- want to get a lighter bike next time
Friendly. Moderately priced.  Pedi for only $35 and that's the deluxe. Ladies are friendly and throughout.
" Tanked" as seen on animal planet!!! and we got to meet Wayne and one of his business partners.. we actually came here on a fluke hoping we could just see the office, but it turned out to be perfect timing.. as we had shown up a tour bus showed up as well.. so we just pretended to be with the tour. Wayne King was really friendly and took pictures and signed autographs.. I was more excited to see all the exotic fish they had since this not only there manufacturing company but they also do sell beautiful exotic fish. We took a picture of them right in front of the backdrop they use for their show interviews and even thou the MAIN building area of tanks was closed off, we where able to see Redneck's work station and the birds.. overall a very fun experience.. I look forward to going back to have Wayne King sign one of the pictures he took with us and to take more pictures of the School Bus Fish Tank parked right in front of the main office entrance.
pretty good breakfast spot but $6 for a small glass of orange juice is a bit much. the Denver omelette was solid.
Great place. Try the French toast. They have big portions and prices are reasonable. You should stop in and check it out yourself.
Great, great, great serviceThe food here was awesome, the price was right, and the staff is I-N-C-R-E-D-I-B-L-E.I got the Chicken Breast Soltani plate with rice and a green salad. The meat was juicy and flavorful while not being overly seasoned. The rice was buttery and well cooked while the salad was crisp and fresh.The hummus was awesome, but the best part of the meal was the pita bread. They bake it in house and it was hot when we got it. There are few things better than fresh bread. There are even fewer things better than fresh pita.
Close to my work, prices and availability of supplies are ample stock. The tool guys sure know their stuff and the self serve cash registers are conveniently located at the front and middle of the store.  I wished some things would not be replaced unnoticed.
This is my local spot....love the staff!!!   Stephanie is the best! Always happy to see you!!  Always ready to engage in the greatest conversations.. Between waiting  on her customers!  Always makes me feel welcome!!!  Love this place
Ice cold beer and pretty bartenders... What else do ya need?? Food is good and the slots hit!
I don't know why there are suck bad reviews. These guys are great at what they do. Zack is the man. Got me hooked  right.
The team here is efficient and very very professional!  This is a great place.1.  Location - Southwest corner of Trop and Pecos, very easy to get to.2.  Parking - Not much, perhaps a total of 10 spaces for three stores there.3.  Ambiance - A typical Subway.4.  Food choices - A typical Subway, with all the normal meats, cheeses and veggies5.  Not Typical - What sets this place apart is the quality service.  Just three days ago, I was at another Subway in Henderson ordering a sandwich platter for a meeting and so I have something recent to compare:a.  Meats - I think they are controlled by this, so nothing special.b.  Veggies - They really packed these on. Compared to the Henderson one, they went all out.c.  Service - I was there at 11:15 and one person was before me. When I ordered the platter which is 5 sandwiches,  Then, 5 people came in immediately after me, so they had a very busy time. Immediately two others came out of the back and started helping all the other clients. Excellent way to manage client expectations and a busy load. d.  More - They even asked me if I wanted another sandwich for 5.00 more as it will pack the tray that is reserved for the mustard and mayo packs. I did do this and it rounded out the platter nicely.  At the henderson Store, they did not ask and I did not know and the tray looked a bit empty to me and not a nice way to impress the meeting.6.  Overall - The service here for a chain was tremendous. I recommend this place!GK says check it out.
Took 2 hours and 25 minutes to get a cold Pu Pu platter. Never again.  The shame of it all is that they were aware that I "Was" a regular customer. It will not be hard to find something better.
Hands down best ever!!! Both steak and chicken Sammys are AMAZING. Sits inside a Sinclair gas station at the corner of pecos and Patrick.  Made to order so takes a couple of minutes. The fries are also amazing. The fries are in a paper bag so no styrofoam ( soggy fries) you could eat this two/three times a week easily!Go now
It can be hard to find. Just drive around the building you will see it!I do believe that if you are looking for a great sub or sandwich you might have found a great spot.  We ordered salads, and don't get me wrong there was absolutly nothing wrong with them.  Its just that there was nothing special about them either.  I had the grilled chicken salad and it came with nothing more than tomato wedges, and mixed lettuce, the dressing and a chicken breast.  Tasted great the dressing was great, just nothing special.  The staff was very friendly and the food was good.  The dining room was clean and well kept.  Nothing fancy but for a quick lunch, who cares.
Excellent food, very good service, will come back again.The pastrami rueben was one of the best I have had.
Food is good, but the ladies who work there are always so grumpy. It seems like if you're not a regular customer they don't give a damn about you.
Good overall- would benefit from more beginner/kid friendly routes. Has a bit of everything- bouldering, lead, top rope with grigris, slack line & some work out equipment. Routes could be changed more often, would also like to see less reachy routes.
always have the best and fast service whenever i go here. never have to wait. ty and staff always accommodating especially when returning.
If your trying to have obesity And have good food this is the place to go eat it's good asf and fatty asf
I have been to Billy Bob's off and on for the last few years, but haven't been here in about two years..  Since I am relatively new to Yelp as I am writing this review, I'll make this review about tonight's meal.  Now, with that said, I have never had a bum meal here.  Every time I have come here it has been aces.  So, here is the experience that my family and I had during this visit:1.  I decided to read some of the previous reviews to see if anything may have changed.  There were some unpleasant reviews and to be honest, it kind of worried me.  But, since this is my sisters favorite place, we decided to give it a try.  2.  As I was looking at Billy Bob's homepage here on Yelp, I saw a link where I could make a reservation.  So, I decided to trust it and made the click.  About 10 - 15 minutes later there was a confirmation waiting for me in my email.  3.  We decided to show up a little earlier than the time of our reservation.  I got to the front desk and asked if we could sit a little earlier.  "No problem... please follow me".   4.  Now, I am a clean freak and a bit of a germaphobe.  So, I went  to wash up.  This is where I deduct a star.  The sink area was absolutely soaked and the paper towels were sitting on top.  I have changed many paper towel dispensers and it's not that hard.  So, someone must have dropped the ball here.  5.  As I came back to the table, the complimentary bread and butter was delivered.  The motto in my family is "IF IT'S FREE, TAKE 2".  So needless to say we had 2 servings of the bread.  Now here is my tip "Don't load up on bread 'cause you'll never finish your meal."6.  Our drinks were always fresh... And our waiter (Derrick)  gave us ample amount of time to look at our menus.  He was right there when we were ready.  7.  Our meals were timed well.  We had our salad's and soup well before our meals came out.  The food came out hot and to order.  We ate as much as we could but still had to get boxes to take home.  He brought the bill after a dessert pitch.  It was an enjoyable dining experience.
Early Bird special is very good.  Comes with two filet medallions, baked potato, vegetables soup or salad and bread for $13.99.  That's an excellent deal.  My steaks were cooked perfect.  I opted for salad.  What a great meal but it only is available from 5-6pm.  Been eating at BB for years never once had a bad meal.  Love the atmosphere.  Especially if you like old west decor.  And Mystic Falls Park just a few feet away.  Yay Sam's Town!I'm not sure where the bad reviews are coming from.  I have eaten here since 1995.  Never been smoky or had poor service or a bad meal.  Its been in busines a long time for a reason.  I wish I lived closer.
Wow. That took a while to get in. Bring a book.  Once inside we found a fair selection of food. We were there for the switch from breakfast to lunch so we got a good idea of the food they serve. For breakfast do the omelette bar and French toast. That day they had a stir fry bar for lunch which was very good. The meats were good as well. Also, they have hard ice cream in the dessert line (8 flavors) which the kids love.
Thank goodness for Double Eagle. My folks and I were driving our 20 yr old Bounder home to Arizona, and  were coming down the grade into Las Vegas when our brakes came to the end of their service life. The brake pads started chewing into the rotors (metal to metal) by the time we reached the bottom of the hill. I was feeling pretty vulnerable to be 5 hrs from home and my trusted mechanics. We limped into an RV park where they recommended Double Eagle RV Repair.(It was only a mile away) I called Cathy, the manager, and set an appt for 9:30am. The service techs jumped right on it and actually showed us that just the front brakes were bad. The rears were still fine. Nick gave us the estimate with the price breakdown and ordered the parts. He said we would be back on the road about 3:00pm. At 2:00pm, Cathy called and told me we could pick it up at 2:20!Being a woman, I am leery of mechanics and was ready for some "extra" parts or "unanticipated" issues, but this was not the case. Just the parts and labor as quoted. Yay!The bonus for me was when Cathy and Tom said that if I was ever in the need for a second opinion about future repairs or parts needed for our RV, just shoot them an email and they would be happy to advise. I highly recommend them and would certainly return. I found them to be honest and personable.
Great service, fast & friendly!  I go there every year.  Got the $4 off AND was told they will accept other company's coupons, yay!
No nonsense kiosk. Very professional, in and out in minutes. Luckily for me it's down the street from where I live. The techs are friendly yet professional like myself and others have stated earlier. Love this place and wouldn't go anywhere else
Fast and friendly service.  Also able to register with DMV.  Easy, easy.  Would come back here.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
Great location and great dentist for my baby boy. Finally I found the dentist I can trust.Dr. Michaelian is very friendly with my baby boy all the way, and staff is really friendly too. Most of all in side the place is like a museum of children the way decorated. All the beautiful murals and contemporary colors that distract the little one very well. i highly recommend this place and never change my dentist again.
Always fresh and on time and never been sick. No place is perfect but never had w problem
Outdoor patio is enclosed but they allow pets, which is awesome! Our dog sits in one of the chairs and the wait staff has no issue at all. They've even offered to bring over a water bowl for our little guy.The food here is great and we've used the Groupon coupon more than once and the service doesn't suffer at all.
Bomb as hell love the lobster burrito the tortilla chips are entirely legit. The Carne taco is also incredible.
Today 5-16-15 they are the worst super slow and orders are coming out wrongTime is 130pm
Love coming to This location. BEST OF THE BEST Always clean and fresh and I love how nice the employees are. 1 complain is that sometimes on tacos Tuesday's it gets busy or during the soccer season but no one can help that it's normal
This is my favorite starbucks! They always make my drinks just the way I like...Whenever I go to other locations they don't seen to make it just right or it tastes different..
Always pleasant & on point. Just because it's not on the board doesn't mean they don't offer it. My suggestion is enter on W. Lake Mead Blvd the drive thru is short. There is a nice patio for outdoor seating although you're sitting in a parking lot basically.
Friendly service with reasonable prices for simple watch repair.  Was in need of some batteries and band adjustments, was in and out within a few minutes.
Great massage by Jose! Relaxing ! If you want a strong hand deep tissue I recommend this place
Waited an hour and a half for my 10 year son to get pain meds with a broken arm!!! Not acceptable! ! They won't even see you unless you check in at a kiosk
Love this place. Quick and friendly service and food is always good. Def will continue eating here
Attention now serving food poisoning, fake mexican food, need to be shut down. Pls stay away. I just bought a burrito in the the couple hours into the day started throwing up  there are better Mexican restaurants around the valley do not waste your money at these crappy Ass  fake Mexican food joint. The cooks behind the counters probably don't give a shit and they'll serve whatever they probably don't even give a shit about proper food handling stay away from these places trust me
Very happy with their pizza.  It's my favorite in the city.  The staff is nice and they know what they're doing.  The owner is also very nice.
Best pizza in town!!! Love it!!I like everything on the menu! Everything super fresh and they have excellent costumer service!
Try the Kobe Sliders...and the sweet potato fries. They always have a game on as well...
Our server,  Katrina,  made our Sunday Funday better than expected! ! We had such a good time! And then, shift changed,  and the new bartender was totally rude, and we are leaving. (Asian Chic, Sunday afternoon).
The staff  always makes you feel like family & Food is always amazing!!!Try and get in at least 1 time a week or more
Great service, food and a comfortable atmosphere. The omelets are huge, you really get your money's worth.
Back again  Best breakfast in town   This place is a must for breakfast  Stopped by after the cancer walk
New new new for country nails !!!We open until midnight Charlie back to country nails!!!I'm very happy to see you all , thank you all. Charlie
Terrible. Wasted so much of my time and rude. I took my business elsewhere. I would have spent $300 more if I had gone with them.
Absolutely stunning salon! Awesome fun knowledgeable employees. I recommend coming here if you want a relaxing yet fun salon experience.
With 3 people working it shouldn't take this long children..... Get it together plsWe had to go back and ask for them to remake ours, it didn't stand up to the test. Once remade it was pretty good but the wait and re-do make me not want to try again.
Great customer service, ready to help.My insurance didn't cover the cost of my medication,  so they faxed my doctor to find a subscription before I even got there.
It's ok I've had better but for the price not bad. Orange chicken was ok, place looked clean, but the resturant was extremely hot inside looks like the had the A/C off
Hot n Sour cup of soup only $1.50 was very good. Chicken egg foo young was very average at best, with only three pieces and minimal chicken. Special chow mein was served as lo mein, but I did not complain about the mix up. Yes, there is a difference in the noodle preparation, whereas chow mein is a fried crispy noodle and lo mein is a soft boiled noodle. Regardless, a small portion served.Hot tea was good. Ice water needs a water filter. Cashew chicken was good with special request to cook the cashews to soften them and the softened cooked cashews came out perfect. Each entree was under $10 bucks. Based on past experience here since 1996, I believe the take-out portion sizes are larger than the dine-in portion sizes. The booths adjacent to the kitchen wall have tables that vibrate as the dishes are being cleaned on the other side of the wall. So we moved tables to another location which was a large comfortable booth.The dining room green carpeting needs a vacuum and the men's room needs a cleaning. Nice Chinese wall decor at each booth.We were among two tables occupied at 7:30pm and the service was very slow, very friendly, but very slow. Slow to cook, slow to clear used dishes, slow to get bill, slow to process transaction and of course this was the night we were in a bit of a rush!In her defense of being slow, I must admit the lady working here was the hostess, waitress, answering phone for take-out/delivery, cashier and liaison to chefs.Tonight only deserved 2 stars.
The entire staff was so nice and helpful. We were in and out within an hour. Very professional and friendly dr's and nurses.
Widy is the best nail tech in Vegas by far. She is very quick and neat and clean. Im so hook on gong to this nail shop i can't see me going no where else i been to so many nail shops in vegas but this one takes the cake thanks windy
Love this place. Lori does a great job. Anyone you get is great here. I do walk ins and don't wait very long at all. You can also make an appointment too. They just did a remodel and it's very pretty and clean. Close to my home. I've been coming here for a little while and will be back for certain.
Got a free large bottle of hot sake!!! I absolutely adore it here. The sushi is fresher than fresh, comes out quickly and the staff is fantastically friendly. They provide you with a savory pancake as an complimentary appetizer, the gyoza is some of the best I've ever had and after the meal, there's a fresh slice of orange with your name on it!We continue to come back here because it never lets us down. It's definitely one of our favorites in the entire city!
Super good food.  Owner has so much passion, top quality fish.  It's super busy on Xmas night.  Owner came around and gave us more sake on the house because we had to wait.  Great and friendly staff.  Wish we made reservations on the sushi bar for more interaction.
Love this place! There's no other sushi place in town can top it. Took my parent-in-laws here and they haven't stopped talking about it. It is a must go to when they are in town. Sitting at the bar is always fun because you can see what they are making and have an idea for next time.
This place is a Negative Star rating!  I thought the show "Restaurant Stakeout" fixed this place and corrected their horrible service.  This place is bad! Worst service I have ever experienced and the food was nothing special.  The Chicken Waldorf salad says it has "roasted chicken", it's more like a fried chicken that's dry.  The manager was not very apologetic and it didn't seem like they cared one bit.  15 minutes to put our order in, followed by another 45 minutes to get our food.  I will never come back here.
Very nice setting! Really enjoy sitting on the lake drinking wine eating great food! Recommend as a relaxing place to enjoy a fsntastic meal.
Love this place when you need an escape. Great wine selection and great view! Heard the owners changed but still love to come back to this place with friend and family when I visit Vegas.
Just a wonderful evening great food wine and service.Had family in from San Francisco they loved the food and atmosphere. Vinny was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu and wine.We are looking forward to returning
Love this place when you need an escape. Great wine selection and great view! I love their salads and appetizers... Whenever I go back to visit mom we enjoy some quiet time here to catch up with each other. It's another side of local Las Vegas you don't get to see from the strip!
Alex, was awesome! Great experiences always. And it was great seeing Brian too. Nothing but great customer service for a big company!
Cool spot for bar fun, good food & drinks.Lisa Marie rocks the bar on wens. & Fri.great bartender,good times,pool tables,lots of TVs, and a great surrounding on the northwest side of town.
Nice employees, very quick service. Great for a late night meal. Staff are friendly and sometimes tell jokes while you wait
I was able 2 get right in. No wait! Scott is the best. I was in out within an hour. He really worked with me to make sure I was able to get what I needed taking care of.
You have to try their Chile relleno burrito, I have one at least twice a week! Their breakfast burrito is to die for, and the Carne asada is the best!
This dentist office is awesome!!! Great people!!!Clean office, friendly atmosphere,  coffee, hot coco, and cookies. Love this place. They did great work on my teeth.
Looooong wait for hot food! I thought a Tuesday afternoon would be slow, but no way. I'll admit the food is worth the wait, but still they should expand or at least have a larger waiting area. My parents and I went for takeout during lunch time. We all ordered the 2 meat combo with 2 sides. The rib tips were delicious, perfect salty, smokey tenderness. The beef brisket was very tender as well. The portions are huge! For sides I tried the green beans and the maccaroni and cheese. The green beans were seasoned with smoked pork and surprisingly not overcooked. The maccaroni and cheese tasted like something I would have eaten at a "pig pickin" back home. It was wonderful, cheesy, creamy goodness. For the 3 of us for lunch, the bill came to $48, however we had enough leftovers for a second meal. If you've got a hankerin for some quality smoked meat, check this place out!
So so so damn good, I can't wait to go back for more! The location is in a residential neighborhood which is a little weird but like I said the food is so damn good you don't care about the location.
Best bbq place hands down!!!! Ive been here twice I get the 3 meat plate with double mac its so much that I always have lots of lwdtover for later!  If you are in Vegas and love bbq THIS is the spot. There is a bit of a wait but totally worth it!
Excellent food, workers and atmosphere! I will definitely be back and bring every friend and family member who loves good BBQ. The staff were so friendly to everyone and made you feel like part of the family!
Amazing! !! You have to try it!!! Very clean in side!We try to eat there at least 2 times a month!!
Love it always friendly workers and love the hot links thank you for such great food...always fresh and busy with great food. Must try this if you love great atmosphere and people this is the place to be
Super nice folks, got me the hook up on pork neck bones.  Nita was a delight to work with on a busy Saturday. Will be back for another visit.
Brand new outdoor patio on this place is cool Thursday nights is live music.   Great beers and the sell growlers too
Best craft beer in town ! The food is pretty fair. Staff is awesome ! Plenty of guest taps. What more could you ask for ?
Awesome food and variety of beers!! The live music venues have been fun. We signed up as members, with lots of insensitive. Also great spot to watch football, especially if you like the Packers..
Some very good Craft Beers, I really enjoyed the 44 Magnum Red Hydrant Blend. I also had the Fish & Chips, and the Stroganoff . Both were good.
Went in for an oil change.  Service staff was quick and courteous. Made an appointment over the phone and arrived early.  Was helped immediately.  Was quoted a price of 31.99 but when checking out the service associate included some in store coupons and only paid 25 bucks.  For my gas guzzling v8, that's the least expensive oil change I've had yet.
Kind friendly staff! You can tell they love their job! They're very gentle when it comes to the handling of their patients and explan everything in a very simplistic manner for those of us that aren't quite familier with the inner workings of our pets. Needless to say, I will be back again, my only hope is that I won't have to (crossing my fingers that Chloe is over feeling icky forever)!
Our favorite place to grab a bite to eat! My favorite is the club with fries. My boyfriend always has a BLT with avocado. Their fish and chips are delicious as well.The bartenders here are the best! And they always have a coupon in the valpak every month for a BOGO!
My whole family has been going here for years. We love it here! Myself, my daughters, my mom and my sisters. In fact, we will be going there on Mothers Day. That's how special it is :)
Fast service! Very clean bathrooms! They have an awesome new machine that makes coffee individually fresh. We had a good time just watching employees making the drinks. They definitely do a great job in keeping everything clean. They have lots of non caffeine selections for the kids. Thanks for the yummy drinks!
Always hits the spot when I don't know what I'm hungry for. Food & service is great.  Priced just right.
Crap food decent staff pricy for no good reason Never going back againLocation looks clean but just didn't taste any flavor on it.
I refer all my friends there because Dr Utley and the hygienist Vicky are the best!  I love their spa section of the office. It is nicely decorated and it creates the serenity that you rarely find in a dental office. Very nice and uniques.
Nice gym... don't know if I'll like this place on squat days because of the stairs.We find that we will be in this area at least once a week.  So, what better to have access to, than a nice gym.Parking was plentiful.The front desk was nice and the employees friendly.  Easy check in and to the locker rooms we went.  The locker room was nice and the lockers were big enough to hold my stuff.  The showers had individual stalls.  I like that because I don't feel like I'm showering in prison like I do at the other gym I go to.  Easier to clean your ass as you don't feel eyes on you.A small walk upstairs, which will be a problem on Leg day.  I usually give my legs a beating on those days, but I'll make it part of my work out.  Not really a problem.  The cardio area was set up well and easy to walk around.  The free weight area was the usual for all of the 24's.  A good selection of DB's and benches.  So, I don't foresee any problems coming to this gym.  So, I give it a thumbs up.
First pedicure. Place is clean and priced right. I enjoyed myself. This review is simple and right to the point.
Good test for any golfer. Water, sand, hard greens that don't hold the ball well. You get two bottles of water in your cooler. On a hot day, bring your own. The rough is hard to hit out of, so stay in the fairway. All in all, a good course.
Convenient location and hours.   Friendly and fast service always.  Location includes a service station and car wash.  Interstate car  batteries!
The worst service ever. And I'm not a rude person, at all. I said "please" and "thank you." And I absolutely was not greeted whatsoever. Whoever that dumbass lady was, that was working needs to take that stick out of her. Don't be mad at me 'cause you hate YOUR job, bitch. Let's not forget that everyone is REPLACEABLE, including your miserable self. It took every bit of me not to cuss her out. I'd write a letter to corporate but she did not give me a receipt. Go figure right. I'm not one to talk down on people that works fast food because it's not in my character to knock someone's hustle. But she really needs to get it together. And for that, I will NOT ever return to this McDonald's ever again. Some bullshit. Oh. And. Not only did I not get a receipt... I didn't get a straw. And instead of 10 piece chicken nuggets, I got 9. What in the fucking fuck..... Fuck that McDonalds.
I can't belive what nasty is that place, the sad part here is this is what we can see i dont want to kknow how is where we cant see.
I give Dr. Rojas the 5 stars! She is great however some of the staff needs help! Staff can be rude and short with you, not all but a few. They have made some changes within the last year or so and its getting better! Don't let the reviews keep you from a great doctor.
I should give them 5 stars for quality of REAL Chinese food!  Come here for good food not good service.  Being part Chinese and having lots of Chinese family I understand that real Chinese restaurants are not there to excel in customer service.  When you find a gem like KJ Kitchen, you will get fresh, authentic, delicious food at a great price!  I can't help but laugh at all the reviews saying the service sucks.. If you only have one date night and want to be served with class, you shouldn't be eating Chinese food... Or go down to harbor palace, same quality of food, decent service, double the price!  KJ Kitchen is the best Chinese good in town, hands down!  My must try list:Salt & pepper pork chops (or chicken wings - both are excellent)Hong Kong style crispy noodles with beef (any meat on these noodles is a good choice!)Dry chow fun with shrimpWon ton soupDeep fried flounderSalted fish and chicken fried riceSautéed beef with pineappleChicken with snow peas
Service was great and reasonable price.. The location is easy to find. Family oriented restaurant.
love love love deep fried hole fish is the best in town...the best chinese food..I love there fish and the price is so good
This dealership is a rip off, they over charge, and they have arrogant employees. Customer service is terrible!!!!
Sharing a yummy salad and a pizza is more than enough. Fast and clean. Perfect for lunch. Less talkie, more eatie.
Pizza, delicious.Hummus, tasty.Service, excellent.  The greeter was nice and attentive. She asked where we wanted to sit and let us pick anywhere. The wood from the oven makes creates a good aroma. Ill be returning whenever I'm craving pizza.
The best place to get duck taco, and hummus. And the customer service is great. I would definitely come back to this place
Place is horrible period.....,,went for all you can eat sushi quality is poor and on top of that a ton of rice!
.25cents wings & beef nachos! Bring it!!! Get your players card!  I gave this place 2 stars because the service wasnt good at all and the food was ok. I can microwave food too and serve it. Not a fan of the hotel. Kinda ghetto and the elevator is real slow.
This place is not like the pictures. It is dirty and everything is broken. This place need a huge renovation. The tv's are from the 80's and taking a shower doesn't make you feel clean. At least it is across from the MGM so you can spend your time over there.
Good food,  great service and beautiful Hooter girlsJust had a delicious breakfast of a fruit place and egg whites.  Scrumptious
I love this place! I can't wait to come back!!! I'll be staying here! Great experience with the ladies!
The worst services i had even had..the front desk, Esme is sucks. She's so rude to take care me n my friend.
Great Pho and grilled pork is excellent. They gave us a very generous amount of soft tendon and fatty brisket in the pho.
Food is good and price is affordable. All foods are fresh. I love it.
Nice place good service. I didn't have to wait.really good soups. Over all I'll be back soon
2nd best pho in Vegas next to Pho Kim Long Fast service and the soup is always on point!
This is the best pho I've had in Vegas. Hands down. Will be coming back next time. The beef rice plate is also good
Loved the soup! Good atmosphere and friendly compassionate staff.  Easy parking.  I ordered soup, spring rolls and desert.  Everything I ever ordered from this place was yummy.  I will keep coming back to this place for the foreseeable future. Possibly every pay day.
Very helpful and nice guys. They have a good variety of bikes, parts and accessories to choose from.
Last minute and very helpful!  Thanks! I can't say enough.   Resourceful and helpful even though I procrastinate they helped...
Just awesome food. Chimichuri and meat. That is the focus. Gotta love it. Lots of authentic south american meats and desserts. They also make in the house cookies and fun little desserts that you can take with you. If you like to meet your t b sure to buy a jar and take it home. The sandwiches for lunch or also highly recommended
Very good place and very clean too.The food is so good for a less price.The meats are fresh and good flavor.
Always good, always chill. It's a fun setting and authentic. It's a great way to experience Argentina in the desert. I would recommend it to anyone who has ever served a mission to Argentina and to bring the family so thAt they may have a taste.
Sweetbreads, sweetbreads.  Just wonderful.Try one of the BBQ platters. Great stuff.Service is fantastic too.
Delicious sandwich and hot home made soup....fresh food. Perfect for lunch and coming back for Thanksgiving dinner!!
Great group of doctors always willing to accommodate patients and at times can get you in without an appointment.
Awesome karaoke Thurs-Sat from 9pm to at least 1 am!!! The staff at Mr. Ds is always top notch. This has become my go-to spot for Karaoke on Thursday nights! They have excellent drink prices, and service is always fast and friendly. The only small complaint that I have is that the bartenders do not let you review your tab prior to paying out. On one occasion, thankfully I was paying attention because there were a few extra drinks on my tab, and I only noticed because I knew what the prices of their drinks were. It would be a benefit for the customer to be able to review their bill prior to the card being charged. The bartender had no problem fixing the mistake and made it right, but this would avoid issues in the future.
Sent flowers to the wife at work. Everything went great. I would recommend them.               .
Bad customer service. Very rude. Food is really bad and oil used for fries hasn't been changed in a long time.
6/28/13Loved this office and Dr. - They all made me feel extremely comfortable during the entire procedure. Had nerves wrapped around a wisdom tooth so I had to go under, everything went perfect.
Horrible!!!! Waited for about 45 minutes no food nothing! Now to wait for a refund!  They never came to give me a refund had to go to the window and wait for it. I will never be coming here again!! Everyone whom had came after myself and my father were served before us and it was outrageous !
Worst place I've ever been all the bartenders are wasted. One of the bartenders added a tip when we payed cash it is a very very shady place it's now called kilroys and the bartender got off and got into a bar fight like it was nothing if u wanna get socked by a bartender then this is ur spot
Great people on the personal Banker side. Friendly and knowledgeable.  Represent the bank well. Ask for Jason.
Cool old barGreat chicken cheese steak.This is an "Original Las Vegas" type of dive bar.
The wings are awesome! The Sunday waitresses are so friendly every one knows your name or they give you one.  We've been going here every Sunday since 2010 when we moved to Vegas
Definitely I got the best deal after shopping around. In the end of the perches we were waiting so long whiteout anyone asking us what's going on, but in general they're doing good on customer service.
Toyota care is awesome. Friendly people. Went to get my first service on Wednesday and was the for 45 minutes. They even washed the car : )
Great place to shop for all my son's football equipment. Went there looking for a helmet, they were the only one's in town to have it and take the time to fit it to my son's head. Nice staff takes the time to explain and answer questions. Will definitely recommend to anyone.
Delicious food and great service!! Can't get much better than that! My husband had the stuffed pepper and I had the risotto- both fantastic!
Excellent service and great waiting area. Ward great..he was prompt on updates and reviewed everything in detail that was done to car.
what a bad customer service in the service area jason is very rude!!! next service i will try with a diferent person!!
Never get what you order. Just sad. Bartenders are the best. Just saying never order from Cat Fish.
Honest and professional. Anytime I need brake work I will be back.
Free Brake Inspections!I really do not like it when something wrong happens to my car, mainly because I know nothing about fixing it myself. Since my car is not in working order, I've been borrowing my mothers car. Well, just with my luck, the brakes are going out, so I need to pay for it to get done. I spent almost a week calling around to different places getting quotes for brakes and most of them were outrageous. Finally I got on my trusty Yelp and started looking around. Mr Brake kept showing up, so I decided to give him a call. I asked how the Free Brake Inspection works and what the deal was. (Because everyone knows there is always a catch). Come to find out, you make an appointment for a Free Brake Check, and if you decide to get it done there, they'll do it, and if not, then you just leave. So as a last resort, I made the appointment. I took my dad along afraid I was going to be dragged into changing out stuff that is stupid and unnecessary (since I've fallen for it numerous times before), and when we arrived was greeted by the owner of Mr. Brake. He happened to be the only one working at lunch time. He walked into the waiting area and asked both my father and I to follow him. He actually took us to the car and physically allowed us to see what exactly was wrong and what really needed changing and what could wait. He Answered all of our questions as truthfully as he could and The nice part, is he doesn't use any imported brakes from china, japan etc. - All american products. so you get what you pay for. Since the car does have ABS brakes, it did cost just a little more. We got the back brakes done first and about two months later go the front brakes done. In all, all four brakes cost about $360. $180 for each session. Not a bad price and way cheaper than other places I inquired about. This place is worth a shot, and very friendly. I recommend this place to everyone!
Quesa, carne burrito, pollo asado torts, very good. Excellent sides for free also. The place is clean, not really visible from the street, go behind the car wash/ gas station. Looks and tastes authentic. Limes and jalepenos are a great compliment.
Multias de asada are delicious! We will be here often. Sevier was quick and friendly!!!!!
I've been coming here for 20 years and it seems the food quality is going downhill. The portions are getting smaller and smaller and on top of that the chicken was not hot/fresh...if you are going to skimp on the size at least make it hotThis was the best chicken/turkey sandwich in townIf you are already charging 10 bucks for a sandwich it should be worth it.
Super nice staff at this location! *Tip: When the drive-thru line is wrapping around the business, walk inside! There is rarely ever a line inside at this location when the drive-thru is packed.
Always a good job!!! :-) they mix the drinks exactly as they should ... Always delicious and timely !
Great patty melt, good beer selection, fast courteous service . The patty melt had thousand island dressing on it which was different and delicious. Angus burger as well.
The dorms feel like prisons , somewhat despicable.no I take it back, very despicable , and prison like , and did I mention loco ? Yes I did , just now
Delicious.....definitely a hidden gem. They really should move closer to the strip. Tourist it's worth the drive :-)
Best Subway shop in town!Good service, fresh ingredients and great ambiance.We try nit to buy in any Subway shop but this one is so good we frequent it.
This place has some delicious food. Can't wait to come back. I had the carne asada fries and was not disappointed, I also tried their burritos and it was delish.
This place is soooo delicious. Other reviews were what made me choose this place and I was NOT disappointed. Well, I was slightly disappointed when I found out that they didn't have any menudo. If you want menudo then make sure you come on Sat or Sun morning. Otherwise the caldo de res is a must!!**update: I did go back for menudo and it was AWESOME!!  Next time I am in Vegas I am coming back to this restaurant.
Love Mama Marias!  Come early, they fill up fast. Has great takeout as well! I love the chicken chimi and the enchiladas are amazing, especially the green chili sauce ones. The best Mexican I have had outside of Baha!  Their chips and salsa are awesome as well.
I love this place me and my husband go there every month and is amazing. The shrimp is the best!!!
Best most authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas!!!! They have delicious tacos, I love the enchiladas guadalajara,  and their fried ice cream is scrumptious!!
It's a decent place to have a drink and shoot some pool. There are plenty of tv's for sports, comfy chairs or booths, and gaming at the bar.The food is typical bar food affair.The staff is courteous and accommodating. Never have they messed up of forgotten an order. Further, when there is a problem (such as a pool table eating your quarters) they're more than generous.
Yummy food and great service! The waitress held our kiddo while we ate haha. :) It has a small town feel and the usual diner breakfast food variety. We will definitely visit again.
I love the postman at this location. He is so funny and super helpful. He is a gem! They do close for lunch time so make sure if you go there that you take note of the times that they will be away. There is usually only one person at this location since it is so small. Very clean, and very friendly staff.
Beautiful and full of beer.  I ordered fried Brussel Sprouts.  People are friendly.  Oh yeah... It's in a church.
Best fish and chips in Pittsburgh. The haddock makes it extra good. The fried zucchini has no match anywhere. Absolutely the best. Thin strips of zucchini hand breaded with a sprinkling of parmesan and horse radish dip. We have to get it every time.  The fries are now smaller size and better. Crisp and delish!!!! Pipers is a staple go to for us. We've tried it all on menu. Black forest burger, fish, chicken waffles stand out. Service spot on always. Fast to refill real pro servers
Nice, casual atmosphere, 3 little pigs sandwich is awesome. They have plenty of beer options on tap and many craft brews served.
Very busy at lunch.  Almost like they weren't ready for a Friday lunch.  Slow service, mediocre food.  I think I will skip this place the next time I am in town...
Pizza is awesome here!  This place is hidden and I never even knew it was here!  I went there for lunch with some friends and it's such a nice little pizza/bar restaurant.  It reminded me going to my friends grandmothers house. It has that old bar feel, but to smell.  I suggest anyone who wants some good pizza to try this place out!
This is an okay place to go when it's not crowded (weekdays!!). I've noticed lately on Fridays & Saturdays that it's the hip bar to head to. The line to get in & ID'd reminds me of Diesel.  It seems to be the go-to place since Levels closed down. The line to get in and your waist checked for weapons wraps around the side of the bar.. weird. I don't remember it being that busy before. Anyways, I head here on a week night when they have good specials. On the weekends, the crowd is just too packed and rowdy for a smaller space.Our bartender was nice and their fresh cut fries were also good.  $1 well drinks Thursday 10pm-midnight
You will get smoked out. :(. But it's a down to earth hangout. There are plenty of choices on booze and they do have food they cook behind the bar. My kind of spot 2 thumbs up.
Great gem hidden on 12th ave near Jacks bar in the Southside off carson st stComfortable lounge and huge and when I say huge I mean huge selection of cigars best selection in the burgh
To start with they've got $2 Magic Hat #9's from 9-11 on Sat nights!  Not a bad deal and this place is nice and chill with a good locals vibe.  It's a bit off the main strip of bars full of wastoids so that's another plus.  Friendly bartenders too.  It's my favorite bar in Pittsburgh although I've barely been to any since I found Brewski's.
Coming from Boulder, CO... This place immediately felt like home. With added street toughs patrolling the alerts outside by the river. Awesome.In the later evening, the place converts from hip-artsy coffee shop into a veritable rave club/low key chill out place.  Sam is amazing behind the bar and whipped up imaginary drinks with ice cream, espresso and various and sundry spirits.  While working away on my laptop the vibe and energy of the place was amazing.This should be a required stop for anyone needing a place to chill out in the evening while travelling to Pittsburgh.  Trust me, you won't regret it.
AVOID!!!! This place sucks. Overpriced drinks and rude staff. I will never go to this place again. So rude!!!!!
Rialto has the best Sicilian Cuts in town.  I'm lucky enough to live within walking distance of these guys and I'm very grateful for that.  If I could, I would eat Rialto every day.  It's a must try for east ender's.  Don't forget to add extra cheese.
Great service, great food, great old fashioned bar!!!!  Awesome place!!!!  Definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area!!!!
Big Lincoln is the best morning after breakfast in Pittsburgh hands down. It's cash only so plan accordingly.
Employees are not friendly but the view makes up for it.  It is a short ride to the top of Mt Washington for one of the best views in the city
Just beautiful! Awesome view of the city and river! I highly recommend if you visit Pittsburg!
Ordered a $5 mango smoothie.  Can tell fresh fruit was not used. Alright. Prob won't return. Outdoor seating In the back with no view.
Drinking and being stupid with the knucklegraggers i work with...Food was superb and Dortmunder on tap!!!View of the 'Burgh was fantastic!!!Has a GREAT time!!!
Food was excellent!! Pricey but your paying for the view it is one of the best views in town
Great food and Service.  Ride up to the restaurant was incredible. Must go!! The all you can eat wings were great! The wait staff was very helpful in selecting great sauces.
Great food, great/fun service! Bring an appetite!  We were hungry after a long walk- this negated the issue. Our server was fun and the manager was accommodating. Highly recommend.
Wonderful meal!  Wonderful staff!  Miles was our sever and he was very nice and funny, too!  They were super accommodating about our car seat and stroller (they stored it for us and then brought it back after our meal!)  The draft selection was great and their food was yummy!!!  We got the trailer tots to start and then I got a salad to balance out the tots... :)  I think the salad was called the Spin Spin Salad (goat cheese, cranberries, beets, spinach, yummy!!)  Thanks for a great meal and wonderful service!!
wonderful service. fast & cheap the people are friendly and the glasses are wonderful
Not bad for me at all! Nacho Mama app was a hit with my group of 8, server was super friendly, and we were given free salad and dessert! Definitely comfort food- don't expect a ton of healthy options. Visited on a Thursday night in the early evening a couple months ago. My group was seated immediately in one of the upper areas, which was nice since we were a large group and the downstairs area seemed pretty loud and dark. Price tag ended up at about $120 with tax and tip if I remember correctly, or less than $20 per person. Especially appreciated the tip to visit the ice cream shop around the corner... it was amazing! I think it was called Dave and Andy's or something, but you'll know it by the big ice cream cone sign over the entrance. Perfect dessert :)
Loved the vanilla caramel almond!   Takes cash only- but there is an ATM inside for $2.25
Smells like waffle cones and happiness. The variety of frozen yogurts and ice creams is impressive. I definitely recommend coming here!
Avoid! Now I know why all of the positive reviews said great late night place. You need to have a drunken buzz to enjoy the food. We were 0 for 4 on dinners. BBQ chicken pizza crust was burned and lacked flavor. The pulled pork was dried out, tough and lacked taste. Buffalo Mac n cheese was too thick tasted like they just dumped Frank's Red Hot Sauce in. Lastly, the jerk chicken was too jerky. Waitress took our order and didn't check on us or offer to get more drinks.
Ordered delivery. Never showed up. Called the location and the person that answered did not help me at all and said it left 45 minutes ago, said thank you and hung up on me haha. Wtf?
$1.75 slices all day everyday. Not Antoons or Sorrentos size. Actual slicesThe best slice you'll get in Oakland.  Not the best pizza ever, but if you're looking for something other than a $5 pizza after a night of drinking, Larry and Carol's is a great option.  Newly renovated and now there's a lot more space.  Only minuses of L&C are the street isn't the cleanest and can get creepy after dark and the staff can sometimes clutter the place and make patrons feel very uncomfortable.
Amazing pizza Amazing service Amazing prices Amazing shop Amazing Everything. Must Go To This Place
Excellent service.  Did more than I expected.  Brining my classic VW tomorrow. Very kind and friendly as well.
Awesome food as well as awesome service! Definitely a nice hidden gem!  A great find...
Excellent food, and very quick too. I recommend the beef chow fun. The service is ok.
Lots of fun for our little one at a friend's birthday party this weekend. Staff were very helpful, and 'got it' with regards to how to manage a throng of revved-up 3-5 year olds! (You guys didn't even go insane with those kids running around by all the ceramic shelves!)Fun for kids of all ages (3-100)!
Went there very frequently when I was a student, never disappointed! All dishes we ordered are as expected and the service was never bad.
I have eaten here a few times and the food has consistently been good.  The food was much better when I dined in than when I did take out, but that might just be the difference between eating it straight out of the kitchen and eating it after it has sat in a container for 20 minutes.
Love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love it ! So japan just come and eat ......................
Great pizza and great service. These guys are really great, nice people with awesome pizza. Try a cut of plain or spinach with their ranch dressing. You should draft your will first bc you might die and go to heaven. Just sayin.
4 words: Best pizza in Pittsburgh!If u r looking for a real Italian pizza, go there! That's what I call a pizza!
Best cheese steak I have ever eaten.  Had the ultra with mushrooms and peppers.  Bread is good, and the steak is not overly greasy or salty.  Fries were crisp and cooked nicely also.  Tables were clean.  They brought out the subs to us.
Just what I wanted... Great Italian Special Hoagie!  The cheese fries were awesome too!  So far the best hoagie I've had in Pittsburgh.
Harry is a nice guy! Affordable price! Sometimes there is a line but worth the wait. And don't forget the tips! He will be very happy!
Best Chinese in the city.  I always get the wonton soup - buttery and salty, with two big wonton. Lunch plates are lunch sized, but still generous. They have the best brown sauce of anywhere. Seating is a little snug, as they get filled to capacity every day of the week, but there's enough of a din to keep your conversations private.
Pepperoni pizza and BBQ wings were good. We ate there on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty much empty, close walk from marriott city center.
No hello .. No menus .. Goodbye ... People who came in after us received menus.  Diners in NYC are friendlier.  Be Nice or Leave .. Bull!
Best dive bar in Pittsburgh, interesting crowd, tons of beer choices, large menu and the fries were good. Then again, most everything tastes good when there's 32 Oz of Arrogant Bastard Ale in your belly. Great prices!
I love their food I get the fried chicken wings, yams & green beans!! delicious. I eat there all the time!!!!
Good pizza wings and beer after APFT and weigh in.Local bar with fairly good bar offerings, pizza, wings, burgers, etc., nothing groundbreaking. The pizza and wings are very solid, just good solid basics. my issue with Foli's is the price, for a local bar off the beaten path, they are very expensive. Beer is priced like you are at a hipster hangout in the South Side, and the pizza is exorbitantly  priced. For a single large pizza with two toppings you pay nearly $20. The food is good, just I think overpriced for what you get, when I stop in my local bar, and have pizza and wings, and a couple of beers, a tab nearly $50 is kind of steep.
Manager is AWESOME! place is consistent. Much love. *I'm lovin' it*Coffee is bomb. Place is crankin'.
Hole in the wall place ... But the food is so GREAT!!! Mmmmmm try the beef patty too .. They give u so much food for a good price..
He has the best chicken. Honestly everything is good. I drove 45 minutes to get it. I ordered a rib dinner combo with greens and Mac n cheese. You get a piece of pie with your meal and it was great. It was well worth the drive. Might go tomorrow just to get some chicken!!!
The next time they get an order right will be the first.   The manager I talked to (black lady in her 30's) was the most ignorant person I talked to. Actually yelling at me for wanting them to correct my order.
Came here while in Pittsburgh for work. Got the Pazzo Cheesesteak , very good. Ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza to go, it was excellent. Parking would be the worst part, but I'm sure the north east are is a lot different than Houston, not everything is in a strip center lol.
This place is really cool. So many birds. The shows were very interesting as well. The food court has some good pizza too.
Great afternoon for family fun. We loved spending time here & will be back. It was an amazing display of birds in their natural environment.
Great place to learn and watch birds. .  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I love how you can walk among the many birds.
The bread is amazing! Several choices in breads available and it's open almost 24x7! Tons of restaurants serve their bread. You have to treat your out of town guests to this treat!
This place is A1. The best bread in Pittsburgh. Every time I go to the bakery the product is fresh and the service is fast.
Very. Good  fish  sandwich. And  homemade  soups. Very. Good. Sevice.  Bartenders.    Very  nice
$3 drafts and half off small plates from 5-7 weekdays and you get a great view of downtown pirate burgh and front row seats for the passing coal trains!! bruschetta pomodora with shrimp was nice as was veggie flatbread (flatbread is a euphisism for very thin crust pizza, let's just call it pizza) .. my bartender , an energetic brunette, was friendly and efficient.. they have 3 or 4 local beers on tap in addition to the standards.. young professional looking crowd at happy hour ..
Great wings. Awesome sandwiches. Friendly staff. Could use some updates to bar for better tv viewing.
Get here early! Seats fill up quick!I love this theater. They always play movies for the longest and they oftentimes play movies that you can't see anywhere else. Very roomy and comfy. Prices are a little higher and it seems to be always crowded. Parking is a nightmare on a Saturday night.
Staff is always polite and movie selection is great! Prices aren't too bad and the viewing area is always clean. Only down side is that they don't have student discounts, but that's livable
Cheap. Fried. Bland.  Pretty much sums up the place. If you want it cheap and fast this is your place.
Blows any other hooters away. Prompt, attentive and clean. It was peak lunch time and everything was still great!
Love their catfish baskets but customer service is hit or miss! Some evening you may luck out and get a great server but on other days you may just bomb out. Usually a decent spot to get a quick meal.
We were sat quickly but then there was a slight delay in our waitress coming for our drink orders but I won't complain about that since my wife had to use the restroom anyway. The service overall was good, tho a little slow on bringing the food out. Which very likely could be the kitchens fault. The main issue with this place was the food. My sons burger was cooked well past well done and he wouldn't eat it. An 8 year old that usually eats well took about three bites and said he couldn't eat it. My wife ordered the Parmesan Crusted Chicken which was cooked nicely but it was pretty bland. I've had this dish at TGI Fridays before and this was subpar for them. I ordered the French Dip with no onions. Of course it came out with onions but no horseradish sauce. I'm not one to send it back (Ive seen the movie Waiting lol) so I picked off the onion and went on. The kicker was my Au Jus cup was cemented to the plate. I picked up the entire plate, food and all by lifting just the cup. How does this happen you ask? Well it was glued down with the cheese that should have been on my sandwich, unless that was cheese from the last patron lol. I probably shouldn't laugh at that.The only bright spot was our server. She was a little slow in things that came from the kitchen and seemed spread out across the restaurant. But she kept the smile and was very friendly. They're so many other great food choices in that area that there is absolutely no reason not to avoid this place and go somewhere with more passion for the food coming out of the kitchen.
gone!!!! finally went out of business. Can't believe it took This long.  Wonder what's coming next.
Great staff, atmosphere,  food and bands.  My husband and I also visit their location in Hickory.   Same great service and food there.
We got a lot of food for our money. Service was good and the food was great. I would go here again in a heartbeat.
Great service, friendly, and most of all, honest!Small business owner.Highly recommend.
Great breakfast! Family environment and friendly wait staff. Love bringing my family here for breakfast. Such a great place in Indian trail nc
We actually like this place. It's close to our house & have never really had any issues with the service or the food. I normally get the chicken lo mein and you get a lot. Granted, this is take-out Chinese. This is not PF Chang's and you are getting what you pay for. We have always liked what we get from Great China. Will say, the menu that is online when you google Great China is incorrect. So you may want to ask the price for what you are ordering to make sure you know what you are paying.
Nuther GC that feels like it is about to close. No used gear bought in. Much empty floor space.Really don't get it. They completely redid the guitar wall, which now features -- nothing interesting. All the used gear is stuffed in what used to be the bass room -- and what used to be the demo room with interesting amps and axes (used or not) is now a junk heap. Spent a good bit of money over the years in this store -- including a $800 MIJ Jackson Dinky that is still going strong six years on. Wish I could say the same about the store.
When we had an issue with our furnace we called MTB as they were recommended by a couple of friends. Our experience was great.  Fast, courteous, professional service. I would highly recommend MTB.
Always Great food and Great customer service! It's nice that they have specials for car dealers on Tuesdays!
Great food & large portions. Friendly staff & prompt service. We always try different dishes each time we go &  they are consistently delicious.
Good Mexican food quick. Good prices and family oriented. The price is good and definitely will be back again. The tableside guacamole is cool too. I like how the staff is dressed up and they treat everyone awesome.
Awesome service and even better food! The waiter was very attentive and helpful. The dishes are huge! I ended up getting chicken and beef enchiladas and they were very good even though I wish they had a little more meat in them but they were cooked perfectly. The beans and rice are awesome! They turned out to be my favorite part of the meal.
Go here all the time best Mexican in town. Service is great and food is never bad its always hot and ready .
Excellent food with an intimate feel. I prefer the back patio area. The menu changes almost daily and veggies come from local growers.
Starting it with a chocolate martini! And I had two of them, all while waiting on my sisters to arrive for their birthday. I love eating here with them because they always order Bang Bang Shrimp for an appetizer. Not only is the shrimp yummy but so is the garnish it sits on, it's like a mini salad. The Corn and Crab Chowder is my ultimate favorite. Sometimes I get a bowl as a meal and dip the bread in it, yummy. This time I had the Chilean Sea bass blackened with a side of lemon butter sauce served with mash potatoes and veggies, of course I added the soup also. This was my first time having this expensive fish and it was delicious. I am a salmon fan myself but keep seeing this fish on TV. The wait staff, manager, and bar staff were very professional yet friendly and warm. I felt very welcome to be there and will for sure be back.
This place is now closed. Not really sure when it closed but I pass it frequently and Google search local reveals that it is permanently closed.
Per the menu, ask for "no MSG" before ordering.Food isn't anything great but isn't terrible either. Be careful when sitting in or getting out of the booths as they're not secured to the floor. The employees are very nice and bring your food to your table for you. The fountain drinks are limited in selection (Pepsi products) but they do sell other options in bottles.
Way too expensive for the quality. $8 just got me a sub...no chips no drink! The staff was friendly though! So...if you don't mind paying that much for a mediocre sub.
Expensive for food that taste like nothing. I dont know if they forgot the sauce, ... The shrimps taste cheap.
We've only had pizza (numerous times) and it's always been excellent. A few times the garlic knots have been a little over done. We've usually ordered delivery, as we have small children. Definitely our favorite in the area.
Been going to Allison for almost 4 years and love her!!  She will take my fuzzy ideas and she brings them to life.  Very friendly and a great hairstylist.  The best!!!
Good food and good service. Great lunch specials. They have never gotten my order wrong. This is a little gem in dilworth; don't blink or you'll miss it!
The delivery is fast and reasonably priced. Food is always hott and delicious. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes thai.
This was in a cute old house that seemed like it had been a family's home at one point. The atmosphere is nice, it's fancy but not so much that you need to dress up. I had the crab cake and my boyfriend had the filet mignon, both were delicious! The mashed potatoes were great as well. Will be visiting this place again sometime soon!
Excellent seared Tuna Salad. Be careful with the wasabi dressing! It's rockin! It's in a great location and prices are very reasonable.
Flank steak with onion and horseradish sauce. Awesome. The house salad dressing is the best I've ever had.
Good food, diverse menu and decent service. Nothing too fancy it reminds me of food you could make at home if you worked hard at it. Kids menu and crayons were provided.
Best pico da gallo  in town!! Very fresh burritos! Friendly staff, good atmosphere. Large amount of food for the price! Much better than Moe's and Chipotle.
I eat here a few times a week. Great food and super cool people! BBQ tacos are my favorite. Always fresh pico and sauces. Parking is adequate even mid-day.
yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm. yurm. yurm.
I'm from San Diego, customer service not to good... They greeted me yes but half them are just sitting down and I'm still waiting like all these open people but none can doMy nails hmmm...
Elegant old Church. Beautiful details.Restaurant week again in Charlotte and have wanted to try Bonterra for some time.  Made reservations and drove down tonight to give them a try.It's in an old Church in Dilworth and they have preserved many of the original features.  While dining is Elegant, attire is somewhat more relaxed.  This place has some of the best wait staff I have experienced in the Charlotte metro area.  These are not kids making a few extra bucks or working their way though college.  The servers are older and professionals in theri craft.Restaurant is the Pre Fixe arrangement where you get three courses for a set rate of $30.  Bonterra like most places allow you to upgrade your entree for a nominal charge.  In my wife's case, she upgraded her hanger steak to a 8 oz fillet for an additional $12 which was still very reasonable.We both started with salads. She had the Kale Salad and I had the Baby Arugula. From the description it sounded very similiar to a salad I had had a Delmonico's at the Venetian in Las Vegas a number of years ago and it was indeed, very close.She had her fillet and I have the Pork Tenderloin with Peach Sauce.  Cooked to perfection, nice and moist and full of flavor.For dessert, we both had fruit and cheese trays which were a perfect compliment to an otherwise perfect evening.We ill be back and probably will not wait for Restaurant Week to provide and excuse.
My absolute favorite place to enjoy a great glass of wine. Amazing service. Very knowledgable bar tenders and servers. I highly recommend.
Great store! Something for everyone and they owners/staff are very friendly! From cards to books to home/bar gifts you could spend hours in this place (and I often do). Also don't miss out if they do a sidewalk sale!
Just great fried chicken! Have become a regular when a fix is needed. No onsite eating unless your car is considered. Mostly always packed with customers, but product moves fast. The prices are very reasonable.
Great spot to chill and enjoy your coffee. This is where I usually meet my friends and do some school work . Great environment
If there's another ER available go there. What an expensive mistake I made coming here. I came with elevated hypertension and chest pains. I'm still in a waiting room after 2.5 hours full of homeless just spending the night. There have been two impending violence warning announcements and several calls for security since I've been here. I asked to leave to go to the Pineville ER on my own but they tell me they'll charge me for two visits. Place is filthy!Unbelievable! They just took a woman that came in 2 hours after me.Why oh why did I come here instead of going to Pineville like I usually do?Have now been here over 11 hours:- seen a real doctor once- haven't had the same nurse more than twice- have had to repeat personal info etc. again because within the same hospital the computer systems aren't compatible.- since coming in for ER cardiac care:--- 95 % of the time I have been unobserved by a medical professional--- at least 25% of the time the three different sets of monitoring equipment I've been attached to have failed.I just received a call from my cardiologist and find that this hospital has neither notified or consulted with his office even though I informed them of his and my relationship during admittance to the ER last night and again in this area.Finally got around to the stress test. Was told that it would be a nuclear stress test but turned out to be stress w/ultrasound. Right hand doesn't know....You have to ask and push for things to happen and make the do what they said they would or you'll just sit there ignored while they do their things elsewhere; squeaky gets the grease.Finally did get to speak to an intelligent Doctor. I was beginning to wonder. Got great explanations and updates plus explorations I could understand about options and symptoms. Cool!Now waiting on cardiologist review of data and recommendations.
Love this place. They have the best sushi in town . Night lights looks awesome !!! The night I was there was little crowded but oh well worth of waiting .    I love this place .
Loved everything Fresh food and friendly peopleWhat else could you wantCan not wait for the next round
Friendly service legit tacos. trust me i was raised in California. Very busy is always a good sign.
The crab & shrimp dip is excellent! The tacos are too. Just be careful. This food is spicy! It's delicious but spicy!The waitress was excellent. I also love that they give you free chips & salsa. I absolutely can not wait to go back there!
Great food and service. Tacos r on point. Place is outside the city but definitely worth the trip out.
Amazing..... Wonderful food & atmosphere. .A must try. The people were friendly, the food was so good. Will be a regular place to visit.
Meh. No macaroons. Cold standoffish worker seemed mad about something. Rolled his eyes multiple times and got angrier the more questions we asked him, even after we apologized explaining it was our first time here. It didn't really make sense, but the food, coffee, or hot chocolate wasn't worth going back to possibly receive an attitude with. Just stopped in on our way to Sadu, won't be returning. We ordered a lemon bar, a chocolate chip muffin, a small hot coco, and a medium decaf mocha coffee. Which came up to about $10.18 not really worth it.  I really wanted to like this place because it's on my way to school too. Darn.
CASH ONLY!!! Good Service!!As far as the food is concerned, I'll just say I am not impressed.  Its TOO cheap!  I am not looking for the cheapest price for the cheapest food.  I am not a college freshman anymore.  Instead, I am looking for QUALITY food at a reasonable price.  With that being said, you can taste the cheapness in the food.The service was top notch however.  I cannot say enough about how friendly the staff was.  This might be the one and only place I would go back to DESPITE the food and simply for the service.
Slow on Saturday. I've been seated 55 minutes and still no food. Finally got my food after 1 hour 10 minutes.  The food is excellent! Fresh cooked to order which is good but the cook needs a sous chef.  I sat at the counter twice on Saturdays and it was like this both times.  I could easily see what's going on at the grill.  They need someone standing next to the cook chopping and prepping.  He does everything and it slows him down.  Love the staff but I don't have 1-1/2 hours to eat breakfast.
Sadly it has closed. For good. 7/4/15 which is a loss for a place that has been apart of the landscape for 40 years. I have heard that reopened a new place in the burbs somewhere.
Nice venue for seeing shows.  Be aware that the theater is older and the knee space is a bit limited.  The acoustics totally make up for it though!
The best biscuits I have ever had IN MY LIFE!!!I love coming here!!  So cozy - feels like your mom's kitchen.  Always bustling with activity and wonderful smells emanating from the kitchen.  My favorite dish here is actually the tomato soup.  Nothing better on a rainy day or really any day.  Creamy and onion-y ('throw a mint in that dumpster!' it is my favorite thing on the menu.  Also fantastic are the chicken and dumplings, the biscuits are the best i have ever had, and the perfect accompaniment to the soup is the BLT.  Service is always fast and quick.  There is a bar upstairs in the back that is cozy and a great place to have an intimate drink with your beau.Give it a try!!  You will love it too!  :-D
I love this place!! Food for the heart and soul . Chicken and dumpling is my favorite . It feels like eating in grandmas kitchen
Always yummy. Everything here is so good! The del sir burrito, meatloaf, and chicken and dumplings are a few of my favorites... But you really can't go wrong!
Awesome food! Great, quick service! Laid-back atmosphere!!! When I ordered the Throw Down Nachos with Veggie Chili, the waiter informed me that it was a HUGE dish! It certainly was; though, totally worth it! This is the city's best chili joint.
Michelle and Allison are the dream team baristas! Best iced white mocha in Charlotte.
You call it. Night already starting right. The burger was ok . I like the pimento chesse. The burger was seasoned. If I had to come back to charlotte , I would comeback , but I wouldn't say it a place you have to try.
Fried chicken is the bomb...good outdoor dining in a cool part of town. Now that The Penguin is gone, this is the place to eat.
NO BURGERS OR FRIES!  Walk-up standPretty neat to see my second walk-up DQ in the Queen City, but not cool at all when I still cannot find a DQ that serves up those awesome flame-grilled burgers and really good fast food fries to complement the blizzard effect.  Sad that I had to resort to hitting McD's a mile down the road instead for the burger craving.  Still got the hubs a chocolate milkshake here. They've changed shake cups (and decreased them in size), and even with a clear plastic cup the staff still didn't manage to mix the bottom part of the shake up well enough.
They are rude here so no bueno :( who doesn't like Dairy Queen right? Man I wanted this hotdog and Oreo Shake so bad and it was everything I imagined it would be. Nothing like washing down a hotdog with ketchup and slaw and an Oreo blizzard. Mouth watering. Not very impressed with the service. Most were very friendly but the manager running it was actually very mean. Nothing like going somewhere and being made to feel like an idiot. That's the only reason I'm giving 3 stars. The food is awesome. But I think that one manager hates her job. It's not cool to treat customers like they are stupid. Not cool at all.
Great service and great food. The desert was amazing and the portions are so big!My daughter and I came here and then returned with our whole family the next week. Both times it was great!
Love the fresh ingredients and different flavors. Really enjoyed our meals and will be back again soon
Love this place!!  Ask for the homemade extra spicy hot sauce!!    I would recommend having an extra glass of water, it has 6 different types of hot peppers to include Ghost! Peppers.  Bubble tea is amazing too, any kind!
Is there an option for 0 stars? This is the worst place. They think a renovation is just a thick paint job. The office staff doesn't care about what you need, the birds are crazy around the apartments in the back and fly into the glass doors and die on the patios. Maintenance is always late coming into the apartments. I have even tried to contact the district property manager and after multiple messages she has not tried to contact me back. LOOK ELSEWHERE
I grew up in New Orleans and this place taste like home!  Just solid good eats. It's worth battling the parking lot for the awesome oyster Po boy or shrimp or red beans and rice.  Haven't had a bad meal here ever!
Squash casserole is the best! Love the chicken too! My new favorite fast food that doesn't taste fast :) try them !
Eat Drink RoCo! !! Great Food and atmosphere! !! Love it!## The chicken was excellent and the sides Great!!! Our plates where clean!!!
Friendly and fast service! I only waited a few minutes for my inspection. The guys were very nice and polite, even explained the bill to me and ran through what was required for inspection since I was new to the state.
best bike shop in the area!!! From selection to service to consultation, this LBS is AWESOME! The staff are all riders & many are or have been accomplished racers who can advise you on all of your bike related questions! They are friendly & professional! The Service Dept is fast, thorough, and does not over-sell or charge for service. This is an excellent retailer for all your bicycling needs! Check them OUT!!!
The best Italian in Charlotte.  Period.  I have been going there on Sunday night for 20 years.  The food, the people and the ambience cannot be replaced by any other restaurant I have ever frequented.
Great spot. Love their pasta dishes and they have great sandwiches as well. Not many know, but they probably have the best Philly cheesesteak in Charlotte
Great customer service and quality. The more you bring the better the price. I usually have 18 articles of clothing and my bill is usually under $40. It's my go to for business shirts. Wash and press is usually under $2. Make sure you specify the amount of starch your want. As another rater said, the default is no starch. They don't only do clothing. My dog felt that my couch needed to be puked on. Star Cleaners were able to get those delightful chunks out of the couch along with the plethora of dog hair.The nice little ol' lady that owns the place is super awesome and very welcoming. The turn around time is good as well. I would say my clothes are usually ready within 2 days. If you need it quicker and you ask nicely they might be able to get it to you sooner. The location is super convenient to anybody residing in the South End and the value is pretty much unmatched. Trust me, I've checked prices in other neighborhoods. So if you want to look your professional best or your lack the ironing skills taught in catholic school, Star Cleaners & Laundry is your place.
Great food Great Service Great AtmosphereAs a person who travels often I dine out a lot. It was refreshing to got to a place that is casual with great food. Our server was attentive and it was a great experience. Thank you
Need to walk in? The earlier the better...only waited 5 minutes!  :-) We take our 2 dogs here and the staff is great, especially since I have to take both dogs together (even if only one has the appointment) b/c they can't travel apart. Great place and staff for our doggies!
Excellent food and service in a well managed restaurant.  The bison meatloaf very good and the steak was outstanding.  Perfectly prepared and served.
As always Michael has a great crew and great food..    black bean chicken yummmmmmmI always enjoy going to Shun  Lee ! !   :)
Excellent service quality local farm food. Always fresh . Very unique menu!! Lots of delicious choices on the menu . It changes regularly. I have come here for lunch as well . Never a disappointment
OMG, findly, a real coffee place! And damn grate coffee! from now on every time i am up there i will be stopping in here a lot!
We came into town after a long day of driving. After checking into the hotel we needed a good meal. O'Charley's was the choice because of the variety. You have to come here! The food is great. The service is better! The bartender, Latoya (Toya)is top notch. Our food arrived fast and piping hot. Overall if you want a melt in your mouth prime rib, delicious seafood, and veggies cooked...just so; visit O'Charley's.
Fast cut and only $13Is it was it is.  I'm pretty bald these days, so I don't really care too much.  They write down the way you got it cut before, so if you don't like make sure they know.  Its a chain, so they can be found where ever/whenever.
Hello friends,Call in your order, gets kinda crowded!!! I used to come here often years ago. Also,to the other location on Independence. This location is Dine-In/Pick-Up. Very clean, that may be due to the fact of it being so small on the inside. Small as diners can be, this one packs a punch.  And if you get here at peak lunch time... It pack em in.I've now been twice for lunch. Hot Dogs, fries & Milk Shake. All were good, but honestly it's a hot dog & fries. (How hard it that) I will say the fries were better than standard fries, and the food is always hot & ready in 10 mins usually.I don't usually hand out 5 stars. I do when the service is consistent, the food is consistent, wait time is consistently good, and lastly a fair price. All of which they ball spot on..TTFN
Pleasant staff, quick service, wonderful food.I was coming off the terrible Wendy's service where they ruined my meal, and wanted Chinese, and discovered this personal heaven.
Good spot for beer sports and food.I've been here 3 days in a row while on business in the area. Great food and close to the local hotels. Trivia night tonight. Great ambiance. I'm guessing I'll be back tomorrow (trivia pun!!). Plus: Fat Tire on tap. A treat for a Canadian who can't get Fat Tire at home. Cheers!
Quick service 95% of the time and 95% of their cabs are new and clean!!!! Great job yellow cab for setting the bar high for other cab companies !!!!!
Terrible pizza. Such a disappointment. Never order there again! Plus...they stuck my side of hot sauce in the pizza. Pissed me off.
Love the convenience of the redbox and inexpensive products! Staff is always helpful when i go in....
Great food ! Large amounts at a good price! The dinner combinations are great and hearty and the fried rice is the best for Miles.
Guacamole is on point. Service is great, the best I've seen. The food was good.
Worst place I've ever been to    No service or women. I would never come in this place ever again.  Women are not attractive and staff is even worse.Beer is almost $8 with no girls in sight.  What a joke.  This place is the worst place I've ever been to and I've been all over the world.
Great barbecue and great prices. We had the pulled pork with Carolina sauce, Mac n cheese and hush puppies. All excellent. The place was very reasonably priced as well.
Get here early for lunch...they get filled up. Sandwiches are great as is the soup.  I have moved from Charlotte, but I have never found an egg salad that competes.
This place is slow as shit. Waited 35 minutes for food. Wasn't even busy and wait was forever. Still waiting. Long wait for food.
33 Export Vietnamese beer!  My favorite Vietnamese place!I enjoyed another huge bowl of bun (my fave).  This time it was no. 46 with grilled chicken and pork spring roll but I also enjoy the one with grilled beef.  My dinner companions also tucked into huge steaming bowls of beef pho and tofu veggie dishes.  We had a round of shrimp and veggie summer rolls in rice paper. Washed it down with "33" Expo vietnamese beer too. Siagon Palace never disappoints!  Huge and savory portions that are "almost" too pretty to eat.  I never have left overs!  A great South Charlotte destination for a taste of Vietnam!
Absolutely delicious. Best pho in town.Great service. The bubble tea are also to die for.
Decent Pho with pretty standard options and served in good sized portions. Service is quick so they are great for a quick lunch break.Overall, I'd say everything is pretty standard from the decor, red linens under glass table tops, Asian decor, water fountain, and fish tank all the way down to the fortune cookie at the end of the meal.
Best meatball sub..light marinara..some on the side...yummmy. the meal for 1 person does tend to be on the high for deli style subs. For now it is my go to shop for my meatball sub.I gave it three stars for the price and because it never fails i always gave to wipe down my table before having a seat. Always crumby and ate on from previous folk. Next time i go back i will get a free pickle bucket for when i donate 2$ dollars to charity!
Good food and wonderful service, unlimited Dosas were awesome. Chicken tandoori was delicious.. Limited items in buffet but what ever items on buffet menu was delicious . Will give a try again .
The service and food is great!!! Doesn't look like much from outside but packs a big punch with food!! Did I mention the price was great also!! Stop by this Gem when you can. I wish I could take them back to New York with me
Great service. Food could be more complex and flavorful. Overall, the experience was nice.
Salt and Pepper catfish is off the chain! Came back the following day for more!  Service is so-so as they have one waitress but other than that, highly recommend!
Okay.... Wasn't that bad, but wasn't that good. Service was pretty solid, pretty quick, price was normal of what you would find at any Chinese place. If only the food was as good as some others.
Best stinking GRINDERS you have had since you moved South of the Mason Dixon Line! Friday's special are awesome,  The real deal if you like Prime Rib the way you want it cooked.  Medium Rare!
The wings are outstanding.  Also have great potato skins and shrimp.  Their staff is great and always a relaxing place to go have a cold beer.  Must stop there to get some wings!!!
Super knowledgeable shoe people.  Two women working men & women sides.  Wife and I very happy.  I thought this was just a cowboy store, but found that it has a lot of regular clothing and, of course, shoes and boots.  Quite a varied selection.Prices are really good and look for coupons as they frequently advertise and have specials.  We had a 40% off and met the price level, so were pleased.Staff is amazingly friendly.  They go out of their way to help you.  In the women's shoe section there was my wife and two other ladies and there must have been 30 boxes of shoes.  Not a problem.We will become regulars.
It's chick fil a. No examination needed5 stars no questions asked. Employees are very polite
Please don't go to this nail salon. Worst nail service ever! My top over coat is not smooth. My nails literally started cracking after leaving the shop, I will never understand hence its a gel fill in. She filed me so hard she cut me deep. I hate leaving bad reviews but I hope this helps someone because I learned a valuable lesson .
Wrost service. Not a customer friendly restaurant. Limited quantity. Additional charges even if we ask for more chutney or sambar. Had to wait 20 mins for bill.
AWFUL ,even the manager  does not have customer service  skills. I will never  go back there.  I can't tell you  how bad this location is. Not clean, not friendly  employees, ...... I could keep  typing,but I wont, for now. THE WORST EXPERIENCE I'VE  HAD AT ANY RESTAURANT!!!!!!!
How are you gonna close the store 10 mins early? I needed some milk gosh dagnit! The baby was hungry and people were still trying to get in!This might be the dullest star in the Teeter line up. This one is ghetto. It's dirty in comparison to other Teeters and the food, especially the seafood never looks fresh! Ah oh well. When it's this close, who am I to complain about convenience.
There was roaches, it stunk and there was a nasty looking stain in the covers. The owners should put some dedication into their hotel.
Great food, great service. I love the salad bar, it's always fresh and the soups are yummy.
I love this place.  People are so nice.Tried the Johnny Cashew, nothing inherently wrong with the sandwich but it is a pb and j sandwich with turkey and onions.  Not my cup of tea.  Devoured it anyway.I keep coming here and I have started to hanker for the plane Jane potato.  Great value at this place.Store is so clean now.
All I can say is the southern wings with the gravy is absolutely amazing! Never had an issue here and I usually order pick up. My old roommate and her brother introduced me to this place.
Love this place. Great place to spot for a quick, good breakfast. I love to come in here because they are quick, friendly and the amount of food for the price is perfect! Sweet tea is good but my favorite breakfast item is their toast. I don't know why but it is always perfect!!!
The order was taken correctly but the person at last window gave me the wrong item. No time to back for them to fix a mistake...
Okay breakfast. Staff was nice.A bit slow for a Saturday morning...took them a fee extra minutes for our food. Breakfast menu on part with any fast food joint.
Good service and nice people.  The food is made like at home but with no work from me!
Good southern country cooking , great prices nice sized portions I had grilled salmon , collard greens, coconut pie delicious ..
Always shop here for baby things. No complaints! They are helpful, and have a lot of clearance sections .
Great food, consistent and good value. Gyro Platter is good! #6 very good. Greek salads always good.
Food is great .   Inside needs a remodel. Free fresh baked cookie. The dressing is well balanced.
Worst Chinese food I have ever eaten.  Going back to Wan Fu which has been great for 20 years.
Owners changed last year and it is now only fair. Just had a pastrami sandwich and it was very bland.
Great lobster queso appetizer and creme brûlée cheesecake for dessert. We always eat here for special occasions. Entrees are all great, depending on your taste and the service is always great as well.
The steaks are terrific and the atmosphere is great! We have been going there for years and we are always pleased with our experience!
Great food.  to eat here when in the area. I really don't like to be interrupted while enjoying my food, this staff understands that.
Nice interaction, quick serviceOrganic milk is always reasonable price, and good quality
Pretty good take out ...not bad one of the better options in the area..I personally like the sesame chicken and there sa cha beef ...also the kung pao
Hippy, hipster grocer with delicious hot food and awesome staff!I think that the Co-ops in Milwaukee should look to Willy as a model. This place has got it all! I was especially impressed by their large selection of bulk items (even lotions!). Go there now!
So amazing. Knowledgeable and awesome to work with. They helped my daughter hey of her needs permanently and she is now in perfect health!
Excellent coffee and pastries. Fun place to chill and wifi out. The atmosphere is artsy and colorful. The furniture is comfortable.  Great  place.
Great vibe....perfect Madison coffee house when you're downtown! The atmosphere is comfortable, there's  enough seating and the staff are friendly.Not to mention, great treats for the morning snack.
Best in the city. Coffee, variety of baked goods and service earns it top honors. Very well maintained and great variety of seating arrangements make it a most enjoyable place to meet friends over coffee or smoothies or whatever's. Wonderful.
Parthenon has the best gyros and fries I've ever tasted. That's all I can say. Blabalabalabalabalabalaba. Only adding this cuz apparently my review is too short
Great vegetarian options, subtle and delightful flavored. Colorful and cozy. The dal soup is an inviting beginning to the meal. After the meal it is so hard to choose just one of the desserts, especially for those who enjoy cardamom flavor.
Very good flavor! Hits the spot! The bean soup was amazing! I also had the chicken dish that was very tasty!
hamilton's on the square coming soon!!! After 22 years the Blue Marlin has closed the doors to make room for a new restaurant. It will be a great addition to the Pickney Hamilton corner. HAMILTONS
Delicious food but terrible service. We waited for ages to place our order, ran out of water, then had to beg to pay the check. Most tables turned over while we waited for everything.
In the mood for comfort Indonesian food? It exists!We ordered from Bandung about a year ago, and I know I loved my indo mac n cheese. We somehow never made it into the building itself until a Yelp Elite event. Yay!Nice interior, and especially nice bar area. Big and open. The bartender was sassy and funny, and made us some great cocktails. Helloooo, Thai Iced Tea. We also nibbled on bites like cream cheese filled wontons and chicken wings (well, Derek did that one).For our meals, Derek got chicken pad thai and I got the tofu fried rice. We ordered them off the small bites/happy hour menu. SO cheap! Derek's pad thai was much better than my fried rice. It was peanut-y and not too sweet. My fried rice was just a little too dry for my taste, but I liked the flavor overall. And each plate was piled high.Thanks for a great treat! Can't wait to visit again and try something new.
My favorite steakhouse in Madison. Always a perfect medium rare. The baked potatoes are great too. Their cocktails are always a surprise. The late night menu is excellent; top notch in Madison.
Sirloin stake.... Fantastic. The best I have ever tried.....The place is nice and always busy....
Burgers way over cooked and overpriced. Fries were ok. Maybe expectations were a bit high. Menu is limited. Probably a great place to drink beer though.
Ordered for 5 pm at 1pm. Cab comes at 5:30 pm. 15 degrees. Fail. Yelp wants me to add more, but there's not really much more to add....
My favorite hotel in Madison.  Especially if you upgrade to the governors club.Rooms are great and the staff ate friendly.  Open bar at the governors club.
Best brunch I have ever had. Omelets are absolutely fantastic, as are the breakfast burritos and bloody Mary's!
I love this Starbucks in spite of myself.  It's a bit grimy and crowded but because of it's unique location, poised at the tip of State St., it's inserted itself right into the center of Madison student life.When I went to college at UW, there was a warm, gray-haired barista who would sometimes be the only human contact I'd have all day.  I'd see her at 6am (This Starbuck is open the earliest of all the downtown coffee-shops) and her warmth would make my day.  I came back to visit recently and she was still working!  How nice that some things don't change.Some advice:Study upstairs it's comfy and quiet and has it's own bathrooms.  Downstairs is more for socializing.They have special deals around finals weekThey are open ungodly earlyThey are a hub for the homeless population in Madison.  Make of that what you will.This location has the reliability of any Starbucks anywhere--an internet connection that doesn't cut in and out, cute spaces for reading, calming music, strong coffee, chewy rich bakery treats.  Ideally I'd like to support local coffee shops but I come here because they just do it better than anyone else!
My favorite Coffee place in Madison !The capuchino is strong, the pastries are good, and the service is excellent.I also like the ambiance, relax and eclectic.
Gotta love this place. Excellent sandwiches and soups and nice staff. I would recommend the daily specials- every time I tried I was very glad I did.
Amazing food! I love how all the food ingredients are from WI! I had the duck confit and it was amazing! The service and atmosphere was great!
A very relaxing place on weekdays. Loved the iced mint latte, which had a lot of peppermint leaves within the drink, and the coffee also smelled really good!
Guy was rude and had zero patience! They didn't have what I wanted but sold me on a more expensive option which I took just to leave the store.
Best Thai I've had in the Mid-west. It reminded me a lot of the Thai that I have had in San Diego.  Very delicious.  They never asked me how spicy I wanted the food, but otherwise it was great.  The food wasn't too spicy though.  When I have Thai, I am always concerned about the heat.  The Panang Curry was outstanding.  It had just the right amount of peanut sauce to coconut milk.  AnThe restaurant is in a strip mall, but don't let the looks deter you.  The food is what you come for.  They give you a lot, so make sure that you have a big appitite or take some home. And as always the Thai Iced Tea is delicious.
Where the west was won. Also, a patio worth pondering.Prices are steep but service is solid. And the ambiance is interesting. Older crowds. Grandparents. But enjoyable for this gkjsnclforktnsndijrbethirty something.
Amazing lamb chops. Great service and dessert was amazing. Great location. Easy toFind being from out of town.
Caesar salad - not so good.Restaurant on Regent and West Wash was kind of dirty, too.
Best pizza in Madison and the service is excellent! Its quick and the staff are very friendly !
sure, I like buying music online but, nothing beats some chill time just browsing discs and looking for something new.  Groovy selection of discs and vinyl...two thumbs up :)
I love the antipasto and the #13 on Asiago. Gino's never disappoints. The service is always great too, a true Madison original.
Terrible customer service. You can tell the ladies that work here do not enjoy their job. Management should look into hiring new people. Consumer advice.
Authentic, fabulous flavors. Got the combo. Bread homemade!  Will come back! Even the husband loves it!!!!
Really cute homey diner! Gave you your money's worth and great comfort food!! Awesome service!!!!
Great food and great service! Love coming in for a quick bit to eat or a night cap. It has a fun atmosphere!
Don't tell anyone but this place kicks ass. The pizza is great, the staff is incredibly friendly and it's an old school vibe. I was in town for work and a good friend tipped me off about the bourbon selection so I made it a point to come by. I feel like I'm lucky to have even figured out where it was as you'd probably have a hard time finding it if you didn't have a local with you. Luckily I did. This was one of my favorite little hideaways I've found anywhere. A true Madison gem and I hope I get to experience it again. It will be a priority on future trips.
Great thin crust pizza! Cute interior and great service. Reminds me of a 1950's family style Italian restaurant. Friendly wait staff.
Love Panara anywhere. This location is my favorite! They always remember my previous orders and get it right every time!!
There are many choices for lunch including  salad with all you can eat soup.  The rest of the lunch specials are on the back of the menu.  Eventhough this is a chain, I wasn't sure that they'd cater to a fast lunch crowd.
Yummy... best coffee in town. Very cozy and the staff is so nice... the food is tasty!!!!
Simple! Great delivery Chinese! Fast delivery and terrific food. Love the fried rice always with each dish.
Love this place! Fast, friendly and the food is great! I've had a lot of different things here. This is the best Chang Jiang location in Madison.
Love it here! Best springrolls and pho in town! This place is always super busy for this reason but it's worth the wait. The owners and wait staff are also very nice!
Can be better if they put bit more attention to finishing foods and customer needs...masala tea is ofcource nor good
The food is ok.. Nonveg is good esp kababs.. But no consistency.. Sometimes the food is really good and sometimes meh.. They were really good when they had reopened and now quality of food seems to be degrading.
I've been in clubs all over the nation and this is one of the best.  The rooftop soccer is fun in the summer and the kids love the childcare.
Always great service and a good value. Highly recommended for many repairs including shoes, luggage, and clothes.
Excellent food.   Very nice atmosphere without being stuffy.  Steak is the obvious choice and it's a good choice.
It was great service was quick friendly really enjoyed the garlic shrimp place was clean and left completely stuffed
Free toppings on tuesday and the specials continue for each day of the week.I think I am going to keep this place for the kids.  Neon colored frozen yogurt was totally up their alley. While I give them kuddos for keeping little people happy, I would rather have something without all the coloring.
You have saved five million dollars today!ok, ok... right now they seem to be saving my butt lately as my children are growing 2" every week.   If I use my Kohl's charge card, coupon's, Kohl's cash, it seems like a good deal... but I wonder how this all works with their mark up's.  I will thank them profusely for having snow pants yet in December when most of the other stores are already out.  (Hate that retail stores do this-  Try looking for gloves in February!)The past year it seems like their fashion lines have stepped it up a notch, customer service has been peppy, so I'll be back next week, I'm sure.
Had the quesadilla and it was good. Loved the old school atmosphere to the place! Also had the fizzy phosphate drink which was quite unique :)
Some of the best food in town. Burgers are buttery and the fries are crisp and soft! The best Fried chicken as well.
Top notch food and service.  Try the skinny dippers!  We stopped here on a road trip for lunch and will hit it again on the way back !
Bad service, super slow. Don't come here if you really wanna just get something to eat. 30 mins waiting, can't believe it. The server just drop the plates in my table, so rude!
I have been using for business lunch/dinner.   Nice atmosphere, good servings.  Foods are ok, but they got nice wine selections.
Very very slow drive through. Waited way too long at the speaker.  Maybe about 15 minutes then decided it didn't work so I proceeded to exit the drive through.  Once you enter this drive through there is no way out.  I was blocked by a truck at the window for another 5 or 10 minutes.  So basically I spent at least 20 minutes in this drive through and did not get any food.  Which is OK with me but I was getting the food for my Mom who had a procedure done at Carle and was starved!!
I had the Italian beef and fries it was awesome! Prices are great and portions are large. Great value!
These guys are the best. Don't think about calling anyone else! That is all. Quick service, absolutely reliable. It's a pleasure to give them such a glowing review.
I don't care for flying but it's way better then a 10 hour drive!!US Airways has never disappointed me in a flight. They have always been on time for me, never lost my luggage and are efficiant in the work they do. The flight attentends have always been kind and helpful. If I have the choice I will always chose US Airways.
Shitty airline. Nothing else to say. All the planes are old, some of the crew cares, most don't. If you can get on another airline please do so.
Hands-down awful people, service and aircraft. Some of the flight crew are fine people but on the whole. Incompetent staff members who seem to giggle and get off on the fact that no one knows what's going on. Please make sure you never take them if you have medical anxiety. They don't take your health into account.P.S. How much are they paying Yelp to have their few five star reviews on top of their page. It's truly hilarious how abundant their poor reviews are.
Terrible service! Never again!  Flights were always delayed. No explanations from the staff. Very poor customer service and rude employees.
2 hr delay and counting so far. I could have driven to Vegas.Updated to one star. After taking a half day off, paying for parking, boarding the dog, waiting 2 hours for a delayed "plane swap", departing the gate, then returning to the gate for mechanical issues with our replacement plane, and now 1 agent to take care of customer service issues... I won't be flying US Airways again.
Excellent waitress Tara was amazing with our group of 23+. Great food!  The weather was amazing and the outside seating was perfect.
So far so good. Nice atmosphere.  Friendly service. Great selection of whisky. I haven't tried the food yet but when I do, I'll let you know.
It's what you expect from an Irish pub. One of my favorite bars downtown. It's an old building with a lot of character. Great place to have a drink...
Very disappointing experience for this Arizona landmark. Lousy food, poor service and got the bill wrong and argued about it.
If you want the best then you need to partner with the team at O'Neil. They are far more than just a printer --- they are your partner in business.
Great rental. Good service. Fast process. Was in and out without having to stop at the desk. I have been to Hertz in other locations and this was by far the fastest exit. I was able to leave at return and not wait for anyone. Can't get easier than that.
Bronson is the shit! That motherfucker knows customer service!Need more people that are customer oriented.Good hire Hertz!
Shop local! Costumes! Gags! Props! Wigs! Love it! I needed help with props, mustache, and wig for a Sonny Bono 60s gig. Easley's had what I needed. There is an AMAZING amount of stuff in one place!
These guys are the best place to get special make up! The employees here are always helpful! They will even order speciality makeup and latex if they don't have it in house.
Laura is a great stylist. I have a pixie cut and she does a wonderful job with it. Availability is good and price is great. It's reduced for pixie cuts. Free trims between visits too which is helpful with this style of cut.
Fresh food. Fast service. Huge salads! I love this place!I ordered "it's all Greek to me" salad with chicken for a total $9.19. This thing can easily feed two people. Very tasty even without dressing. It took less than 10 minutes from order to out the door. This is my go to place when downtown. It has a huge variety and it is done well. I highly recommend again and again!
Fly any other airline.  This one is pathetic.  Crowded smelly terminal and old planes.  Yikes what a disaster.
Funny crew good service. I would fly them again for sure. If it ant boeing it ant going.
They've got a live DJ!!Just had to get that out there. I've had the misfortune of a bad experience out in their Scottsdale location, but when I had a girlfriend in town who had just been craving fried chicken, well. There's really not any other place in Phoenix to go to. Except Mrs. White's. And they weren't open late enough.I didn't know what to expect. I knew that the food would probably be good. That it was in a ghetto part of town. Not to be on a diet before I got here. The basics. I was really quite impressed. They had clearly renovated recently. It's bright and stylish and modern. Very busy, and quite loud, thanks to the crowd of people and aforementioned DJ. The food is straight up soul food fare- chicken and waffles, beans and rice, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. You can get kool aid or lemonade or sweet tea in giant mason jars. The food came out quickly, but was piping hot and fresh. (Unlike our experience with the other location.) My chicken had beautifully crispy skin. My grits were okay. A bit thick and gooshy, but really the star of the show here is the chicken, so frankly I didn't care too much that the sides were a little more mediocre. We were so stuffed to the gills at the end we had no room for red velvet cake or any of the tempting sweets. Till next time, Lo-lo's. Till next time.
Amazing! Most people do the Scottsdale location, but you really need to check out this original location ( the 1st LoLo's) and see how it all started. For some reason I think the food taste better here.Update the 1st local is no more but has been relocated to a new building just a few doors down the street. Also there is now a location inside Terminal 4 at Sky Harbor Airport.
Worst service ever guy in pink shirt! Waited 45 mins for tacos. Food is good when you can get it. Gave the place two tries for better experience.
This place is amazing. You can't go wrong stopping in here. They are so friendly. The atmosphere is so welcoming. I come here a couple times a week
Love this place... never had anything we didn't like !The owners Mike and Bonnie are great :) Nightly specials (my favorite  is Thursday  wing night ) .
At $14.50...a basic wash is not cheap! However, they are thorough as hell with the interior so there's good value. It's an "upsell" car wash, so expect the customary pitch to interior shampoo/detail interior & exterior, etc.
Ghetto and slow AF. Have given it a lot of chances since i live nearby but.. Jeez not coming back.
Bad feeling about foods and services. We came with 2 women, 3 men and 2 kids, the waiter fogot to bring the drink for us, the beef burn when they fried and used to make the salad.
Fantastic food!! First time here but definitely not the last!!!Next time I'm going for the Stromboli
What is there to say, it's garbage food. Unless you're eating to filth off the dollar menu, for a couple dollars more go across the street.
Great people,  great service very fast and respectfulOil change done in 20 minutesThanks
Westly is great!!!! Great local bar!!!  Good selection. Even have six packs to go. Good times!!
Cool looking place prices are good..very nice place will definalty have to go back again.
Great burgers,  very reasonable prices. .. cold beer. They also have daily food specials.
Not a complaint. Great museum. Bring your own excitement!Jhtfbdhjdhggkdgjfgjxdhbzfhscszcnffhgfhfhgf
Awesome Food!! Always a sure bet for great Mexican food. Open late. Green chile our awesome!!
Again dave never fails..got me in and out..always has freightliner windshields in stock
OMG where has this place been in my life?The Vermicilli with egg on top?  Wow.Clean, fast service & so tasty.
best pho in town for the price :) the owners are very chill and will even converse and have small talk before and after you eat :)
Best place for Vietnamese food and pho on the planet. I've been coming here for years. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone. A+
Great service! Honest and fair. No wonder they have been in business for so long!I have been dealing with a lot of different people and garages lately. These guys have been honest and have done things super quickly and reasonably. They don't overprice you and they don't charge you for something you don't need.
Fast and friendly lunchtime service. In and out in less than 30min. Food hot and fresh! The staff make you feel as if you are important and even remember regular customers and what they order. There was a postman that arrived after I did, the waitress greeted him, and told him his regular order, and he said it was correct. I will go here whenever I am in the area and want Pizza!
Always excellent!!! The food is amazing and the service is on point!!! I come here at least twice a week and it is always a wonderful experience.
Great company to use for moving.  Will use again.   Used Beltmann Relocation Group back in April.
Iconic AZ shopping with excellent markdowns on sale items.This is an excellent location to shop all things Arizona.  This little enterprise and its publication has done more to grow Arizona's population than just about any other factor.  It has also convinced unknowable numbers of humans to try for better photos.  Approaching a century old, nine years younger than the state, it's got lots more than magazines, calendars and Christmas cards.  Take a look. You may be surprised.
Great night with my lady, a bit crowded but worth it overall. Lady Jai was putting it down. Outside of the crowd worthy of conning back over and over
Where's that EASY button?What they lack in "curb appeal" they make up for in friendly staff.  I was greeted as I walked in the door and helped immediately.  The young man at the front counter even made a special effort to wish me a good day as I left.  Although this store is a bit on the older side, I appreciate the good service more than having to drive out of my way for a newer store.I'd certainly return.
Menu says Crap Puffs...that should have been my first clue.  Egg flour soup looked like snot.  Lemon chkn = grilled chkn pieces with goo!There were three of us and two of us were served together.  When we finally decided that they had completely forgotten one meal and got up to leave (as we all shared the two meals and were finished eating) they brought the third meal!
My first visit to this restaurant! We did take out: lobster with ginger and onion, half a roast duck, stir fried green beans with pork! SO, SO good! Will be going back to try the crab, steamed whole fish and steamed live shrimp, which the owner told me today is only in season 3 months out of the year! (April to June) I didn't give them 5 stars only because we didn't eat in and can't evaluate the service (although the owner started off cool, she warmed quickly and was very pleasant and welcoming by the time our order was ready to take home).
Drive through takes forever in the morning 20 minutes for one burrito. Egg Shells in my Carne Asada Burroito after I waited forever  :(
I'd recommend this art supply store for professional fine artists and graphic artists, but NOT for occasional dabblers/hobbyists/crafters. The supplies they stock are high-quality, professional artist-grade materials, i.e. EXPENSIVE for the most part.If you are not absolutely sure of what you want and just want to try something out, DON'T come here because you might inadvertently spend a fortune. This is NOT the place to buy student-grade (lower-quality) art supplies.But if you are a serious artist, and have a good idea of what you need, you will likely find exactly what you are looking for. If you need advice on materials, the staff is very helpful. Once I brought in a tiny stub of charcoal that was the only one in my art kit that just felt right and made the most beautiful marks. This sweet young lady tested it for me and pronounced it a "6B" grade of charcoal and found some more for me. Now I'm happy because I have a whole stash of 6B charcoal sticks.Excellent selection of various graphite pencils and charcoals that are priced lower than the hobby/craft stores.This is the best art supply store in Phoenix, however if you are in the East Valley there are a couple of good stores also.10-20% Discounts for students, teachers and AZ Artist Guild members.TIP: Ask to see the kneaded eraser sculptures at the cash register.
Renovations look great... Always enjoy the tacos.  Would be nice to have a separate kitchen inside the bar so the wait is not so long for food. also An itemized receipt when I close my tab would be nice
Greatest gay bar out in the valley. Been coming here for years. Great specials, I recommend Thursday Buy 1 Get 1 free. Busiest bar in Phoenix on the weekends. On Sunday they have 3 for 1. Great times ftw
Delicious. Old fashion feel and beyond great service. We will be going back! The ice cream is very delicious. Hard to pick a favorite!
Slowest service ever, sitting in drive through for ten minutes now :( Not very good, drink was watery...
Did I mention the slowest drive-thru? Yeah. This particular franchise appears to have really poor management. Also seems to be understaffed.
Yum yum! Will definitely be back!  Good lunch selection and good prices.  Service very friendly,
I'm always scared to try a new Chinese place. This place has the best Teriyaki chicken is the bomb!! Amazing service and very clean.
Good food, i love their salas! Too expensive and the service is terrible. I had my friends birthday last year and everyone enjoyed the food. Our drinks were left empty for long peroids of time, and you better hope they got your order right the first time because youre never going to see your waiter again... We didnt see our waiter until her brought our bill, and he also forgot to split our checks and then complained when we asked him to, were only had three different checks... I doubt we will go back again.
Best margarita in town and only $1.99 definitely recommend it! If you're ever over this way stop in for a delicious cheap margarita. The food and service are great as well
This is a great place with a great owner who knows his stuff. Great advice and tips. Bought some darts a few months back and he is happy to sharpen them at no charge. Very affordable prices!
Love this family owned restaurant best Tom Yum soup. Now the servers are attentive and the food is delicious. The red curry, squid, eggplant and chicken and broccoli are delicious.
Don't waste your time the way they wasted mine. :-( if I could give zero stars I would   I don't recommend!!!!!!!
Service was perfect! And the food was more better. I shall return for more Pho and spring rolls. So delicious.-Above was my first review. This is my second. I love this very friendly and homey place. The food is delicious. I will return again again when I have a taste for Pho. Yum!
Come to Pepe's when in Phoenix. Good food and great margaritas. Great service, friendly and fun.
Love this place! Everything you need for beautiful nails at the best price! Gel nail polish, vinyl nail polish and regular nail polish... You will find it all here!
Authentic, delicious Vietnamese food. All staff are nice, food is always great. Our good friend brought us here and now we can't stop from coming back!I often order 37, a great vermicelli bowl.
Amazing spring rolls and the pho is so darn good very good prices for amazing food! The service is great but best of all the price is low and great food
Great fried rice and chow mein I ever eaten  in Phoenix. There Is a new menu since it been open for 17th  year
Good burger and friendly service. A dive bar that is clean and friendly. Not a large liquor selection.  Malnly a beer bar.
Really enjoyed the food, but i didnt get full and it was kinda pricey.. It's a fun enviornment with lots off friendly people. Will go again but just not even im really hungry
Under cooked dough pizza with raw spinach on top. Gross. Next time Papa Johns. The only good part was the crust.
I've been going here for about a year now and they do an amazing job! I have brought with me some friends and family and they all seem to love it as well.
Great home style food. Good service. Reasonable prices. Country fried steaks. Meatloaf. Usually I order a big breakfast.
My favorite restaurant I stop every time I am in phoenix..... everything is good like the sauces too
Amazing food that is extremely fresh. Their homemade soups are incredible! They are family owned and everything is very reasonable. You gotta try it for dine it or to go!
We loved it. Lots of choices and great bustling atmosphere. Everything was very fresh and not too greasy.
The worst Denny's I've ever been too!!! Don't go here, drive the extra miles to a better location!
horrible conditions roaches bed bugs management sucks can't stay here anymore I'm leaving asap
Horrible pizza, paid $20 for a large pizza and the mushrooms are from a can. I rather have purchased a pizza from the grocery store for $10
Best pizza joint around. And there is some good pizza in this neighborhood. Wife had mia minis. There little cinnamon bites with icing side. Nice little treat.
They have reopened at 1739 W Glendale Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85021.  Checkout the news article on azcentral http://www.azcentral.com/story/entertainment/dining/2014/08/11/silver-dragon-reopens-phoenix/13926751/
4.99 Gyro deal with fries and drink. Yum!I am all over this place like nobody's business.I love me a great gyro.  But to get it at a great price with a clean restaurant and REALLY nice people behind the counter.  I'm all for it. : )Great job Gyro's House!
A lot of $$$ and not a lot of quality!  My partner and I came for dinner tonight after being told it was the worlds greatest hamburger. With high anticipation we ordered the 1/2 lb burger combos and shared a sampler platter...we had an appetite tonight!  Unfortunately the quality did not meet the anticipation. The burgers wet just okay...nothing special. The "fries" or as I know them wedges were not good. My partner ordered the chili cheese fries and received wedges with a little chili and some sprinkled cheese. The chili had an odd flavor. Needless to say out bill was around $36 and we could have went to a Five Guys Burgers and Fries and had a better experience for about half the price.
We got in right away and the food is good as well as the margaritas.  I ordered Seafood quesadillas with no cheese (I'm pescitarian).  I'm thinking I should have had the fajitas they're famous for instead.  Regardless, it was fast and tasty
Best fajitas in Phoenix! The Cadillac fajitas is the way to go. Love their salsa, we always order extra for the fajitas.
I am so glad we decided to go solar! Saves on our electric bill. I feel good saving energy and using a local business.   Living in Phoenix, solar is a no brainer!
Good food, good price and good service. The restaurant is under construction is the only reason it did not get a full five stars. I know this is unavoidable but during this time it is a little inconvenient getting in and out. I'm sure once the remodeling is complete, it will be a top notch place.
Awesome deals &Good food !! I highly recommend it ! The place is a hole in the wall but they have a really good happy hour !
What an interesting atmosphere! Great food and cool environment. I've never had Japanese beer before. Surprisingly, it was malt liquor. Party! Be aware of the construction on nineteenth avenue and expect some delays as a result.
The best food and staff, they have great coupons, and their specials are amazing.  Make sure you do not bring babies or kids.
Best green chili in the southwest.  Wonderful and friendly staff. The green chili cheese crisp was perfectly cooked and wonderful green chili flavor. What a hidden gem
The best dry cleaners in town!!!! They always go the extra mile and I have never been disappointed by them.
I love Carey. Randy is a great owner treats his customers and staff amazing. Great specials. Great food. Good grouo of people.
The Fundido sauce is the best!  It is sort of like Mexican fast food but the food is good for a quick meal and the price is right.  I would come back because I love the fundido sauce and the quesadilla was very good as well.  The best thing I ate here was the mini chimis.  They were fantastic, better than many high end Mexican restaurants I have been to.
Love Barro's from the pizza to wings it's all good!! Service can be a little slow when u dine in but i just assume it's because they have a lot of orders to fill. They deliver to so it's a win, win.
Really good pizza and good service! I would definitely recommend coming here. Staff is nice too.
No air in the middle of summer.  Food was just average.  Enough said.  It amazes me how some of the super highly rated restaurants are just slow.  That says a lot if people like them or not.
The chips and salsa are really good and the fish tacos are amazing!! I only have it four stars because one night we went and it smelled like something was burning in the kitchen and it was quite unpleasant, but every other time has been great!
Disgusting!!!! If I wanted reheated food I would have got a TV dinner for cheaper. My beans were burnt around the edges and you couldn't pick up the bowl it was so hot. Also our "waiter" waited on us twice to take our order and get payment. We waited 15min for him just to bring the check.
The food is great. Get the shredded pork nachos. The service is always on point. The medium salsa is good, the hot is hotter than the fires of Mordor.
Love this place. Come from Buffalo,NY and enjoy every year.  Love the fajitas the best.
自家製のサルサが、他では見られない美味しさとフレッシュさ。タコスやブリトーの具もウィンドーの中で手作りしている様子が見られます。何故か女子トイレの表示が青い色で少し戸惑いましたが問題ありません。
Maria was so helpful and got me what I needed to tune up my car. Walked in greeted me right away and was on and out ni problems.Thank you
Liking the AM crunch wrap!  Great breakfast for the money, but the stigma of TACO BELL!!! will probably & unfortunately kill this concept in time.
Coastal Trio was pretty good. Give it a try. Yum. $9.19 with tax.  Otherwise, prices are quite high for tacos and such. Must have a coupon to make it a good value.
Always love this place! Always have a great healthy fast style meal. Veggies, white meat chicken and brown rice how can you go wrong. Also I love the yaki soba choice to for those noodle lovers
Love it there!  Bread is great and loved the chicken. The service is great and very fast.
Dear Yelp,There has to be a better way to write a review of a closed business so others know that it's closed without having to continuously get messages that j can't post that because my review is short. Maybe a business j's. Loses button or something????  Pink Lotus is closed for business. The owner retired. That's all folksssssssss.
I like this one. Ludwig is very kind and professional. I once switched to another pediatrics and the doctor was seeking trouble with me about the height and weight of my son which they were not properly measured at the first place. Based on that experience, I will not switch to another pediatrics again.
The best fried rice In Phoenix.generous portions for good prices,fast, friendly service. Kind of hard to spot but well worth it
Very good food, very good service. Great little gem restaurant! Loved the mozzarella garlic bread and fettuccine Alfredo!
Just good food. Fast and awesome. Try the Calzones!!!!  Very good. Friendly with fast delivery
Ordered dinner from here tonight. DELISH! Garlic knots were garlicky and so tasty!  I had the Pomodoro pizza with thin crust...again very delicious!  I will order from them again!
Open 24/7 and chicken fried steak was delicious!!! Server was very friendly and because I was getting some work done she didn't hover over my table which I appreciated.
Bomb wings.  Great service.  Great prices.  Need to upgrade the tv's.  Feels like happy hour every hour.  Great hole in the wall feel and people are extremely friendly.  Staff remembers you from your first visit on.
Pretty decent for cheap Chinese food with tofu. I love the teriyaki bowl. It's really close to home so I go there rather than chipotle
Best burger I have had in the state of Arizona!! The way they cook the burger and the fries makes things taste so good! Small little shop but the customer service and the food is top notch!
Patty melts are AMAZING!! I love coming here. Food and service are great, I make it a point to sneak away to eat here once a week ;)
Always enjoy our experience at Little Dragon. Foods delicious and very affordable. Atmosphere is also low key. One of our family favorites.
Great place fresh food and staff it's always friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone
Doing something right this place has been here for over 25 years. Now I don't come here very often but I have been here several times in past 25 years. Everything is the same . Nothing has changed. Almost everything on their buffet is exactly how it's always been.  It's ok. I also notice if you take out they  seem to load up on the food.
Best in phoenix.. been coming here for about 20 years now!Yelp says my review is too short.. dj disks off idk si did u fish did hdhsjsksidjbebd dij fb did did did did down did f xd or bf cirn c c if corK d ND ckdkck kdk TEWK TEWK
Fried chicken!! Dang its gooooood! this is your once in a while greasy delicious chinese place. And its once in a while because so much fried food cant be good for you. Its comforting, full of flavor, simple yet has many options:Vegetable Lo MeinFried Chicken(this is the best)BBQ Pork Ribs(if you love bbq pork you will love these things)Sesame Chicken(weirdly good)Orange ChickenBeef BrocolliOnion Rings(these are probably the best onion rings i have had in arizona!)These are just a few of the options ive had. i was full before i could try other options. its also very cheap. if i recall correctly it was about $8 per person or less. Ive had it to go once and i paid $9 with taxes(but man did they fill that box beyond its limit). *Beware though that to go orders gets busy. Ive had to wait 20 minutess for mine(i went to do another errand and still wasnt ready after 23 minutes but worth the wait). You dont serve yourself they serve you on to go orders. You pick what you want from a card that you checkmark the items you will like.This is definately a hole in the wall but was a very clean place(except for the restroom that was junk).
Best pizza in town hands down! Got recommended here and had to try it! Pizza supreme with jalapeños was amazing!
Never disappointed. Always delicious. Best wings in Arizona. LOVE this place! salad, zucchini, the ranch dressing, its all amazing. we come so often we have received at the very least 10 free dozen hot wings with our punch card. BEST HOT WINGS!
Great food and pan dulce.  I've been there a handful of times. Its always clean. The food comes out quickly and it's always delicious. The pan dulce is baked on the premises.
This place is awesome, love getting my coffee here in the mornings during graves. Staff is always friendly. Would recommend to anyone.
These guys are great! They do an awesome job at an affordable price. The owners are really nice and it is family run. The same day service is convenient. Easy to find location.
I enjoyed their Pollo Bowl!  The avocado salsa made it taste even better!  I am never disappointed when I get take out from here
Wonderful place. I'm glad I found it. So is my baby Rascal. He started here for his baby shots and has been back for every vaccine and check-up since. The staff is great and knowledgeable. I really appreciate them.
Asked for a side of sriracha and got this so wrong just laziness so sad smh could have gave my the plastic little cups but noo lazy
Great place! Great food!!! Good service!!! Happy workers!!! Green corn tamale is so good! Good drinks! Awesome happy hour too!
They make the best "House Fried Rice"  that i know of. Everytime i order i get a stamp, and my next meal is free..
Bad experience for me on this restaurant Hair on food and cockroaches on table that's all I am saying!!!
Good food although waitresses take a bit long to check on you. I personally don't like the fact that they barely speak English but I still don't mind eating there. Fairly friendly staff.
Good portions super cheap and food is pretty good! I really enjoyed the shrimp fried rice :) would recommend
Worst customer service in any target. Lady was really rude. I will never shop at this store again.
Eat here occasionally, good food choices for everyone. Their Hot bread is the best! The prices are reasonable and even better when you get their earlier. And their steaks are tasty.
Great food.just the wait is too long the restaurant is good over all. I love how they give you the peanuts And the bread. It's kind of cold so if you guys go just make sure you take a sweater. . Definitely recommend.
Great place. Good prices, best Mongolian chicken! Really good crab puffs! small place but a positive , get to watch them cook your food. Cooked as ordered and small wait time. Large menu, lots of choices!
This place is horrible. I absolutely do not recommend this location. Rude hostess and bad customer service.
This place sucks... Nasty people. No customer service at all. Went there to eat and the workers don't wear gloves when they serve salads or ready to eat food. I walked in and no one greeted us. The gentleman that took our order didn't even wash his hands after he took our order and handled the money. He went to prepare our food without washing his hands.
Great Value.  Great Service at a very reasonable price. Definitely worth a trip!!$10 Auto wash includes air freshener, vacuum and towel dry.  You cannot beat the price.
Loved it! Great cheese pizza! Service is great! We mistakenly went to the other brothers in town, they are not the same!
They are family orientated, come fancy or in shorts. Table cloths on all table. Very clean. Portions can feed 2 people easily. They make the best Orange Chicken.
Looks pretty sketchy on the outside but it's good as fuck. Get the shredded beef taco. Best taco I've ever had.
Best place for shakes!  Love the big burgers
It was awesome !!!! Fast and very yummy! I don't have Waffle House in Las Vegas . So when I come to Arizona it's nice to get my quick fix. My server was super nice and very helpful.
The normal McDonalds...it was clean and food was OK.  Service was OK.  It was walking distance from my hotel and it was convenient.  Several homeless people hanging around.
What was I thinking! I knew we should of went by the store and bought a power bar and a water instead...Here is a tip...avoid Denny's go hungry! What the heck me and a work partner called 3 top rated places on Yelp for breakfast and all where closed? BTW the area around the airport not nice...I would get out of the town a little bit.This Denny's is connected to a truck stop so that should of threw up another red flag but the fact that one stomach wall just ate the other we were desperate. I ordered off of their fresh and fit menu which sounded ok, but the fact that it was drowned in butter was like an oxi moron! The only time Denny's was good to eat at was when I was much younger(not stating my age) and very very late at night. Unfortunately eating some taco bell would be a better choice. Which is also a place I would not want to ever go back to.
The super bird is the best dish :) who doesn't love Dennys?? they have amazing breakfast, very good coffee and a variety of Meals. The Fries are one of the best out there...
No wait, the staff was nice and friendly. The Theater was small but clean. I did like that the souvenir cups were still being sold. I absolutely love the movie Southpaw. Not only did Jake Gyllenhaal look hot, but he is an amazing actor. My review is about the movie theater but I can't help but mention how much I love the movie.Best movie I've seen in a long time.
Great subs! Come hungry portions are plenty.  Deli also has a good variety of meats. Italian Stallion is great!
Ghetto. Full of hood rats, drunks, homeless, etc. Bathrooms were disgusting. Most of the employees were 'busy' talking to friends? or texting on their cell phones. A lot of coffee choices were out.
This place seriously needs more tellers. Takes forever just to cash a check. The waiting time is just ridiculous. Always takes 20min+. One time I came in on a Friday and only one teller was working. ON A FRIDAY. I really hate coming here. Thank god I opened a account with another bank.
Worried I'm the only one here. But the salad bar was clean, people nice and its soup & salad. Not bad for the $
Bomb wings but slow service. Took forever for the food to come out. Cheap drink specials.
Furniture that is good, stylish and a good price. Also liked the helpful staff. If you're in North Phoenix, start here. Don't waste your gas driving all over town. The store is set in a Strip mall that doesn't look so great but don't pass the Room Store. It's a good furniture/ bed store.
This store was great. Very clean, well stocked and helpful friendly employees. I would recommend going to this store for nice merchandise at good prices.
Metro is a great place to kill the time. Ok music and great people watching. Cider on tap beer on tap good mixed drinks. The waitress staff and bartender staff are all nice folks and work hard for their money.
Very clean and efficient. No mess. Highly recommend. He clean my chimney and dryer vent. I was a little worried about stuff blowing all over the place, but he was very careful and used a professional vacuum that keeps dust from blowing all over.
Pushy salesmen ate totally clues of any product or even what they carry.  Prices are just plain retail.  Not consumer friendly or helpful
Very pleased with the service and selection...bought boots and shirts here....great deals and great service
Amazing South American food! Amazing service!!!! The staff was so nice. I felt like I was at home.
The food is worth the wait! Everything is made fresh. Favorites are Bandeja Paisa, ceviche, tamales, and the shrimp in coconut milk and veggies (forgot the name)
Good place. Like another country in every aspect. I liked the ceviche and the drinks.
What a bargain... $3 movies all day!  Bonus that no previews are shown too!  The theater is dated and they show movies that are soon being sent to DVD, but worth the value.
They have a million tv's! You can watch any type of game here. The service is most of the time good, it is a sports bar, so Im sure it gets very busy a lot of times, although I have never been there to witness it myself. Never tried the food, but the drink specials are good. They have a good selection of beers, not so many craft beers, but a lot of domestics. Their happy hour is till 6:30 which is great, and they have happy hour drink specials as well as food specials. We will come back here, but its not a place I would tell someone that they HAVE to go to...seems like a good hangout for a lot of epople though, I noticed that there seem to be quite a few regulars who show up each night.
This place is always great! Great food. Great drinks. Great wings!!! They always change the TV to accommodate. Happy is the best becuase it's cheap!
Great place to watch football! Great beer selection. The food is ok..but you cant beat the atmosphere for games.
Pricing was good however the food wasn't as good as I thought it would be. I went in and it was empty. Now I know why. I will never go here again unfortunately.
Closed as of January. 29, 2015           Other locations still open according to the sign.
Good sales on party food. The customer service was great and the employees were helpful.
Eat this pizza. They have what ALL Phoenix restaurants lack...consistency. The Sicilian is great, the dough is crispy and buttery and the sauce is herby.
Order each course one at a time. Right now we've got apps, soup and entrees - too fast!I wanted to give them a higher score because they seem to try to run a good, tight ship.  The only problem with that is the food is a little on the bland side.  For instance, the "Hot and Sour" soup was the correct temp, however it lacked any "zing" to the soup.  Had a touch of heat, but you also need the sour.  The meal my wife had was the Egg Foo Young and it looked good, however once again it was a little on the bland side.My meal was Pork Fried Rice - which is something I do at Chinese restaurants that I have never been to.  It was cooked properly, had good hot temperature, but ultimately unsatisfying.  The highlight of our meal was the Potstickers with dipping sauce.  These were pretty good, however I prefer them steamed to fried.  Having said that, even though they were fried, they lacked any semblance of "toasting" or browning color, which seems odd to me.  All in all, a nice place I wouldn't mind going again, but I won't seek it out.
Average location in every way. Food order was correct and hot. Employees were average, but nothing to brag about. Restaurant was clean and well stocked. Getting in and out of this location is not easy since you have to go into the shopping area off of Thunderbird, turn into the Lowes parking lot and then turn into McDonalds parking lot; no direct access from Thunderbird.
I definitely recommend the strawberry lemonade ! The lobby is clean and when another customer spilled their drink, the staff cleaned it up right away!
Always fresh love the teriyaki chicken with veggies. And customer service is on point
Best fried class outside of Boston.  Full clams with bellies.  Cooked just right.  A little on the small size but a generous portion.  Nice steak fries and cole slaw come with it.  The cole slaw was OK but nothing special.  The waitresses were fabulous - very friendly and genuinely happy I chose this place.  Made me feel right at home.  The New England Chowder was better than average though again nothing special.  An excellent menu of all things New England.  You can't help but find something terrific to order.  It's hidden away in an obscure strip mall so be sure you know where you're going or you'll have trouble finding it.
Does any one have info on the murder that occurred there last night? I was just wondering if it was random or gang related?
11/04/12HUGE Asian festival going on!Brought my aunt with me to check out the "Fire & Sand: Contemporary American Glass" exhibit today, but we were surprised to find an Asian festival going on.  (From what I gathered, these Asian showcases of jewelry and crafts are fairly common here.)  My aunt was very happy, as she loves to shop and haggle, and haggling is the norm in Manila (as it is in Asian cities), so she was in her element here!  I, on the other hand, was bored to tears.  Instead, I went off on a stroll while aunt shopped around; I eventually found some food trucks, and wouldn't you know that "Hey Joe" food truck was in the area.  We just ate a huge breakfast beforehand, so that was a bust.  I did find a Maui Shave Ice food truck, but that's another review for me to write...We eventually did check out the free glass exhibit, and it was very much worth the drive to Mesa from North Scottsdale!  I hope you enjoy the contraband photos I took and uploaded.  I hope to return soon and check out a few live shows.
Delicious down home cookingWill definitely eat there again. Highly recommend. We had the western omelet..pancakes. ..biscuits and gravy. Every one was friendly...great atmosphere. Great service.
its good... a little bland. its cheep. the food is hot and decent.lunch prices are great. lots of food.
The best 90 minutes you can spend. Be prepared to see some really spectacular scenery. We have done this 3 times now and we never seem to get enough. The crew is very knowledgeable and courteous. You have to try this.
No longer in business, sad to see such a reliable honest place go out of business but I guess ecomy has hit the smaller business owner. If anyone knows of a reliable honest mechanic I could use one
Best pozole in town! I go every chance I get. Everyone is extremely hospitable and The chips and salsa are great.
So very good!  Been eatting hear for years. I love their tacos.  And the seafood soup
Love the food love the staff . It's just simply amazing how food can taste so good .. This is that true hole in the wall . Remember it authentic food so it's not a walk in walk out type of place . Thank you Los Picos
This place is magical and the food is awesome! I couldn't decide between the Waldorf or Curry Chicken salad so they gave me a small scoop of each on a bed of fresh greens. They were both delicious! The green tea was real brewed green tea...none of that fake fountain crap. My friend had the Turkey and Brie sandwich with a smoothie and left extremely satisfied. I'll definitely be back when the weather is cooler so I can spend a bit of time on the beautiful patio!
Nice little dive bar on Dobson  & University.. Web site says they were the first  to introduce chicken wins to the East Valley - back in 1979. So I decided to order the hot wings. The verdict? These may be the best wings in tge valley. Ten for $7.95 and on Sunday they give a half order free?! WHAAAT?! With that, they are a better value, and definitely a better quality that other local "wing" establishments. Add 4 beers (beer of the month, Schlitz, Coors, and Miller High Life) for $21. Nice!
Crew was polite, and the service was swift. I stopped in on my way to work, and didn't have to wait a crazy amount of time like at some other places.
Great food and team!!! Would recommend to everyone! Thanks for an awesome lunch! The Mexican food was incredible and the smoked meats were awesome!
It was decent. Overpriced we thought. Got the Garlic Shrimp Pizza, burgers and Chimichanga at the table. Server was good.
Margaritas were fantastic. Jalapeño cream soup to die for. Service was good and fast. Portions are enough to take home s doggie bag
This place is awesome!!! A regular "go to" for my family of 5! Food is always on point!  Staff and Mike the owner are always great and accommodating!  You will not be disappointed at Blue Adobe.
excellent service! And it's free for repair a flat tire! I wish I know this place before. This is the place which you feel they don't want to make money from you but provide a great service. I'll recommend everyone I know to this place if they have any problems with the tire. 5 stars!!!
Both my husband and I about puked...very generic dont waste your dollar. The drinks are small and they charge you for refills or give you stale water. Was ill for a few hours.
Great place! Was very helpful in getting a unit.  Would recommend them to others. Was competitive in pricing.  Highly recommended.
In and out! Great service and kind staff. She was gentle and attentive to my wishes. I will definitely be going back. Prices were reasonable as well!
Wonderful crew and a really great venue to have private events.  We had a birthday party for my mom and all our guest really had a great time.
Newly remodeled and looks amazing! The selection here is awesome. Everything from organic produce to a fresh sushi bar. The staff here is very friendly and always helpful. Prices are very reasonable and weekly sales are a great deal.Definitely this is my favorite local grocery store. Will always come back!!
I love this store. Love grabbing a sandwich in the deli for lunch! The staff is always friendly, and eager to help in anyway.  Great customer service! I enjoy the quality of the produce.
This place is A dive. Really surprised this place is still here. red neck heaven. Don't recommend this to anyone. Restrooms are filthy. They don't serve food. Just beer. Liquor.
Exceptional professionalism and service! Courteous service, always a thorough exam, consideration and options for accommodating financial responsibility,!
My favorite by far! Love, love, love this pizza! The wings are delicious as well. Cheesy bread is worth the try as well.
Reese's chunks in every bite of my large blizzard. 'nuff said. Great work guys!But, since Yelp wants me to say more so that this is actually a review, I will, since this place is deserving. Conveniently located next to the LDS Mesa Temple for all your youth baptismal after-temple treats, date nights, and when you just gotta satisfy that sweet tooth.
twice the price of my last dryclean turned around and walked out.**..? ??mmmmmmm? Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Food is good every time I have come here. Don't let the outside and inside scary you a way. It's a little run down and old, but the food is good and reasonable priced. They also have great fudge. Yum.
KC should get a rase.  He is a great employee, hard working unlike most people. Good food and made my night...
Dry and a bit stale bread and the gyro meat was dry. Small salad for the extra buck.  Not much room so don't bring too many with you. Wee will try and scout out a better on on the scale of Greek wrap in Peoria.
Oh my god. What a shithole. I cant believe the city lets this place stay open. Keep an eye on your wallet.
Great food and great beer! Took my family and enjoyed some live music. Tried the brats w potatoes.   Good!East Mesa favorite.
Super cute and willing to do my design preference thank you these guys fit me in quickly and worked hard!!!!!!
New blt is fantastic, staff is great. Place is clean. His area tends to have a heavy transient population butthey seem to stay across he road
Not pleased with this office and the way it is run in the slightest bit. My first appt I was called back 50 min after my scheduled time, and my second appt I was called back an hour and 10 min after my scheduled time...absolutely normal for this office. The receptionists really need to find the will power to smile.
Amazing food friendly staff. The California roll and the dragon roll are by far the best on the menu
Best tuna poke ever.  Let that sink in.Don't let the strip mall location or hole in the wall atmosphere fool you, this place is legit.
Horrible horrible. Over priced. Disgusting. Will never go back. Salsa was nasty. And so was the food.   Do not eat here.
Great price, great food, nice staff..it's a keeper. This Chicagoan doesn't like 'chain' food . This is great home cooking
Always top notch service and quick at that! I will continue to come here! They've even helped me with the stupid sensors that make my dash light come on which is an expensive royal pain.
My only tire shop! They always take great care of my family! I strongly recommend them to anyone in the valley.
Awesome service great prices will always come back. Jason and the guys here really do care about you rolling around with good used tires
Great, honest service with fair prices. I've been coming here for three years now.The staff is a good group of good old boys that don't try to up sell you. No BS here. Within a few seconds of pulling up someone always approached me to see what I need and is quick to get my issue addressed.
been going here for 20 years great place to eat. watched George grow up through the years good kid
It has been awhile since I have been here. I think the quality has improved. The Soup was fresh. Chicken Apple salad was very good too.great service
Great donuts and friendly service I highly recommend & good coffee. I have no idea what the guy was complaining about the owners English was fine
You can sense God moving and working in this place.  The service is engaging and the people really have a sense for following God and being Christlike... or at least trying to be Christlike.  When returning here after years of being out of state we were welcomed like family returning home.
First time here! Really great service and food! Good selection on the menu and we got right in at a busy lunch time. We will definitely go back
The food and service were amazing. Definitely on my regular rotation now! Their RWB chicken was fantastic.
Been wandering 15 minutes and can't find help...Lowes here I come. ..!................................... ........ ....... ....    ........   ... ......................
Here for live John Denver tribute by my sister's boyfriend. Looking forward to the music!!Ron Matthews put on a very good performance. This is a small little bar. Probably not a location I would look to go to on a regular basis but for this special event.  However, I can see where this would be a local watering hole for the locals around the area. I was disappointed that the menu was a limited menu because of the event.  So I was only able to have a Cheeseburger.  Nothing special. The music and performance was great.  But not a bar I would tend to visit otherwise.
Turkey leg and jousting! Doesn't get any better! This event is my favorite to go to at the beginning of the year.  Go early (gates open at 10) to get a decent parking spot and to avoid the majority of the crowds.  By about 2:00pm, the park is getting full and you definitely notice more people.  Bring cash as most vendors don't take cards and the ATM fees are ridiculous.  Be prepared to spend a healthy chunk of change as a cup of beer runs $5, turkey leg $7.50, and the various other foods.  The shows are all amazing and the vendors are wonderful.  Go see glass blowing, candle making, and all other kinds of artisan crafts.  If you buy your ticket at Fry's ahead of time, it'll cost $20, which is $2 cheaper then buying at the gate.  Parking is free but be prepared to walk.  All in all, it's a wonderful way to spend a Saturday or Sunday, just be prepared for crowds and expect to make it an all day affair.  Definitely worth it!
If you have never been, it is a MUST!  Silly accents, expensive food, and free shows - Lots of fun!  My favorites are the falconry show and of course, Ded Bob.The pleasure feast is not worth it,  sadly :-(  We've been a couple of years and have decided we won't try it again.  The food is decent, but there is so much else to eat in the main festival.  The entertainment is mostly.... terrible.  Old jokes, bathroom humor, mediocre music.  Oh, and the service is grumpy.  This last year, however, there was a bagpipe and some belly dancers that were cool.So we'll be back next spring!  Huzzah!
Had the authentic enchiladas and they were very nice and if the weather is nice then plan to eat on the back courtyard
Food is good vibe is electrifying, and the band was quite good.
Avoid this place like the plague!  Horrible service, mediocre food, terrible management.Took 4 hours to eat, and the experience was less than memorable.
Great food. Great margeritas Cadillac!!!!!  Best carne asada plate!!!!  Great food everytime!  Homemade chips and salsa!!! Best Mexican food in Chandler, Az
Dinner was great  tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome!  The staff was very attentive and papa smurf waited on us hand and foot. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Mexican food.
Food was good but pricey.  Company was awesome.  Nice atmosphere.  Outside garden area was nice but it's too hot in Arizona to really enjoy
Always great coupons online and in mailers. Great pizza, wings and salad!
This is my favorite local pizza, hands down. Great either by the slice or when ordering a whole pie. Lots of variety in flavors.
Really good pizza and zucchini.  We enjoyed very much!  Will go again.  Delivery guy was prompt and friendly.
Best country breakfast in Chandler. Eggs were perfect ham was moist. Biscuits and gravy Awesome
Best place for breakfast!! Love their omelets and biscuits and gravy!! Staff is friendly and service is speedy even on times when they are busy.
suuuuuper understaffed!  Ive tried complaining to management but they totally DO NOT CARE.  Overpriced too.
Awesome happy hour on the 1/2 price pizza and apps.The bartender is the best you will find. He is a doll, and if you show up regularly he'll know what you like. The pizzas are great; we usually get the Capricciosa pizza with the Caprese salad. And lots of bread with olive oil, balsamic vinaigrette, and Parmesan. I could fill up alone on the Caprese salad and bread. I honestly can't say anything about the other food, because I've only ever been in for happy hour. It's so good, I never want to go for anything but. Be sure to get there early, because the happy hour is only good in the bar area, and there aren't many tables. It fills up quickly.
It's sonic, what do ya want?  Have a burger and a shake.Maybe a ice cream treat.It's certainly the best tasting fast food if it's type but it's fast food.And the staff at this location are terrible, so double check your order even though it took too long to explain what you wanted to begin with.
Fish tacos are just amazing! Seriously the best fish tacos ever!  The man always gets the steak tacos with cheese. One of our favorite spots for a casual, quick dinner!
陕西菜，总是满座，停车难。味道不错，就在教会对面。生意很好！就是出菜慢了些。有时间的学生很多。very nice little cute restaurant. I have never been here before, when it was just called egg roll house. Because there's no such thing as a grow in Chinese cuisine. But, two months ago, I heard from my Chinese friends, they have changed the restaurant to authentic Chinese food from ShanXi. And now the place is packed every day, and you cannot find parking space on the weekends. Of course  the famous local region food for them is the "肉夹膜" which looks like A folded flat bread with meat inside. The most authentic meet is lamb meat for this type of food. And the famous Biang Biang Noodle.  The waiter also recommend a dish call大盘鸡，which is a huge plate with their special noodles at the bottom and top with vegetable and chicken on top. My kids love this dish, because it has potato in it and has some type of curry taste, and we finish them all. The restaurant it's also right across from the greater Phoenix Chinese Christian church. So, many people come here for lunch or dinner after church service on Sunday.
Most delicious authentic Chinese food! I have to say this restaurant is the best one in Phoenix area. They make northern Chinese food exactly like what we have in China. And the ingredients are quite authentic and I have no idea where did they get it...imported from China?:DIn a word, AWESOME, AWESOME and AWESOME!
No deliver no lunch special and the guy hung up on me tried calling back and busy signal
Excellent and genuine technicians.Jim came on time as scheduled and did a very professional job.
Corey was rude and walked without what we ordered awesome Starbucks!! We will go else where.
Nice food for a Saturday night this place is been here for years and is continued to be part of downtown Chandler here is a glimpse of the City Hall building
Very affordable, very fast and great customer service!!! I'm from out of town and they treated me very well, I can only imagine how well they treat their locals!
Delicious food! I was so happy I tried this new place with my family. I really loved the steak taco dinner!
Yummy tacos! Defiantly will be coming here more :) good was hot when I got it. Rare to find such an awesome place!
Very nice remodel. Very opening environment.The staff was very welcoming and all had great smiles.
The coffee is made to standard but the partners aren't very attentive or friendly. I've gone here a ton over the the past two years, at several times of day. I've tried engaging the barista in conversation and they tend to give short answer and that's it. The coffee and food is exactly what you would expect from Starbucks, though.
Enjoyed the customer service. Always friendly every time we arrive. Way to go guys!Always get the drink right. Always with a smile.I go out of my way just to come here.Thanks!
I love this place. Bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches. I've been going here for over a year now and will keep going.
They do not respect our flag!!! A business should have more respect for our country and address issues like this.
Excellent service and food. We go every Sunday before I go to work and sometimes we are running late so we call ahead and order. We already know what we want because we get the same thing every week.  I also really like that they have stevia in the raw to sweeten my coffee. Every one working there are friendly and prompt.
Great place to have breakfast, nice friendly staff and delicious eggs. I like how the staff keep asking if anything is needed, and they serve really good coffee, nice place to start your day with.
All of our order was right,  food was good staff very friendly. Store appeared to be very clean.
Love this place!!!!  Been going here for 9+ years!!!  Tony, Lisa and their staff are wonderful!!  I've been to a few other places before I found them...none compared!!  Their pedicures last a long time...even after being on the sandy beaches of California for a week!!
Great food, great service, Cindy and Steve are awesome. Thanks guys. The food is always exact and the prices are still stuck in the 80s. Lila rocks, if you decide to stop in the bar side. Always look for the stroganoff.
Beer still warm and service slow. Food was not hot. You would think they would want to have the coldest beer but as usual, they don't seem to care. Place is always empty and the reputation is going down
I like there food and prices. They have good portion sizes. Hubby likes Machca with eggs. We like going for breakfast. Most of the time it's take out.
Sometime they run special is your their Facebook friend. Great staff with a friendly smile. The pizza taste great too!
Still the best around! I moved 16 miles away. I still come back here when I can. Order pizza here!!
Great food and nice people... Me as my kids eat here 2 times a month... Good food for the price! Love the spicy noodles
Food is really hood!  Great flavor!   Best I have had since I left New York!!!   Fried rice is amazing........so fresh!!We love the take out!
Great food at a great price! Funny to take my kids to so they can see the planes take off and land. It's great because my family can fly into this airport to see us for quick visits. Food is always Hot! Sometimes it's really busy. Just have to be patient.
Great breakfast at The Hangar Cafe!  Thanks Shannon for Super Service!  This is our favorite Sunday morning stop for home cooking, generous portions and a fun atmosphere!
The banana fosters pancakes are a decadent dessert for breakfast.When we travel we like to spoil ourselves and go out to breakfast.  The Breakfast Club is a fun place with an 80s vibe.  It has outdoor seating and is dog friendly.  Which is one of the main reasons why we go because our little pup can join us.  There's an extensive breakfast menu and full coffee bar to choose from.My husband had the huevos ranchero, which he loved.  The Banana Fosters Pancakes were good - but you have to be in the mood for sweet and indulgent.  It's topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  I have also had the Challah French Toast. It was too sweet and rich for me but I know it's would be a favorite amongst the kids.  It's a place that we'll revisit again.
I finally made it to the breakfast club! The food was delicious and the place was gorgeous.
delicious delicious delicious! Very good food! It's so packed all the time! And even the coffee or orange juice is so fresh and amazing!
The wait on weekends is usually long.. when the hostess says it will be 25 minutes, be prepared to wait closer to 45.However.. the food is awesome! Plus the prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get!
Love it. Attractive place with good food at fair prices. Went there more than once when we were in town.
Delish!  Fantastic bloody mary and an excellent bene breakfast! Wait wasn't too long and managed well.  Server was great!
We love this McDonalds. They are clean and fast and the food is always fresh. The help is polite and i love the sweet tea.
Peanut butter shake is to die for, ask for well blend thick/ heavy . Individual/counter seats are available ad well as tables (food court style). Some items may not be available as this is not a full sized restaurant. Be careful when ordering "original" as it might be mistaken between burger and a milkshake.Staff is good .
Very sketchy office & no front desk person. The doctor is the only one working. Waiting room is very small.
Baja shrimp tacos- Mexican street style are the way to go!Came here mid-day after driving around on the trolley. This place really is great for day drinking - $4 Bloody Maries, $7 margaritas and super cheap tacos.Fun atmosphere with great outdoor people watching, what else do you need!
It's dog friendly & the garlic mushroom omelet is amazing!!Love this place.  The menu is great.  I love corn beef & hash - they serve it up a few different ways.  I typically don't eat omelets - but the waitress recommended the Garlic Mushroom Omelet and I love mushrooms so I gave it a try.  I was in love - in fact - I ate all of it!  The sherry wine sauce was delicious and I love the mushrooms.  The omelet was cooked perfectly.  We got a table outside and they brought out a dog bowl filled with water & ice for our pup.  The coffee drinks were refreshing.  I had the Smoca Mocha.  The service is a bit slow - maybe b/c we were sitting outside.  This is definitely a place we'll go back to for brunch.  The food is great and affordable.
Amazing breakfast!!Love the jalapeño pancakes!!Chill comfy atmosphere!!Friendly nice staff!Great for Sunday brunch!
Trevor Trevor Trevor Trevor Trevor...This is a good 5 star review :)I have to make this review longer so there it is, a good review. And you're name mentioned 5x
I love this place. Try something from the new food menu everything is amazing. The service is great everyone is so friendly. If you haven't tried the sea salt caramel with chocolate truffles you definitely should its the best gelato I've ever had.
Really hot chicks, with nipple covers.ok, I've never discussed this one problem that I have which is called strippers I don't frequent strip clubs because I have a stripper problem I would say my Stripper issue is similiar to a gamblers issue in casino. No will power. I want them all, I put all my money down.Strippers can have all my money. It's been this way forever. This is why I don't go to strip clubs often. I drain my bank account, even if it's the last $10 I have, to spend. I could be saving money for a heart operation and if you take me in a strip club, that's it. Over. Tonight We went to Skin Cabaret and I lost my mind, soul, and pennies I don't think my male counterpart could keep up with me in there The way they shake their asses ......First of all I am a completely heterosexual, non bisexual, femalesecond of all , my attraction to strippers is similiar to the average dirty old man in America I like them blonde, skinny, small waists with huge fake tits for some reason we couldn't get the stripper I wanted to come over, she was fake blonde hair, fake big tits, fake face.i asked for her twice and even our waitress asked her to come over, but she kept saying she was too busy with her friends and would come over later Sigh. Oh well  so I got 4 lap dances from 4 other girls until I found "the ONE" this girl named Cameron she was sooo sexy  she exuded sensuality and sex from her pores, her eyes were the epitome of "fuck me " eyes her body was sooo sexy, small waist, nice ass, big huge fake tits, she had dark hair, she looked a lil middle eastern but she says she's Sicilian Me and my male friend both got TWO lap dances from her eachI said "that's it, we don't even need to see anyone else after her, she is IT" If I wasnt dragged out of there, I would still be getting lap dances from her right nowShe almost made me a LESBOMy male lover told her she was turning his girlfriend bi, lol I recommend her to every guy and girl who visits arizona Cameron at Skin Caberet in Scottsdale lap dances are $10, but i usually gave $35 hence why I shouldn't frequent strip clubs I give them what i think they should be making, which to me is usually double or triple what the going rate is I wont be going back, unless someone else sponsors me
Great place! Had a great time here! Live music, great bartender and so much fun! I'll be back on my next visit!
Very nice people and really easy to work with. The office is really nice as well and they really know how to treat their employees and customers.
What A Treat!!!! The layout the food the amenities!! THE room was awesome, the TV areas and whole lobby are contemporary and inviting. Will be back.
Kinda high price. Food is OK. I've had better. They advertise the heck out of this place, and make it sound so good, but, honestly, the food was small portions with a big price, and tasteless, to boot! Overall, we found no good mexican food in Scottsdale area. If you want some good nachos, though, go to the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort, and eat the Nacho appetizer at the Ironwood American Kitchen. Is run by a famous chef. Also, walk around the property. It's amazing!The nachos here, were made with more gourmet ingredients. I've never had nachos that good anywhere else.Skip the Old Town Tortilla Factory!!
Best Salon, & Full Beauty Studio! Highest level of Talent works here, friendly professional staff and Ownership. Salon is a one stop for all Beauty needs;Hair, Make Up, Skincare, Botox...and beautifully remodeled!
We only went to Grazie because we had a Groupon. This was the filthiest restaurant I have ever been too. Every table was COVERED with dirty dishes and food. Our pizza was horrible. I would have rather had a frozen pizza at home. Never again.  I am sorry for the harsh review but it was really that bad.
Hands down best bar in Scottsdale! Good food and lots of liquor to choose from. Always serving till 2am!
Easy healthcare clinic visit. Quick. Even filled a script for me. came in with a horrendous case of poison ivy from helping my brother clear brush in Georgia. did you know poison ivy doesn't spread? me neither! anyway, a quick online appt, a quick visit (because i knew i only needed a dose of steroids), and bam! all done! cheap and quick...and didn't have to listen to my doctor try to pawn life long meds on me. and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat.
Just had an asain casket treat us rudely .   Why we did nothing wrong.All we did was ask him about different shots and what was better he asked if we were intoxicated and wouldn't sell them to us
Awesome little spot in scottsdale for breakfast/lunch.  Great service,  great food. They have organic  and local options which is awesome.
Love love live this hotel.  And they make the most amazing prickly pear margaritas.  This is the hotel by which all future hotels will always be measured against.  Lovely setting. Excellent service.  Pools were great. Very convenient to everything
No AC! Hot and humid up in here in August!There was no attendant at Ginny's on a Sunday while it was pretty busy.  The change machine was out of quarters.  The commercial size drier I needed kept showing an error while not working and still counting down my time...Apparently "DOOR" error means: lint catcher not closed tightly, not the door to the drier isn't closed...stupid.  I won't ever be back, but I managed to freshen up my comforter with a dry-cleaning kit, which was my goal so it was not a total loss.
Server with buzz haircut as rude. Place was dirty. Not the nostalgic fun place they pretend to be.
Had a Egg Nog shake. Delicious. Very satisfying for the sweet tooth. If your doing the Old Town Scottsdale walk, be sure to stop by here.
Horrible dentist! My first visit so I filled out forms , which I hate, and I put a line through all the no's on oart of the health section. Well he didn't like that and came out smacking his gum and asked if I was having a bad day... I said no why? He says I must be by the way I filled out the form so I said not at all are you? Bottom line he continued to harp on it and I said forget this... And left! Seriously? No wonder he has bad ratings! What a jerk!!!1 review that is not currently recommended
Pumpkin Spiced Latte has just changed my life.This place gets odd waves of business - one second quiet then - BAM! - line out the door.  Staf is friendly and efficient - we all know what Starbucks sells so, yeah, they have that stuff too.
Great bands HORRIBLE service!!! Unfortunately it's lacks communication & attention. It's very simple to acknowledge people & let them know you'll be right with them.
Love love love. This place is amazing!!  A must when in Scottsdale.   Great live music and great food.
Who closes for maintenance ?? It's Denny's now I'm hungry and mad ! it's supposed to be 24 hours
Salty as hell but so yummy! Every year we come for the pork chili, tortilla soup and huckleberry margaritas! Nice service.
Happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays. Oh yes...who can complain about that? Answer: Nobody, except when you get there too late and all the tables have been taken. Womp womp.The weird thing about this place is the location. Tucked into the corner of an office complex? Very strange. However, I can appreciate food, especially the "Big Ass Burger" that lives up to its name. The thing is ginormous for a typical restaurant burger. Another item I love is the kettle of green chile pork with buttered tortillas. Pair that with a HH margarita and you're doin' just right.Good restaurant, solid food and service. Come for happy hour on Sunday and/or Monday, but get there early.
Epic $10 happy hour burger.  Seriously....  Great staff.  Absolutely recommend on Sun-Mon all night happy hour.
Great customer service in addition to the great work they do. The staff is great. I prefer scheduling an appointment, it's better for predictability. If you live or work nearby, they're the best auto mechanic place to go.
Books. T shirts. And more. Very nice staff. Love shopping here.  Ease to find. Wide variety of books.
Best value in town! Never a lost item. I drive from North Scottsdale when I have more than 6 items needed dry cleaning... Highly reccommed this place!
Solid slices. Ambiance is slight. Very reasonably priced. Staff is pretty friendly. Haven't tried any of the pasta or other dishes--I'm a little scared to
Meh! Nothing special not sure what the fuss is all about. Didn't really do anything for me. Won't come back.
Fabulous food every time!! Come once a month to get my fix!! Take my word and stop in for crispy basil chicken and a sake!
If you life Thai Food, you definitely love this place. Awesome Thai Food, Great atmosphere, and Good service
Surprisingly good Thai food. Probably one of the best tom ga I've had...not what i expected for Arizona..haha. I guess that's a good thing. Probably one of the best tom ka gai I've had. Very flavorful and right amount of spice. Prices are decent and location in Old Town Scottsdale can't be beat.
Options are very limited. Very few fresh produce. No meat counter. Also very pricey. The store was very small for even the few products they had so everything was quite packed in there.Overall not much to the store. I was quite disappointed.
The food was good. The waitress was nice. A little slow.  I probably wouldn't put it at the top of my list but it was convenient to where we were shopping. The Ginger Chicken and crispy green beans were good. Portion servings were good and we even had left overs.
Patio seating or inside with nice big windows all around. Great place to hear a band!  We had coronas w/limes, relaxed at a high top and listened to Big Nick & The Gila Monsters play. We sat inside but doors were open to the patio. A cool, laid back feel.
Best jeans shop in town, local owned and great folks!  Thanks Jessie and Jessica for checking in with me when my favorite jeans are in, and also for your help finding new cool brands..
Excellent food! I love the carne adobada plate.Great place for happy hour with an awesome patio! I really recommend this place if you like spicy food. Try it!
Always fantastic service and great people! Love the salsas here and green chili cheese crisp!
golden medium wings!!!!!!!! Also really good beer specials and they have some really good looking waitresses
Favorite place now that I permanently live here now. Best food ever.  The bake potato are to die for. Creme Bbrûlée is a must for desert. I love the sport theme. Not one thing I didn't like. Eating and dinning in bar area is fun people watching lol. Staff is friendly.
Service is great!  Food is delicious. Atmosphere is a bit loud due to the open area seating.
Comfortable environment and excellent food. Great for families or date night. The food is a bit pricey, but the portions are very generous.
I eat here all the time best in az I've been comeing here for years great location right in the heart of Scottsdale
The food and services were top notch!! The prime rib was fantastic, trout was fresh and the skirt steak was definitely Chicago style!!
Great food, great environment, great service. We love coming here and bringing friends.
Awesome support of local music! Yummy food, great drinks! I have many times for musical performances legends of the valley plays are often they are now expanding and opening the Arizona music and entertainment Hall of Fame Museum right next door is going to be incredible don't miss it!
Great place to eat, took my love on a date here and the food hit the spot. The Fettuccine Alfredo was good and her Chicken Parm looked yummy
They tow customers' cars! Seriously, I got there at 8:45 pm to meet up with my cousin while he was in town, had a couple of beers inside, and then walked out at 10:30 to find that my car was missing. I had parked on the end of the other cars, which was not a space, so my first guess was that it had been towed.... Yup.I found the phone number for the towing company on a sign on the wall of the establishment and called them. They had no record of having towed my car. Then I walked over to ask a bouncer and he confirmed that my car had been towed. I asked why, and he said that it was because I was parked improperly. I responded, "but I'm your customer and you guys went straight to towing?!" He said that he felt bad about it, but yes. Then he told me I could get the number for the towing company from the other bouncer. I called the number he gave me, and a young woman answered with a simple hello. "Uhhh, is this a towing company?"  She responded that she worked for a towing company. "Okay, I'm looking for my car and was given your number," I said. She then told me that she would text me the towing company number.... and it was the same number that I had previously called. Brilliant. I called the towing company again. Yes, they had my car and no I could not have it back -- not right now, anyway. They open tomorrow morning at 8:00. I must bring $90 to get my car back. This absolutely sucks.So let's back up a little bit. I picked Coach House because I thought it would be a good spot to escape the obnoxiousness that is more typical of the Scottsdale club scene and enjoy a beer in a laid back environment. But I guess it's the holidays.... the older cougars were out hunting and the staff were generally unpleasant. Then my car got towed. The end. That is the last $90 that Coach House ever gets out of me, so I hope their cut was worth it.
Cheap, chill, and a total dive. This place rocks.Definitely the best place for day drinking on a lazy weekend afternoon out on the patio. Save this one for cool weather days.
Best old dive in town! Those lights during the holidays! The bartenders are great. Drew is great! Charles is great! Just an old fashioned bar in the southwest! If you end up in the Phoenix area, visit Scottsdale and get in there!
One of my favorite spots near old town.  Real laid back and chill.  If you're in the area id recommend you try this place.  Also the alcohol is cheap compared to other places near by
Biggest waist of my money and time. Attended 2010 for my associates in pastry. I ended up dropping out when they kept adding bogus charges and trying to get me to sign additional loans.
Rude nail tech. He literally was throwing my hands without a care. Nasty & Mean. They were talking to each other about my nails and the fact that I was only letting them remove. I do not like paying people my money to be rude to me. If your into that then this is the place for you
The ladies are super sweet! Great color selection. Price is great for the service! My pedicure looks amazing! I would definitely recommend!
Nice and cozy, best fish and chips in town, great Bloody Mary too! My husband enjoyed his burger and nothing here to break the bank!
Really enjoyed this little place. Awesome food, great margaritas, friendly service. We had a party of 7 with a few prone to giving any server a hard time, but she took everything with a smile and never let anything bother her. She kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations. None of us left unhappy with what we ordered - everything was delicious!
Outstanding food with authentic environment.  We loved the sangria! You can tell that the server had 20+ years of experience. It is also the best spot for salsa dancing in Phoenix. If you are interested in having a unique experience in Phoenix, I would recommend this restaurant. You can't beat the location and the salsa music. Gotta try it!
I use to come here a lot Who's got Jawbreaker on the juke box? This place does that's too so punk it's beyond punk
Kyoto is great price and great quality for food.  Yes the place has been around for years, but there are good reasons for that.  The people are awesome.
The volcano salmon roll and dynamite roll are great. Everything else is amazing too. Always a favorite place at downtown Scottsdale.
Number 1 and a margarita..... Count it.Best southwestern food around.
Food is average. Service is poor. Can't make a cheese crisp with green chilies without it being soggy.  Server never once came to check on my or refill my drink. Its been this way the last 3 times I was here. I used to like it.
Usually great but tonight the service was horrible. I guess it all depends on the waiter. Food is awesome
Love the size of the pizza, ask the hostess how big it is before you order. The personal size is huge enough to feed two.
Visiting from California.  Best pizza I've ever had.  Service was great too.  Good prices!!
The host was an old italian man who was very very rude. The bread was stale, calamari overlooked place was terrible
Greatness. Been sitting on top deck eating lahvosh for 25 years. Great location in the heart of old town. Lunch or dinner is great - casual.
Great food and service. You have to try the corn bread and save room for dessert!  The rotisserie chick is always amazing
Amanda is amazing and helpful. She's the reason I will continue coming here! Very helpful, kind, and knowledgeable. A perfect 5*.
Liars! The pin on the map takes you to a mansion not Albertson's! But I have been to Albertson's, and yes, it is more expensive than your run-of-the-mill grocery store here in Phoenix. I want to my regular shopping there, just a couple of items here and there when it's most convenient.
Good service good food. Starting to get used to the change in menus.  This location seems to be better than others
Best steak in the metro area and that includes Ruth's Chris and Arrowhead Grill!! Good value for the price and even got a sweet little Happy Anniversary card from the staff.
The food is amazing! The pizza is by far the best over dominos. The place is very spacious. The staff are all very nice and happy to work.
Good food but bad service they all stand around talking and laughing the food takes a while and they short you on bread and avocado so I wouldn't recommend
Dinner time at Iron Chef contestant Chef Beau Macmillian's restaurant.first off the ambiance was outstanding!  If you come here during fall as we did, try to get there before sunset.  the restaurant overlooks the rocks and they look amazing as the sky changes colors.for starters we had seared foie gras and the firey calamari.  Our 9 year old nephew LOVED the seared foie gras.  it was his first time ever having it and i have to agree with him, it was pretty tasty.  the calamari was excellent as well...  not too chewy, lightly crusted, and the arugula salad underneath soaked up the sauces very nicely.for my entree i ordered the smoked pork tenderloin.  i ordered it cooked to medium and it came out perfectly...  i mean PERFECTLY!  the pork itself was packed with so much wonderful flavor.  then the buttnut puree add this wonderfully silky element...  so delicious!  i would order this meal again.my fiance ordered the NY steak.  the butternut squash was sweet and balanced out the flavor of the beef well, but i've had better steak...his cousin ordered the bacon wrapped filet which was WAY better in my opinion.  the mushroom hash was made with wild mushrooms and was very tasty.  i'd get this meal for sure!the nephew's meal consisted of the kid's mac and cheese and fries.  i wish that he had ordered the truffled mac and cheese as their version seemed to taste like it was made out of a certain blue box, but the fries were wonderful.as we were leaving the vallets chatted us up and very very amusing.  great personalities!all in all we had a fantastic experience at Chef Beau's restaurant.!
Great pizza !!!! Probably the best I've had in Scottsdale . The crust is cooked to perfection and all the toppings are great too !! A good and more casual environment for pizza in the Scottsdale area . :)
Excellent ambiance, great fillet, good service. A bit pricey for a Village Tavern.Good portions, with pasta dishes more than enough.
Good food, terrible terrible service. Will not return. I do not know our waitresses name but she was rude. She never came to check on us, I had to asked to get my drink refilled, then she brought the check and left. A few other waiters came by to pick up our plates and cash our checks.
When I found out there was an Italian restaurant that had Gluten Free pastas and wood fire pizza I had to try it out...it couldn't be all that!  Well, it was ALL that and aPlate full of Delish!!!Pasta is SOoooo good I couldn't even tell it was Gluten Free!! Debra was very nice, acknowledged the kids and knew everything that went into the dish. Thank you Pappa Vinny you now have a repeat Family
One of the best in phoenixEveryime we go to Phonix this is a must, never disappointed
The young lady behind the counter was extremely helpful and friendly! Got me in and out in less than 2 minutes.This location is located in a shopping center with parking spots specifically designated for the UPS store so you know you'll never have to lug big packages very far.
Terrible customer services. I'll just use ups! Not helpful at all, didn't work with me at all and didn't care that I was going to ups.
Super duper helpful folks!  And close to the house.  Who needs the depot?  Not I.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!! Nice atmosphere, good service, great food!! I would definitely go here again and again :)
Excellent food and great that they can accommodate large parties the fries are so good you have to eat them all.
Solid 4 stars. Excellent food and service for lunch last week. Very lively place, a little on the loud side. Food made up for it. I will be back.
My favorite place to escape! Clear your day, bring a friend, a journal, and your bathing suit. They have everything else. I recommend getting there early in the day and staying all day long. But only get one or two services, otherwise you are in the waiting room most of the day. You will want to enjoy this spas facilities.This spa stays open later than most. I will usually leave closer to 8 or 9 pm. If you are getting manis or pedis get them at the end of your stay so that you can enjoy the wonderful water features. I recommend several dips in the waterfall, especially before a massage. The inhalation room is another favorite. Another bonus you don't see at many spas; they give good snacks. They have several types of teas and coffee. They have muffins out in the morning, and organic cookies in the afternoon. There are piles of apples and drink stations in several places around the spa. Because I stay all day long, I do order lunch. But is it nice to have other options depending on your length of stay.
Now on FLW next to Petsmart.  Don't go to the old Williams location.  Store is pretty nice, well organized.  Lots of service counters.  Folks are friendly and helpful.
Amazing staff and amazing facility. Would recommend this gym to anyone who wants a nice place to train.
Orange Blossom. Several of them. I love everything about this bar - friendly staff, 30+ craft brews on tap (plus 100s of bottles you can buy), and the food looks good too!
This pizza just saved my life!!!  Thanks Zack!  Always a great night a Papago!  Yelp keeps telling me that my review is too short.  But too many words just screws up great beer.  Simply perfect!
Great food in this neighborhood restaurant. Smoked BBQ & St. Louis inspired food. Owner George knows everybody's name. Dark and old school bar. Fun place to catch a game on TV and catch up w/ people.
It's a very nice store. Not as large of a selection off fountain sodas as others. It has 4 gas pumps. There is even some tables and chairs inside to sit at to enjoy one of the sandwiches or salads they keep stocked. The best thing is there is never a wait at the gas pump or inside.
Best Mexican I've ever had in Scottsdale and Papago is perfectly near by! The Chimichanga with carne asada is amazing. Cheap and always great service.
I love love love the California burrito! It's amazing. Don't like the wait. You get a lot of food for the price.
Love this place! !!!!!!  They have Thrifty Icecream...  the best and the staff is helpful and courteous.   Pick this plave when you need water!
I like this DQ, but it's hit and miss on the quality of the product.  Sometimes they get things correctly, and other times not so much.   It's been in this location for years, and it used to be a great place to go!
Under ground restaurant, dim light for romantic casual dinner, pricey but very worthed to wait. The waiters very informative and fast! I love to go back!!!
Awesome Bar cheap drinks and friendly service. Always a good time opens early cash only
Good location, friendly staff.  Pleasant experience!  The location is in between between the Albertsons and the karate chop dojo.
Holy mother load of antiques.  You'll most likely spend at least an hour in this place because there are thousands of items up for grabs.  Most are overpriced in my opinion but there were some affordable great items as well.  I had a fun time trolling around the aisles.
A REAL hardware store.They really do have EVERYTHING here .My only issue is the prices on some things can be high, really high  - like double or more. I understand paying a premium for good service and good selection but don't get carried away on the prices
Great service and customer service. Love the price matching and great deals! Make sure you check yelp and groupon to check out great deals.
What an awesome experience! Ray was fantastic!  Zero Pressure and very patient! There was no sales pitch. Just helpful hints and he even offered a pillow so we could get the real feel!
Paul is always professional and prompt keeps me coming back for the great service. The facility is always clean and comfortable.
Great place for water and the smoothies are the best! Owner is great too always helpful, always smiling.
If you haven't found a mechanic you trust you have to go and see Ray. This is where you can bring any type of car and b sure they will be honest and not try to rip you off  or pretend something is wrong with your car to make some $
Probably the best meal in Arizona. The pre fix menu is amazing, every course worth the experience.
Unbelievably Great! You can enjoy the smells from the time you pull up! Mmmmmmm!Great old school charm, wonderful food!
Best Italian food in AZ hands down. Great place to take a date or grab a bottle of vino and relax. Would recommend this place to anyone!
This is the secret lunch happy hour lol. Food was wonderfull excellent service and the cheapest drinkest! We usually go to Cordon Bleu but the have closed down there public kitchens. I am so happy I was forced to discover this gem!
Great retaurant...very personal owner....food was fine. Nice ambience and no TV's. You actually can enjoy a conversation.
Annie did an amazing job on lengthening the shelves on my sons suit jacket! She completed on time as promise.
I like their bagel sandwich, both tasty and healthy!I tried the NEW honey smoked salmon, much better than Nova Lox I think
Five stars for the delightfully perky, kind and quick service! Foods was served as expected and the place was tidy.
Sushi is OK. Kabuki is better, they just are. Go try it. I'm trying to keep this short but I'm not writing out a long enough review, maybe if I just say a bunch of nonsense it'll post.
They were slammed for Father's Day, but once we were in our server Jessica did not miss a beat. Their specials are always interesting and I've yet to order anything I didn't enjoy (especially from the beer menu). My favorites are the taproom tenderloin on beer bread with a hopknot. Portions are large so plan to take some home. Inside is A/C, TVs, and it is loud when they are crowded. Outside is generally much quieter, and though you cannot watch the game the patio has a lot of shade and misters running on warmer days.
Great food, great beer, and it's a Vikings bar! What's not to love?? The beer breads are all awesome as is the fish n' chips. And if your lucky enough to be around in the fall give the pumpkin porter a try!
Breakfast burger was so effen good! Been coming here for years. Can't believe it when I ask sheepoles if they have ever been and they say noooooooo!Are you effen kidding me? Got my first hand job in the parking lot for goodness sake! There food is out of this world.
Horrible customer service. Such a shame too, since it's normally a good place to goto.
Yummy food!  Even the water was the best I have ever tasted.We had the spinach dip to start, amazing. For dinner I had the chicken fingers and my hubby had a steak. We will be back!!!
Awesome fries!! Excellent food and fast service. I always have a great time here. Seating is really hood be it outside or inside. This is a must try place.
Great food, atmosphere and beer...great prices as well!!! And it's great for big groups!
Best hangout spot around tempe. The beer, food and ambience is great. Try French fries and peach ale beer.
Get half peach and half Kiltlifter... I call it the Peachlifter! Awesome food and beer. You can seriously order anything here and it will be amazing. Nachos, wings, chicken beer bread, pizza, carne adovada...wish they had one on the west side!
I frequent this place. The food is delicuous like tge beer. Love this place from the brews to the beer and the atmosphere. Lots of outdoor seating. Parking can be challanging though so be prepared to bring you parallel parking skills.
GREAT beer. The hefe and kiltlifter will never taste as good as they do here!French fries are bomb and the nachos are the best! Carne sada tacos over priced and not necessarily worth it good but not for the price!
Five stars. What more could one want? Try the Kiltlifter and the Peach ale. The jalapeño popper burger is also wonderful. Been coming here for years but only now took the time to review it. It's a great place for groups. All of the food I have tried here has been great. The Garlic Cheese Beer Bread is my all time fave.
Simply love the food and drinks.Must go place to chill out with friends.Vegetable burger garlic bread vegetable ceaser salad are one among my favs
Great beer great food great atmosphere they always have something I've never tried on tap and I haven't been disappointed yet
Wife and my date night at 4 peaks. Craft beers , great food at fast food prices. atmosphere is fantastic. Good music. Chef cooked burgers not short order cooks in high school.
This place is delicious. Great food, and their crafted beer is amazing. Wait can be a little long at times, but most of the time you can get say within 30 minutes...their oatmeal stout, and pumpkin porter are two of my favorite beers ever.
Good food, the best eats! Get the chicken tenders!!! Their brews a nothing short of amazing, and the service is excellent. Very clean restaurant area. Parking's a pain, but once you're in, you're gold!
Great food, always fun and very friendly staff. A fun place to eat and watch sports. We have eaten here many times and it is always excellent!
Consistently good. Is that long enough? Okay not enough text for Yelp. One darned good sushi bar
Be careful during happy hour. Shocktop is considered a craft beer here so they will charge you more for it.That said what is cool about this place is the Bloody Mary bar.  You can totally fill up your cup with almost anything and everything there and create your own mix of stuff.After that the food is good and overall a great lunch stop.
The food was so-so but definitely overpriced. As my first time coming here, I can say it will probably be my last. Overall, not a very good experience.
Dopest sandwich shop in all of the land, get the Humboldt if you're looking for something fresh-tasting , otherwise just get whatever you want
This place is a gem in Phoenix!! Highly recommended! Food is delicious, and the service was amazing.
Scarlett does the best hair cuts I ever had!! Highly recommend to visit her!The way she holds the scissors is really fun to watch
This location is always very consistent in service and foodI think it is also one of the busier locations simply because it is basically on ASU Main CampusParking is usually available even on the weekendsThe Southwestern Eggrolls are yumzo!Chilis is great in changing up their menus and adding new things in a great timely mannerThey also have all the classics and things that people loveI like the burgers The sizzlin fajitas are great tooThe drinks are very good each timeThe great thing about this location is that you can have dinner and once you're done with that, you can take a stroll north up Mill ave for fun
Beer was great. Food was OK. Balcony seating was a bonus.The hostess was hurried and seemed to have better things to do, but the servers were pleasant and helpful.
This hospital is horrible. Don't go here. They did nothing for my daughter. I agree with the other bad reviews. It's old, smelly and dirty. The staff could care less about you. It's a revolving door.
Great service from start to finish.  Great ice cream too!! Love they have a true child size servings. Great place to take your kids/grandchildren.
They have the best homemade chorizo hands down! I recommend you try it for yourself to see what I mean!
Woah! Go to the bathroom ahead of time! I was shocked at how dirty this place was. There was a huge hole in the ground and fences up to protect people but really for the price I paid for the ticket it should be a better venue.
Great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share. Very nice server as well. Lemoncello cake was the only disappointment, just a basic lemon cake.
The redeem didn't work anymore, they said! The pizza was ok. I came here just because it 24 hours open :)
The best broth in Tempe! Open early and the best hangover cure. So close to campus. The staff is incredibly nice and there are always customers in there at all times of the day.
By far the best Pho in Arizona so far! Servers are pretty quick to take your order when you sit down.
Good filling food at a good price... A lot of the locals visit this spot. Though the location is a little small and hard to find the food and service is worth it.
One of my "go to" spots for pizza.  Had a wonderful afternoon with good food and drink with a wonderful friend.  It was quiet because it was Sunday so we had a great opportunity to catch up.  The small ceasar salad was fresh and large enough to share.  The BBQ Chicken pizza was amazing as always.
Fantastic deep dish pizza! Got the Uncle Ray's sausage and shrooms and shared it between four of us, 2 slices a piece, and was the perfect amount. Fairly cheap beer prices too. Got a tall 23oz wheat beer glass of Fat Tire for only $6It did take about 40-45 mins to make the pizza but the service was excellent.My family and I even went 2 nights in a row.
Great food and friendly service. They just updated the menu and the Chicken Parm is on point.
Crispy, thin crust pizza was great! Very good wine selections. Fabulous atmosphere and food! Anthony was 'the bomb'!
The food is amazing!!! A must stop when we are out here for Spring Training!  Great service and atmosphere! Cheese Garlic Bread- to die for, Anti-Pasta Salad- so fresh and delicious, Pesto Pasta Bake- bomb, Pizza- awesome, Hot Cookie with Ice Cream- amazing!
New to the neighborhood and just found out that you need to get here early. Don't let the line intimidate you either. Better be ready with your order if you have not been here before.
Fast friendly employees good experience since I was coming in for a free iced coffee, other reviews weren't favorable. I had a fine experience.
Grate coffee and sandwiches and all my visits are amazing and friendly environment. People working are nice and helpful too
Very clean facilities, friendly staff, good-sized rooms, comfortable beds, breakfast buffet for corporate mtg was delicious.  Big drawback was the night time noise.  It is located right on the strip where all the bars and college kids hang out, so if you're looking for a quiet place to turn in at night, this isn't the place for you.  But if you're looking for a place with a lot to do within walking distance, than this is perfect.
Love love love this place!!! Staff is always polite and very helpful :) Love the free dum dum with the tan too! xo
Yes, I had been to Delhi palace the same day I wrote the review. It was around 9 p. And I think it would have been kind enough of the hotel staff to let us know about the ASU discount. But that's alright, if bare minimum courtesy is maintained, even that can work wonders.
Great authentic food with excellent service. Terrific value. We loved the amount of choices on the buffet. Clean !
Anthony is high n tight! Badass service. Oh...and he's 25, not 18Sincerely, CA girlHad a great time tonight. Super packed but service was still awesome! Perfect spot for a bday party!
Are you kidding me with this BS?!!?!!??! Don't even have words for what went down at Improv tonight. Sadly, amazing comics choose to perform here so sadly I must deal with your crap again. Really looking forward to that ugh!!
Do not come here if u actually drink anything other than beer. They use a shot measurer & pour exactly 1 shot for a $6 drink. Cheap asses! I've watched a few bartenders do perfect pours on the Guinness so that's a little impressive. The food is okay and the service is okay.The main thing going for this place is the patio and people you come with. It's in a pretty convenient location so it's not too far for people to meet up when coming from different parts of the Valley.
The food was good as usual. Get the Shepard's Pie with carrots. Wash it down with a glass of cider. You'll thank me later.
New american veggie restaurant. ...pretty darn good! The fake meat is cooked well and has a good texture. We ordered the bowls, one with noddles and the other with brown rice and both were full of flavor and did not taste like what you would normally expect out of a vegetarian restaurant...it didn't tasty "healthy", it tasted good. We also got the spicy edamame.Love the taste and the flavor, only flaw is the price point. I would come here again, but if the price was $2 dollars less on each item, I would come here at least once a week.
Eat the tsoyamis!! The soft serve ice cream is DELICIOUS! They have a lot of different flavors, but they will also serve you plain vanilla soft serve if you want some simple indulgence !In addition to the the delicious tsoynamis, there are a lot of options to choose from on their menu - from burgers, wraps, and fries, to fresh salads and food bowls (similar to what can be found in portland)an all-vegan restaurant in the desert of phoenix/tempe. ENJOY!
Poor customer service, complete waste of money. I would not return or recommend. Save your money and learn from my mistake!!
Very crisp lettuce and great service.  We liked the hot bread.  Very quiet. Would bring anybody from the office could come here and enjoy a nice quiet lunch for sure. We had salads and I could lettuce was like they just come from the grocery store is very crisp my girlfriend loved it!
Love this place, the new management is awesome.Always very clean and treat you nice. Had some great pedicures for a reasonable prices, even my husband like to go
Dirty restrooms and slow unatentive bartenders. College kids. :-(  who runs this place . No toilet paper.
Amazing food and amazing service! We always end our meal with tea and ice cream! The ice cream is homemade
Good friendly and convenient. Order on weekends frequent and yelp needs more written so im typing more letters....
Like the beef more than.the chicken...Everybody calls this place the pink chicken because the chicken really looks pink.  The food is great.  I don't think that they do substitutions because they charged me the regular price when I asked if i could get rice instead of beans with my meal.  I usually order the combo meal but thought I'd give the all beef a shot.  I love their tortillas and their pico de gallo is just the right amount of spicy for me.  The only thing annoying about this place is that they don't take credit cards.  I have to make a special trip just to the atm before i come here.
Just come here and eat. Everything is delicious.If you want to eat a delicious falafel, look no further.  Kabobs? Shawarma? Same thing.I've been coming here since my ASU days and I definitely missed it when I moved away. I've never heard a complaint or dissatisfaction from anyone who has come here to eat.  It's a casual eatery with tasty food at a great price.   I like to split dishes so I can enjoy the different tastes more.  Although salad is really standard, the dressing is amazing for their signature side salad.
Fantastic food every time!!!!!! My favorite when coming up from Tucson!!! I found this spot about 6 yrs ago and every time I get up to the Valley I always stop in and eat and also do a little shopping in the market store as well :) Great prices on the spices!!!!
Best Chicken Shewarma Plate ever! I went to ASU and was a frequent here but now that I've move to Houston, I make every effort to have some Haji Baba the whenever I'm home!
Yum chicken swarm hits the spot each and every time. Looks suspect but it's on point.
Burnt food. Rude server. Disaster. Don't go here. Could not give less than one star. The server says "if you don't want it burnt u ask for medium cooked" he pulled the menu off my Hand too! This is a bad way to treat your customers. I am never going here again. Period.
Great food and fast but don't try the pomegranate juice if you haven't had it before.
It was OK but I don't think we will go back. The service was good but the food was just ok. It's not good that we have had Greek Wrap in Peoria.
Lukewarm pizza under heating lamps that is dried out and extremely overpriced!Honestly I wonder if half these reviewers tried it sober if their opinions would be different.
Crazy good pizza at 1:00 am! Thin crust deliciousness! Little hole in the wall charm welcomes everyone!
Yummy and excellent service! I had the gyro! I was glad I chose them. I'd definitely tell recommend this restaurant! :-)
A nice ambiance and great hummus.  Pizza was tasty.  Service was very good.  We will definetly be back....
Awesome service + delicious food .. and they had a good live band playing as well !! We ordered the gyro platter and lamb chops ... lamb chops were cooked well and the gyro was tasty also.
Excellent gyro on a pita with a tasty Greek salad...spot on!  Can't wait to visit my daughter at ASU - and dine here again!!LOVED IT!!
Average Mexican food. Quest and guacamole are both good choices. Service was good and beer was cold. There are better restaurants nearby, but good for a quick meal or chips and a beer.
Great staff, quick service reliable repair shop!  Two thumbs up.   I am very happy with this place and will be back again.
Excellent gluten free sandwiches and garlic bread!!  About to try the pizza!!!Pizza was great!  I always find myself wanting a thicker Gluten Free pizza crust - but at least I can order a good pizza.  I had the "meatsa" pizza I believe it was called - it was great with the Roast beef on it.  Very happy camper - referred a friend the other day.
Seriously yummy pizza ! So far best we've found out here and we are from chicago!We also had thir strawberry salad which was good. We will definitely be back
Absolutely wonderful Chicago pizza. The last in Arizona ! We got the thin crust sausage pizza, garlic breadsticks and stuffed mushrooms. Everything was perfect. Recommended by a friend and I am extending the recommendation!
Love it! My favorite thing there is grilled cheese!!  definitley recomendable they! Their customer service is excellent!!!
Thank you for a great happy hour! Def recommend! The bartenders were fantastic and attentive to my drink preferences (salted rims!) Head over there your next time on Mill Ave!
Hmmmm.  Not bad if you get a really good rate. Like $40 - $60. Clean, has the basics.  Close to the zoo. Free WiFi and continental breakfast. However, the room we stayed in had a really small bathroom and no dressing area.  The pool was clean and well kept and the staff was really nice and friendly.
Fast and fair service. The female manager was very helpful. They had to order parts for my unusual car. It took a few days, but the job was finished earlier than they estimated. Full break job at a great price.
Great place to get your car repaired. Friendly people and affordable service. Would highly reccomend coming in to see the staff here if you want honest work done
Love the old cavernous interior.  Sat in the pub area and used their Wifi to get work done.  Great burger and friendly staff.  Will try a steak next.
Good service. Took care of my bike and helped by teaching me about the local trails. Good quality items. These guys are also a trek dealership so if you are interested in high end bikes, this is a great place to check out.
Literally,   waited for more then and hour to get seen! Ridiculous! I just don't like the fact keeping the patient here waiting for so long!
Best hamburgers. Best fries. Attention to detail is second to none. The patties are grilled on coals and fries are done in small batches. Ruthlessly efficient too.
Too expensive for a regular burger . Even smash burger better than this place. I've tried cheese burger but it's taste like a regular burger, no tasty flavor or special sauce to attract you
Must eat more! Love this place! I've been going here for the last seven years! Only down side, the line is to long! But that's a good thing!
Been eating here for decades.  Tijuana torpedo is perfection with onion rings.  It hasn't changed at all and that's a very good thing.
Here is the proof...one photo tells all.  Don't stay here unless you don't like sleep.   I will say that after three nights of no sleep they are moving us to a new room.  So, a bit of redemption.
Food was mediocre. Service was mediocre. Nothing special about this place but they still got 4 stars?
Service is great, food is great and speedy! Always have good experiences here. Prices are good as well, especially the lunch specials. The staff is very friendly and helpful.
I dig this place. Everything is on point. Seafood tastes fresh, and there is always a beer on special. The vibe is awesome, and the music selection is usually good. The wait staff is always really friendly.
Incredible outdoor area. Good food and music, too. Oysters are legit! Sit outside in the summer.
Nice hidden Subway, great service, quality food, although gas station is quite dirty. I enjoy coming here for a snack after a long day
So  far had the bucket of shrimp outstanding. Can't wait for the bean town steamer. This place ROCKS, the staff is very energetic, the whole experience was first rate, the food was great..
Food was excellent. The wait was kinda long. We really enjoyed our visit. Very attentive server. Prices were lower than expected. The food looked like the picture on the menu. Overall very satisfied.
Awesome place to enjoy some seafood and great service as well. Our waiter Taylor send it to our every need and was very nice. We didn't have to wait or call for reservation on top of that restaurant was clean as well. I couldn't finish my play because it was so good that I was already full. I would definitely come back here for round two and so on.
Best food and drinks for great price, a happy hour favorite, the great balls of fire (yum), crab stuffed mushrooms wow and $3 hurricane, great
What happened to the seasoned french fries, those were real good, the ones we had we lame and kind of lame. As  usual the burgers were awesome, One thing I did notice that a small kid was having trouble reaching the soda fountain to select her drink. maybe a small stepp might help.
One of the best I have ever been to.  Great stage and performers. Great atmosphere and drinks.  Place is kept up and never had an issue there.  Just don't be a jerk,  perv or stuck up and you'll have a blast
I Love working for this company my bosses and co workers are amazing ..I look forward to being with this company for many years..We also have the lowest prices
Great fun! Great selection of music! Whitney was very nice! Wow! The food is very tasty for bar food. The place is clean. They offer a great menu until very late hours. Good time!
I love this place! Great music and good location. We like to meet here and watch sports on the many TVs. The staff is great and super attentive.
If you need professional and pretty eyelashes go here ! Ask for amy, very nice lady enjoyed taking to Her ;)I called at 530/6 ,They were busy so she told me to come at 7 and she was ready then. I only got eyelash services. But they best I've had so far. 25 $ medium flare lashes.  Painless , quick and Neat ! Don't worry about the mixed reviews, go in and form your own opinion. Only In town visiting but I will defiantly be back.. Close to the Arizona mills mall as well
Oh my goodness!  Employees are so grumpy!We tried to go through the drive through to get our free satisfries. We were told we could only get one order per car do we had to park and go inside.  Kind of ridiculous. Satisfries = meh.
It's usually good food. The inside is clean and decent every time I have gone in. I mean it is just fast food, so temper your expectations, order a bacon double cheeseburger and some onion rings, and u will be good to go
Completely rude. Will never go back.  Was asking for advice on what to do with my shoe repair. He cut me off and when I questioned how long it would take to put insoles in he was offended and told me to go somewhere else!  Gladly.
I just love this place. I have been coming here for awhile and even though it needs to be updated it is still awesome :)
My favorite Chinese food place!!! I order from here at least twice a month...  The potstickers and crab puffs are awesome and I really enjoy the pork chow mein and sweet and sour chicken! I'm never disappointed with their food!
Love church's but the service here is a joke always slow, you would think at noon they would be prepared for lunch. The staff is always very impersonal and act put out to serve you. This location needs some serious help
Sad that I moved away from this place but always stop in when I'm in the area. I got a breakfast sandwich and a raspberry cream cheese one.
Great food! Our dish was delicious, hot and fresh. We enjoyed it immensely. We highly recommend this place.
I'm so mad at this location. I'm grabbing lunch with my boyfriend and we pulled up to this location. We ordered 2 holiday specials both with red beans and rice but one with mashed potatoes. I pull up to the window and ask the lady if I could change my mashed potatoes to Cajun fries. She said it would be an extra few minutes I said ok and we waited. She finally handed us our food and our debit  card I asked her for hot sauce, buffalo sauce, and honey. She huffed and rolled her eyes at me. Smh I was so upset. I love their food it's great but their customer service is so horrible!!!!
Quick and friendly service great tasting  food i had the superstar combo medium size everything tasted great they brought  the food to my table before i was even able to fill up my drink which is super fast :-) the shakes are pretty great as well
Fantastic food!  Cool atmosphere. Seems to be pretty popular. Small place. Great selection. Sauces are fantastic!  Might be some of the best food I have ever had!  Would go here again in a heartbeat!
I enjoy the employee at BFHS, I like the excellent care I get here at backfit. The message therapist as well as the front desk employee are super kind & compassionate
Great lunch specials and daily $.99 items. Always a great meal. Love this and all Filiberto's but this one is walking distance from my place and is open 24 hours soooooo, yeah. What more could anyone really ask for? Typical food, you all know what their food is all about, but I really like this location. Not just because it's super close and I can get great Mexican food at any hour of the day, the inside is unique. They have a few fun games and a bigger than average seating area if you need a cheap, good place to eat at 3am! I love fresh Mexican food, especially late at night. Thank goodness we live in Arizona, and 3 minutes from this gem!
Great service and great work! They do take a little while, but if you plan for it and its not a big deal at all. But the customer service it was very good.
Yummmmm! Best Chow Mein ever!! I came here three days in a row and tried different things! Nothing was disappointing! Love this place!
Best service. Great food. Good quality! Their pizza is fab. Appetizers, sandwiches. And desserts rock it too!!
a+++ service and great food couldn't complain at all. great staff and good manager. Everytime I come here they are soo nice. The pizza rocks , reminds me of a place back home.
love this disney store! they have sales which is nice. i was able to buy a rapunzel barbie doll for only $6.99! the staff are friendly and helpful. overall, a good place to take the kids!
I love this place!  Great fresh tortillas, and fresh pan.  So yummy! The people are always so nice.
They always put like 3 salsas in my bag, even when I ask for extra...no forks or napkins either, I hate when you have to ask for every little thing and they look like they're annoyed when you do. And me and my girlfriends stomachs are screwed up today, I don't think it's a coincidence.
I think so my best things here to eat our breakfast burritos.they also have really good specials throughout the week and you can't go wrong with her combo plates.
Great food great service...doma...mmm good. Bummed  to see the place didn't have many people get for lunch. The last was kind and served us our drinks. Good cooked to perfection.
The windows and doors are boarded up. Apparently, it is closed!There is no way to get any food. So, I would skip this one.
Love this place. Quality and lots of choices. I don't get there nearly enough. I especially love the chocolate covered caramels.
My favorite place to go,  Cash only,  no restrooms,  but amazing chili cheese dogs. Went with hubby every once in awhile.  Price not bad about 12 to 13 for both of us.  Fries are good especially when u dip it into the extra chilli cheese that falls. My hubby got chubby dog and he loved it.
Fun food and good pizza.  Though shall return. The pizza crust was nice and sweet  and made the pizza better tasting.
Very good service. On top of things. Very good people. Ask what u need and see if everything is OK
Try the fish and chips. The shrimp has a lot of breading. If your looking for cheep this is your place. Only take cash
Great food eat here all the time prices are great! The food tastes great and I have never had a better experience here great!
Amazing little place for breakfast!! Great food and the prices are not bad. Good service. The decor is sure to catch your eye!!!  Will come again.
Just awesome! Cute atmosphere and great service. Ginger bronie rocked! Muffins were delicious. Will definitely go back again. Thank you!
Great little breakfast spot. Come early because it gets full.  I've been coming here for years whenever I am on that side of town. It has never let me down. Good old fashioned home cooking.
The best breakfast in AZ and don't forget the bakers basket. The atmosphere is fun and old fashion country style. The home made cookies at the register are amazing, don't pass them up. The egg creations each day are unique and well worth a try.
Great food & service!!!  Love their cheese enchiladas!  The price was excellent also.
I used to eat here all the time, carne asada fries....yum. Still good Although the portions have got smaller...only reason didn't give it a 5
Went there for the first time to watch Arizona Coyotes. Hockey game very cool. Hopefully I can see another game sometime.
Round 3, Game 1 Western Conference Finals. Go KINGS!Came here during the 2012 epic Los Angeles Kings run to the Cup.Tickets to this arena are very inexpensive, even for the playoffs.  It's a shame that Phoenix/Glendale residents don't come out to support their team.  The Coyotes are actually a very decent hockey team.  With that said, I'm a die hard Kings fan.  This game was ridiculously fun to be a part of.  It was almost a 50/50 split Coyotes/Kings fans.  If you are hesitant to come for your team's road game, don't be.  It's not a hockey town, so there aren't any rabid fans starting trouble.The arena is actually very nice.  It's situated at the back of a large outdoor mall. (similar to the Grove or Americana)  Kind of awkward for a hockey arena to be, but I get the appeal.  Glendale doesn't have much to offer, so this area is a great one-stop kind of place.  There are many sports bars to choose from and you'll see lots of Coyote banners.  It's pretty cool that the businesses all support their home team.  I only wish it were this easy finding a hockey sports bar in LA.The reason for the minus 1 star is because the lower bowl seating area is very uncomfortable.  Usually, the lower bowl is more comfortable than upper bowl.  Because this arena was built for hockey, it's a pretty great view anywhere.  The seats we got for Game 1 of the 2012 Conference Finals were upper bowl, Row A.  When we had won that game, my boyfriend and I noticed, in the luxury suite directly beneath us, a gentleman sticking his head out to join us in our celebration.  That man was Tim Leiweke, then GM for the Kings.  He grabbed someone else to say "hello" and it was Luc Robitaille.  They both posed for photos, which only added to our high.Walking through the shopping area, we saw Leiweke and Robitaille again, at dinner. On the walk to the player's hotel, we passed Dustin Penner blowing a snot rocket in his suit. Jarrett Stoll stood outside, talking to a group of people.  Inside, we saw Kopitar coming out of an elevator, but quickly got back in when he saw the small group of LA fans waiting for him. Leiweke and Luc came through the lobby again-they were everywhere! According to some fans we spoke with, Tim was mingling at the hotel bar, buying drinks for all the fans who had made the trip out.This Stanley Cup Playoff game felt like we were at an exhibition game. If your team is playing the 'Yotes, you should definitely make the trip to see them.
Is Starbucks locations because I like your coffee there service atrociously abysmalz at this location don't expect good service nothing that any other starbucks does is ever done here a2 minute order at a regular starbucks can take 10 minutes here unprofessional conduct by employees walking around behind the counter carrying your purses when you're not even wearing a Starbucks shirt or uniform
Awesome orange creme slush! Happy servers - very patient with our large order. Great Spring Break stop ;) don't forget to tip!
undercooked chicken. are you kidding me?! disgusting. they never seem to get it right.
Very nice church in the west valley. If your in the area it's a great place to stop by and visit. Very large parish and school.
Food is good. However Stay away from their fountain drinks. I got water and the water tasted horrible. The soda machine is connected with PVC plastic pipe instead of having a copper this explains why the water tastes so bad like plastic, when u drink a soda you won't notice the taste but try the water and you will know what I'm talking about
It's pretty ono..not as good as L&L but still can fix my cravings from home..I always get the kalbi lunch plate, and the Spam Musubi.   Better to order the meal with raw cabbage then cooked cabbage.
No employees help, and store is so dirty....  Shoe department is a joke.. Feels like a 2nd hand shop.  Other kohls aren't like this... This store is just falling apart... Beware...
My little dog always comes out perfect when I take him to Sarah!  She always had him finished on time.
Great taste fast service nice guy!! 21.00 for 4 to eat.  Combos have egg roll and self serve s soda. Highly reccomended. If traveling through I'll stop again.  Kids loved it hubby loved it: )
live close by so it's a great place to get a burger!!!!!!!!!!great place great friendly staff
Best Mexican food ever!  Full of flavor and very authentic. Absolutely love this place.
Best Mexican food in Avondale period,the salsa and chips  is real good also try the open cheese crisp with quaqamole and red chili burrito and there sweet tea is the bomb
The chickens enchiladas were absolutely amazing!!!!!! Some of the best Mexican food I have had in a very long time.  I would totally recommend this place and if you want really good Mexican food this place is it!
First time here. Very nice staff. Awesome food with great prices. You can't go wrong with anything you choose ftom menu.   They serve breakfast all day if that's you thing, definitely worth a try and I will be going back.
Eh, it's good. Hasn't changed much over the years but it's consistent. Still friendly although the order takers could stand to listen harder
Awesome food. Cool shops! Great photo areas, and beautiful garden area!!!! Hilarious signs and nice play areas.
The harvest salad was great.  Went here for lunch with my husband and mother-in-law (sans child) and had a really wonderful lunch.  I had the heirloom gazpacho and it was fantastic :)  I tried it due to other Yelp reviews and it was definitely worth a try.  We had lunch on the patio, which was nicely shaded, and it was the first time in my life that I actually thought a golf course view was pleasant.  (I'm not into golf, so I generally don't care about golf courses).  Had a New Zealand wine with my salad - super.  I wouldn't recommend this establishment for small children, but it was a great get-away place to have lunch without your small child ;)
That was awesome!  BLT and a Sam Adams on a beautiful day.  Sat outside looking over the golf course and it was absolutely wonderful!
Fantastic rub for any grilling!  Have used repeatedly on both chicken and pork.  Enjoy our weekend trips to Cave Creek and always restocking Suzanne's Southwest Rub!
Has really gone downhill...not worth the calories...Wings were greasy not like the wings we drove here for.
It's great the staff is friendly the food is goodAnd it's not too expensive either great place to take family and friends from out of town
First time... Well see how it is.this was a very nice restaurant. the owner himself comes out and talks to you. wasnt very busy the night we went. they try hard to get you what you want even if it isnt on the menu. i cant remember exaclty what i ordered but it was very good. my husband got a pizza it was very good as well. maybe we'll go back if we are ever in the area again.
The place is awesome!....the atmosphere, service, entertainment and food. You can go inside to dance and get cooled off or enjoy the live bull riding and entertainment outdoors.
Low key - food is ok.  The fried chicken is the thing to get.  Lots of stuff to look at inside and out.  Good for the kids
Always great service and super friendly. I would recommend this location. They never overcharge and they always try to save me as much money as possible. Not to mention the rewards for using them are great.
Great food and very authentic. Service was good and quick.Ask for the hot sauce but beware it has a little kick to it.
Always delicious food and great service.The atmosphere is so cozy and homey.Some times the owner comes by and asks us how everything is.Nice personal touch.
Good food with the best beans and tortillas I've had in a long while. While most will just drive right pass and only notice the strange name and the space ship out front. This is truly a gem in the desert. The staff is friendly and the food very good. A mix of mexican and american fare is available. The souvenirs are worth browsing through, some of the most unique items you will ever see  and some are quite funny. The wall mural over the check out counter is awesome. But you will have to go see it for yourself cause im not telling what the image is. Between Phoenix or Tuscon Yuma, there is no place better to stop for a bite to eat.
Excellent service. Great food. Very nice staff. Oh, but the salsa will set you on fire! :)
Very tasty.  A place that the locals visit. Everything we ate was good. Had the shredded beef tacos.
Great restaurant.  Shrimp dish was soo yummy.I liked mexican doft drink too!
Love this bar,awesome crowd.great bartenders.ask for a shot of Sammie Juice, Taco Tuesdays, and Fish Fry on Friday's
Been coming to Big Heng for over 10 years. Love it, usually get the orange chicken with fried rice.
They are very unprofessional and complain too much. I will never go back. They're pushy. I haven't even seen dental students complain like this.
I love it! Everything about it. The coffee is amazing.  It's a great place to study.  The staff are all kind and easy going.  Not a religious type of environment.  Just calm and sweet people.  I love Book's,  I love coffee and I love God. So win-win for me.
I love this place. My favorite drink is the white caribou. Absolutely delicious! Definitely recommend all coffee lovers to give it a try. Sucks that they're not open on Sunday's.
Every time I have been they provide awesome service. Great customer service. Very extremely fast service. I order online and by the time I get there they have my pizza hot and ready
Always fast and good sandwiches the wheat bread is the best.  I like to get the beach club they have really good guacamole
Simply awesome work and customer service. Forever a customer! Carol and Tina are great, will definitely refer my friends.
Great little dive with the best donuts in town.  A true gem.  The owners are up at the crack of dawn each morning to make these donuts from scratch.  I love supporting local business and this is one worth the effort.
Friendly staff and amazing food! I have yet to try something my kids or I disliked. They are always busy and still take the time out to smile and greet you. The prices are reasonable and it's almost too conveniently located because I go there too often. I love this place and their food
Great donuts very friendly employees. Arrive early if you want chocolate donuts. They come in a white box with string tied in a bow. You can't eat just one either!
Finding hair in your pastry can really put a damper on your experience. Was not very impressed.
The staff is so rude we checked out. Unbelievable that the lady still has a job in hospitality.
Worst car wash ever! Bad attitudes & horrible customer service!!! Go somewhere else. Very slow & don't care about length of time. Waited 20 minutes & there were only 2 other customers
There were stones in my food!! I used to eat here all the time but now I am truly afraid!
Excellent gluten free thin crust pizza. Got the Margarita. Delicious! We ate outside with our dog. There are only 3 tables but we were lucky and it wasn't busy.
Fabulous food, end of story. Atmosphere is gorgeous. Again, a must place to bring family and friends. One of my favorite places to eat and relax.
Great ribs, had the 50/50 platter! Delicious! Great food, people and experience!  Before I forget the "mules" are delicious, we had the Moscow and the one with tequila, dirty the named eludes me at this point for the latter "mule"... Lol
Terrible quality food.  Will never go back.  Taco salad had water at the bottom making the shell mushy.  Husband agreed that his meal was of low quality as well.
Waiting 19 minutes and counting for food. Drive thru getting food but not diners. Received food after 20 minutes.  One counter person friendly the other was not. Out of frosted mugs as well. How do you let your freezer not be stocked when customers are counting on the frosty mug root beer.  Will not come back.
Great pizza, fast delivery, super nice delivery guy! Delivered to Railroad Pass Hotel, straight to the room which was nice.
Tomatoes looked disgusting and why don't they carry ketchup? Isn't this America? I hope this microwaved breakfast griller tastes good...
love this place!!! great customer service! Owner is great! Willing to help you out! They have great deals also. My boyfriend and I come here all the time and get their two foot sandwich! A++ rating
Drive thru is always slow. They can't make a burger without it looking like it got tossed on to the bun. Some of the crew is nice and others show they don't care it's just a job. Hard to leave pleased.
Always messing up my order. It's really irritating ! They need to pay attention. It's not the company's fault, grrrrrr employees!
Best Mexican food in Henderson and even Las Vegas. Great staff as well. I've been coming here for years and their quality has remained consistent the entire time. They always use fresh ingredients and have a drive thru which is a plus. They have a small salsa bar in the inside with a few to choose from.
Love this place! Hidden gem! Very nice folks too! Best tacos around!!! Found it on Yelp and after trying a couple other places this became our go to for Mexican food.
Authentic taqueria in Henderson! First time here, it's nothing fancy and this is why I love it. Quality food, clean atmosphere, and reasonably priced makes for a great establishment.
"Henderson Special... 5 pounds of wings and large one item pizza for $38.25"....this was my tip posted at Johnny Mac's this past Saturday night that our fantastic server Andy suggested. Thanks again, Andy!Haven't had time to post this review until now, and it looks like SOMEBODY beat me to the story we were told about the elderly lady who a couple of Octobers ago drove her 4 cylinder Hyundai through the fornt of the restaurant at 10:30am. Luckily, no patrons were present. Result...two cool roll up style garage doors with custom sun shades!The search was on for decent chicken wings.  Looking for a place that offers several sauces to choose from, entertaining ambiance, friendly customer service, reasonable prices and not a fast food joint, nor smoky atmosphere. A 30 minute drive and 23 years of being Las Vegas resident searching and searching, and we finally found the best chicken wing spot in the Valley!Located south of the 215/Lake Mead on Boulder Hwy in the Smiths shopping Center in Henderson.Friendly hostess, comfortable and clean booths, unique glass partitions, wall decor is unique and fun, ceiling fans galore, lots of big screen TVs, good beer selection at reasonable prices, kids menu, small candles lit on each and every table, classic rock songs from the 1960s, 70s and 80s playing not too loud, but not too soft.Chicken wing sauce choices include bbq, hot and mild...and also the following 4 that we tried:1. Watermelon BBQ-certainly a unique creation that earned 2 lbs of this sauce, 2. Garlic Cilantro-very flavorful, 3. Lemon Pepper-dry rub seasonings, 4. and a one of a kind Suicide sauce that they were out of. But Andy, our excellent server originally from St. Louis, told the chef how far we drove and they custom made this tangy hot sauce for our last lb of wings.  The pizza was good hot and cold the next morning as a leftover. Oh, plenty of celery and no shortage of extra blue cheese dressings.Every employee, at least the 5 or 6 we spoke with, all were very friendly, smiled easily and had fun sense of humor.  this place has been around since 1984 and the reason why is not just the delicious food, it's the ownership/management that leads a great crew that without a doubt enjoy working here.Football fan?  This is the "Home of the Buffalo Bills...Sunday All-You-Can-Eat Buffet w/ Pizza, Famous Wings, Chili & 1 Drink $10.00" ...from the menu.Yelp Talk will now be happily updated.We'll be back!
Great place to see new movies for cheap. The popcorn and snacks are awesome too!!! There aren't many places where tickets are less than $10 a person. It has a great little arcade too. Everyone should check it out
Excellent work and had my car back the day it was promised!!! The shop was clean and employees were friendly. Most shops seem sleepy and dirty. The main thing I liked was the customer service and good work!
Great place for Chinese. Its in Henderson, but its so close to my house. It servers chinese, Thai and Filipino dishes. And its affordable. Very well nicely decorated and the prices are very low. And its their Grand Opening so when this happens, have to try it out and so should you.
Home fries are homemade potatoes chips....  That's not the limit of unique food here though.   The selection is amazing,  and you'll find a little bit of everything here.   I got the lobster omelet,  and you cannot go wrong fir $15 with this delightful dish.   Service is also great,  though we were the only ones in the place at 7am.  The only reason I'm not giving the Omelet House  five stars is that the place is a little dated.   It has charm,  but is in need of a nice face lift.
Quaint diner. Small town feel outside the big city.This place is located in "Hendertucky" on Boulder Highway. Service is quick, food comes in huge portions, menu is varied (lots of omelet selections obviously), and coffee is served up hot. All pluses for me. Another plus was their warm, soft delicious banana bread served up with nice, spreadable butter. I love a place that brings me butter with my banana bread. That's the way to eat it right!Husband and I both ordered omelets which were overflowing off our plates. We ended up taking a big portion of our meals home. I'd say the omelets had to be at least 5-eggs. They do not skimp.If you're in the Hendertucky area and need a filling breakfast, this one is a winner!
Bar makes really good white russians, loose slots, friendly staff, great atmosphere. Love the players rewards. Plus I like that it is within walking distance to two other casinos.
Super Nachos and Ranchero eggs hit the spot!If you find yourself in Henderson (on the way to Lake Mead perhaps?!) this is worth the detour!
My favorite little place in the water street district ! Love it ! Fast delivery! Everything is so yummy . I love the French dip and the breakfast sandwich on the bagels.
Best donuts hands down anywhere soft fresh made with TLC. I am a chef I don't go anywhere that serves crap. This place is the real deal I wish they would open more in town
Wound care facility is awesome! The Drs, Nurses and staff are wonderful!!! The HBO department is great!!
A great church, very welcoming, and a place where it's okay to not be okay!!! Awesome services on Saturday and Sunday! Children's environment from birth to high school. Amazing Pastor, and epic worship!
This place has terrible music and an obnoxious bald bartender. For an Irish establishment they sure don't have a good selection Irish drinkage.
Great people! Fun atmosphere! And best of all is the people that work there. Great service with a sense of humor! And really good grub! Definitely a place I don't want you to come to! Cus  it's a place that should be a secret. So please stay away! Lol
Awesome place! Many a great nite at old Scoundrels! Cheese steaks are the bomb! Fun atmosphere and great gaming. 3 pool tables and 3 dart boards. As well at golden tee and big buck hunter! Lots of fun, food and drinks to be had at this little north side gem!
I moved from Portland to north Las Vegas  and got confirmation calls and emails reserved and gave me $1 move in rate! Thank you very much! Staff was very helpful and great on follow up service!Thanks!
We had the two for twenty. I had the low calorie option and it was very good. This place is really close to the the airport and a double tree not really local people dinning mostly transient people. There are more options up eastern.
Mom likes coming to the airport early so she can play the starwars slot machine. The guy sitting next to her just won $300.00.We visit Las Vegas 5 times a year so we are very familiar with this airport.We take Hawaiian or United so we are in the new terminal 3. It's actually pretty easy going through tsa here and they have a ton of check in counters via computer screens so it makes it quick to check in.They have a few good places to grab a bite to eat and they are open late when we are taking the red eye flight.The slots here pay out so that helps pass the time quick.Bathrooms are clean and spacious.Free wifi which also makes the time go by quickly.Easy airport to navigate.Just arrive on off hours or the taxi lines are really really long or make sure you have a car service arrange in advance that makes a difference.
Tell taxi driver not to take Interstate!  Taxis are always an ordeal here, either there's a really long line or they try to take the most expensive route possible.  The Mirage is only 4 miles away yet they always try to take you out on the Interstate which doubles the mileage.As far as the airport itself, there's a lot of amenities that can keep you occupied while waiting for a flight...even last minute gambling.
Great place to fly in/out of...They got planes. They go up and down. They got security. They have machines that look thru your clothes and see if you have bombs attached to you.They got Burger King that costs $15 for an extra-value meal and you still get that same sick feeling after.If I am flying in or out of Vegas. This would be my first (and only) choice as to airports.
United is always at gate D and furthest away possible from security check.
As many times as I been to Las Vegas, I usually naver have an issuse with McCarran airport. It's clean and full of slot machines, which gets you ready for the casinos. Slot machines, massages and Starbucks are A-OK in my book.
Don't gamble at the airport. The games are better on the strip! If you get here at a peak time, you will wait a long time for your luggage. And I mean a LONG time like over an hour. Sometimes it's best to just go have a drink instead of standing there waiting for something to happen.Also, they tell you to get there two hours before your flight leaves. Don't believe them unless you are leaving at 5:00p on a Sunday afternoon or something like that. Flights before 11:00a are a piece of cake to make even with security.Cabs are easy to find. If you pay more than 25 bucks to get to a hotel on the strip, you have been screwed by your cabbie. Remember that when he looks at you like it's time for a tip. To give you an idea of how to measure, the Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Aria and Cosmo are all about $15 - $20 to the airport. If they try charging you more, they are robbing you.
In line to get my CES badge for the show, the line went pretty fast !
Big airport..decent food options .. Easy to get to and from the strip can't complain one of the better airport to travel into in the United States
Why does this airport stand out from all other airports? SLOT MACHINES!!!!So if you're flight gets delayed you probably wouldn't care :) There are recharge zones near the restrooms and the carpet makes you feel like you're in a not-so-fancy hotel.
Nice amenities, always quick through security just arrive a little early. Plenty of places to eat and drink while you wait, the shuttle system for rent cars is excellent.
Try the mr. Lucky's slot machine in the D terminal. It's my favorite slot machine. Its also my favorite airport because its in my favorite city.. LAS VEGAS! Plenty of eating choices to choose from, lots of good people watching and plenty of places to rest your head if you are catching a flight on zero sleep (Been there, done that!)
Not nearly enough outlets to charge devices. Most airports have oversized chairs with USB ports and some tall tables  with USB ports and electrical outlets.  Not McCarran.  They have two hallways that have about 12 outlets/usb ports. Not only are hundreds of passengers trying to use those, airline personnel were also trying to charge their devices before their flights.  Get with it McCarran.
Not crowed easy place to navigate. Allot of interesting people.  Allot security. Departing allot of tired people
Really stuck it to us on this package deal to vegas.  You suck.  If anyone ever considers a southwest airline vacation package be warned... The package they sold us wasn't half what we thought it was.  They screwed us royally...and I think treasure island should share in the blame too
Easy, friendly and out the door. That is all I want in a rent a car company!Yes, they asked me to buy insurance. I said "no thanks" and that was that, no attitude.Easy return, a friendly thank you, and I was off! Will use again!
Impressed with how quick we got our rental car!  We got a decent rate and checking in and out was a breeze!  Convenient shuttle to and from the airport, with hardly any wait time! We will definitely go with Alamo the next time we need a rental car!
Spam Musubi, Portugese Sausage, Hawaiian Breakfast...A perfect way to start a day in LV. The Saimen is the best cure for hangovers.
Amazing food and everything on the menu is great! But this place can be pretty crowded but it is well worth it!
Two things....the bread and the cioppino.  Wonderful.  Added some lemon to my stew and it had the right zest to the seafood galore.
The best Mexican food in Vegas !!! Everything is good breakfast lunch and dinner I had the huevos rancheros fresh coffee the best tamales
Dinosaur egg exhibit. Fun museum to visit with the family. Will come back for another visit.
Excellent!! Great exhibits with or without the kids. Exceeded my expectations. Admission is very reasonable - their website also offers a buy one get one adult admission!
I know these guys take great care of thier customers.  Great choice for bail bonds!  They are polite, understanding, and fair.  This is a family run operation, not some heartless corporation.
Cleanest restrooms I've ever seen! The only thing that makes this bar a dive is that it is smokey and located on fremont street. But other than that this bar is really cool. Signature cocktails are also tasty. Try em out.
Best bar in Vegas.  Period.  Tori is the best.  When in Vegas there is is only one place to go.
Great place simple fair prices straight forward. I took my 1994 Land Rover Defender 90 to them and they put on flow master exhaust, it's awesome! They ceramic coated the entire exhaust and put on extra fixtures and fittings for free. These guys Rock!
9:30 pm on a Thursday, security guard prevented us from parking at the El Cortez Hotel w/out a Players Card or room key... Got a free spot on the street instead.Joe's is very close to the sights on Fremont Street without actually being in the thick of it.Pizza was just ok, but the owner made up for it with authentic NYC enthusiasm! On the edge of being annoying (and annoyed), but it was clear his heart was in the right spot.Very nice vibe; they even held our leftovers until we were done with the Fremont Street Experience!
Great atmosphere, service, and food! A bit pricier than your "Outbacks" and what not, but well worth the money. Advanced reservations is definitely recommended.
This place is old school Vegas. Classic!So much character, its literally overwhelming. From the worn down floral carpet from decades past to the ancient slot machines to the bizarre yet wonderful people playing the slot machines to the awesome neon signs, this hotel is just pure class. Located catty corner from the heart of Downtown Vegas social life (Commonwealth, The Griffin, Le Thai), this hotel is in prime location for when Downtown Vegas becomes the new hipster hotspot. The room: well decorated and comfortable. They NEED to fix the showers - they are a lawsuit waiting to happen. There is scalding hot and cold and nothing in between.
Terrible steaks and sub-par ribs.  Avoid this place!!!!  Out of 17 of us, no one had a good meal. We complained and the offered to fix our steaks, but they came back even worse.  We complained to the manager and all they would do is offer a dessert.  We did not accept.
Review #10No one at Carson Tower front desk at 12am.  This is Vegas. Should be 24 hrs. Hotels in small towns have 24hr service.  You have to go to Rush or Gold Towers to check in to Carson Tower then haul your luggage back over again to Carson.Room shower doesn't work & no rooms left. Waiting on maintenance since 1:25am & its now 1:57am.  So far not looking good.  Not worth 1 star so far.Room view is nice of moon & strip.  But no shower water!  I'm tired & on DC time in Vegas. So my body clock is at 5am even though its 2am Vegas! I have a friend's wedding to attend in 12 hrs & need sleep & a shower before the wedding.Update:  shower working but water still dripping badly when you turn it off, no matter which way you angle water knob.  I told front desk this but no maintenance ever came to fix it.  I will give some good points though & up the stars to 2.5 for the rest of the hotel, not the room & extra charges for tea & coffee, Internet use ($12.99 for 24 hrs- quite outrageous when other hotels include free Internet), & $4 for a small bottle of water.  Go to Walgreen's 2 blocks from hotel to buy water, noise for construction, since I'm a nice person, & hate to give bad reviews.   The location is great for Old Vegas & you can walk out of the hotel to Fremont Street which is crazy, but a must see.  The restaurants & bars inside the hotel are wonderful & the famous, largest "Golden Nugget" is showcased here. I'll write more later, but I must go run errands.
Had a wonderful time in the casino as always..... Will definitely stay here on our next trip. The pool area is one of a kind and the customer service here is always on point.
Worst Sports book in Vegas. Small, Smokey, dark and rude management. There is very limited seating. The management asks you to leave if you're not a hotel guest.
Great rooms and very clean.  The most expensive hotel on Fremont Street.  I stayed on a Sat night and it cost $239. Cheapest I've seen a room was 89 bucks for the evening.  It's your call on this one and it's all about the money.
Yup, very little actual 'treasures' - tons of pawn stars memorabilia. I had a Corey sighting in the parking lot. The line moves quick. Just not too much to see.
"On the next episode of Pawn Stars.."I never watched the show until the boyfriend stayed over.  I mean whenever we talk or FaceTime, he's always either watching it, laughing to it, or telling me about it.  I was fully aware that sooner or later I will be sucked into watching this and I did watch it continuously on Netflix whilst he was asleep the last time he was here.  Pawn Stars is a reality TV show, the shop is a family-owned business (24 hour), and became the top TV show and behind them, Jersey Shore.  The show is hilarious because people from all over try to come in to try and pawn their stuff and sometimes they leave empty-handed although I must admit that it's mean of me to laugh but sometimes the predicaments are funny.The store is a lot smaller than what it appears to be on television.  The boyfriend's brother was highly disappointed.  I wasn't there to sell or buy anything so I didn't have any expectations.  I just thought it was cool to actually visit a site that is featured on TV.  Oh and on the way to there, we saw that wedding chapel that the Asian gangs shot Eddy (Hangover)!  It was so cool to see that because Hangover is my favorite movie of all time and because I love Bradley Cooper.
Just disapointing!!!! If you like the show, just watch it but if you wanna see where they always working, you're wrong!!! You wont see those fat guys! It was our 4th time in there and last time!!! I wont watch the show anymore.
horrible.  Don't waste your time. Not what i expected at all was a complete disappointment.....
For my fellow Laotians looking for authenic food, this place is a must! This is my go-to place when I don't feel like cooking :) I've tried most of the items on the menu and everything has been good so far. I have recommended this place to all my friends and family too!
Had lunch here today was again pretty good. Loved the pork chops and sweet potato. The salad bar was good too. The tacos station was so Ono also.
Lots choices. Excellent quality & great prices compared to rest of Old & New strip! When we visit Las Vegas we Atleast visit this buffet once & love their Brunch option! Especially the sugar free chocolate pie!
Fresh air & Vegas history!  One of my favorite parts of my trip was visiting this museum.  The two guides obviously also had a love for the history and what they are doing - it was infectious.  I learned a ton about the craftsmanship of the signs and history of old Vegas. Very cool indeed!Be sure to make a reservation - you can't just show up. I reserved/paid online. They are in the middle of building a visitor center, which I'm guessing will make it easier for more to visit in the future.
$18 adults. Residents, seniors, vets, military, and students $12 .and children under 6 are free!This is an outside tour so you should dress accordingly to the weather! The tour guide is very insightful and the museum tour is really fun. BE SURE TO MAKE RESERVATION! We were there when they just opened for two weeks and all the tours were sold out. It'd be best to call ahead!
Takes me back to 1988. Artistically placed well. Well informed tours. Guided tours only. Takes an hour long. April is a perfect time to visit. I can't even imagine doing this tour in the summer. They will have night tours soon this coming summer! That should be very very cool to see these huge signs all lit up!!You can also do photo shoot here, you just have to enquire. This is a cool place to do a photo shoot!! $16.00 admission with a guided tour.Discounts for locals and military.A great place to take a break from the strip and gambling!
Night tour was great! And FYI they do allow photography at night. It is true that only a few of the signs actually still work, but they also light up a lot of the signs with lights on the ground for extra effect. It's all still very cool.
Old Las Vegas signs have a home! Great place to get some of Las Vegas' history. Our guide was super informative, and very easy going. My friend and I went to the 9:30AM tour, and it was burning hot already in late July. There aren't too many areas of shade to be protected from the scorching sun, so bring a hat, water, and don't forget your sun block unless you want silly tan lines. I believe they also have an evening tour for those who like twilight hours better =)
Keep on Walking! Everything is Better! Bad Food Bad Attitudes Bad Service just extend your game of Dodge the Hookers & Beggars and find Any Place else !
Don't use the quick check in all it did was confuse the front staff. Triage RN He was on point and so were those in the back I've never been SO IN PAIN!! they all from the ER MD to the transport person made sure I was comfy even if I was sitting in a hallway for 6 hours with extreme kidney stones.
The best authentic Mexican food in town! Hands down! The micheladas are thirst quenching also! I usually order mine with Tecate beer. The food always tastes fresh every time I've came!
Really great place to get a tux rental! Staff is very knowledgable and friendly! Don't forget to use the Yelp check in offer as well. They also will pick up your rental at any major hotel you are staying in which makes it all the more convenient. The size you up at the store and let you get fitted so when you Receive your tuxedo you know that it will fit great and make you feel like a million bucks.
Thank you. Lyne for the GREAT service!! Very helpful, got our group all set up and looking sharp!
Dr Simpson is great!! My family has used his services for many years. Many of my friends use him as well. His new office is very nice and not only closer to my house but it's next door to Bachi Burger!!!
Always get service with a smile! And very fast too....whether I'm getting a big order or just my morning coffee
Always get my order done quick. I lovethe iced green tea and the caramel frap, my son loves the birthday cake pop. The staff is so nice too.
This is one of the local restaurants that has good food.  I ordered the beef salad & crab fried rice.  Thai iced tea and chicken dinner, and angel wings for the four of us. The restaurant is very run down and if you look past it's cosmetic flaws the food keeps people like myself keep coming back.  I've been going to this place for almost 10 years.
Amazing food, great customer service, very friendly workers, again GREAT FOOD!!! Great BBQ live their sauce, huge variety to choose from. Can't remember the name of the food I had, but I remember it was L3
Great place to get Thai food To Go...  Take it back to your room on the strip...  Tom Yum Koong is great!!!Stewart James
Thanks guys for the great work and customer service as always :). They're mechanics are very knowledgable and the front desk is friendly and very helpful. I came in through a referral because I was tired of dealing with the dealerships and their high prices. This shop has all the benefits of the dealerships but with more experience and precision repair and at a very fair and affordable cost.
If your dog doesn't like the vet and will not go in while it's on a leash... Don't let the dr take him or her in as he will drag the animal into the room... If you have a puppy or dog or animal that needs shots or whatever .. He will shove the dewormer down the animals throat .. It's very sad but there's no office fees on Tuesday so that's the best time to get it done . There is a great groomer inside directly to your right when you walk in... Very cheap for nail trims... For small dog it is 5$ unless you want dremmling  at the end then it's an extra $3For medium it's 8 and large it's 10$. Pretty decent prices though.
Omg!! Pad see ew with deep fried pork belly(moo grob)....a must orderNot on the menu but ask for it5 stars!! everything else is ok
Great food! But go early in the day they get really busy. Their menu is packed with a variety of different foods and they offer great service I have a sesame chicken rice and it was bomb with a really good portion size I will definitely be back again.
Had this today at work for the first time. So tasty! Beef enchiladas! Yum :) the delivery was cheap and quick. What a great find!
The service and drinks and food is truly amazing.the fish and chips, and nachos are a mountain of goodness. There happy hour we just enjoyed and will be back soon, the chips with gravy are truly amazing. We will back very soon!
Service average. Fish and chips above average. Beer seletion very nice. Menu overall very tasty
What you expect from an Irish pub.  Decent food, drink specials are good, they have cider on tap.  If you like these kind of places this will be just fine.
It's what Olive Garden dreams to be. Long paragraphs are overrated please. Is this long enough
went to order. no pepperoni?!?! what? What sort of pizza joint dies t have pepperonis?
Sandy the best !! Really knows her stuff very good personality to boot. She just really makes you feel like she cares about her customer and really help me with a couple tips about the local area
Close by cheap decent food quick fix for under 7 dollars.  The menu is the same all week but the quality is good and its the usual fan favorite Chinese dishes.
I absolutely love this place!! Great food, fast delivery, very friendly people!!I order from here at least twice a month for the last 3 years, and have been happy 100% ... Sooooo yummy. Now I want to order from them right now!!
Friendly staff and convenient location.  Nice selection.  I haven't been in yet that they were out of my main stay supplies.  This location is close to work, so I frequent it often!I love that you can bring your pet.  Our dogs love going in and picking out their own treats!The lay out of this store is like most others. Easy to identify sections from the front.  The staff ask frequently if you need assistance.  Don't forget the homeless pet donation option at check-out!!!  Donate whatever you can!  It goes to a great cause!
Great place for music, drinks and mariscos very friendly. Friends and I stop by for dinner on our vacation to vegas we had verity of food.  Coctel de camaron, agua chile, ostiones, camarones al mojo de ajo, margaritas, vampiros everything was as expected good great taste drinks on point, deftly will eat at this please on my next vacation to sin city.
Love the atmosphere! The waters are so upbeat and fun and the food is really good! They also have a great view of all the pretty lights from the strip. Careful though they really like to up sell.
Yes! Yes! Yes! Si! Si! Si! I put hot sauce on my burrito babay!!! Make sure you try the fresh made guacamole! Can't go wrong with anything you try but if your unsure. Ask your friendly server and they will certainly lead you to a tasty choice!
Food was delicious Margaritas are very good!!!Love the beans and salsa with chips. Shrimp chili rellenos were awesome. Camarones al coñac were fantastic Will return next time I'm in town.
Great place to eat! Excellent authentic Mexican food  sope, enchiladas, taquitos, burritos & carnitas michoacan
Food is great and service is fast!!Awesome guacamole made to order tableside!!! Chips with salsa and beans are complimentary!!!
Bannerview is crooked. Please spare yourself the anguish.  They are charging for services not rendered. They will hold your do main hostage. Go to go daddy they are way less
The best pizza in town and the best NY people I've ever met reminds me of home try the buffalo chicken pizza it's bomb
Great food, great service, affordable! If you think you have found the best pizza or Italian in Vegas you haven't been to this place!
Billy is an awesome bartender and food is always outstanding! Couldn't lose on the machines either which makes for a great evening.
I got the prime rib special. It was very good for the price. Can't complaint. The seafood bisque soup is thick as a mashed potato. If you like medium rare order rare. They tend to over cook.
Yum dim sum ...when it's not busy all is 5 star! Yum yum dim sumTry it on a Sat 130pm ...worked for me A+
BEST DIM SUM!! New spot to eat and at a great price!! Need to come here between 10am-3pm if you want dim sum tho, wish they served it the whole day. I will be back for sure.
This place is the real deal authentic Thai food. Friendly service and great food. The classic Black Jack noodles and Pad Thai dishes really stand out. Paired with fresh young coconut really sealed the deal.
This place is the one of the best pizza places I've ever eaten at, simply delish lol need to go back soon. I definitely would recommend this place, you won't be disappointed
Amazing!!!! Good price good pizza good kalzone. I go there everytime and enjoy good service, free bread to start with and more... I recomend on the Alfredo souce with the pizza
Sit outside. Lovely misters and put put golf for the kids.This place deserves more of a review then I can write at the moment, but I will say this, came here with my daughter, she is 20, and had a great dinner.We shared a pasta dish and salad which were both excellent.The ambience inside was warm and nicely decorated. Truly an experience I will remember for a long time.It is not often she and I eat out like this by ourselves, so what a wonderful place for this.The wine list is huge and offers everything from California wines to fine french and Italian wines.Dinner for two with two glasses of wine and sparkling water, $100 bucs.Stay away from the strip and go here!
Epic atmosphere and quality service. Amanda was by far the best server we have had in Las Vegas. We came in for Valentines Day and truly had a wonderful experience.  Amanda made our night and will be going back for future visits in Las Vegas
We enjoyed Ferraro's immensely while in Las Vegas. Great atmosphere, wonderful food, and exquisite service! A little on the high side but couldn't find fault with anything. Top notch service!
Real Italian Best in VegasWine list excellent Waiter Eric greatSetting is old style Italian If you want to taste the whole Italian they have a tasting Menu with wine parings
Great food, great service (Eric was the best) and great atmosphere! This will defiantly become a regular place for us when we visit Las Vegas again! The pasta was beyond words! The gnocchi and the ravioli was exceptional!
Poor service they open at 10am and closed at 5pm they already know they have few branch here in Las Vegas not like Wells Fargo they have lots of branch plus they open at 9am probably time to change my wife's bank
The best italian restaurant in town. My favorite angel hair with meat sauce. Great service.
The crazy Alfredo is really bomb!! If u really like garlic the garlic bread is pretty tasty too.
Always good !  Tried the pizza for the first time - excellent!!!  The only problem was no room for all of my angel hair and vodka sauce. It is packed every evening so make a reservation or be ready to wait.
Loved it. Good pasta. Make sure to try this place, its as good as anywhere else.  The scampi was great. It was reasonably priced.
Snow White pizza with Alfredo sauce so good. You have to add the Alfredo it doesn't come that way ..
First time playing Bingo here in Vegas.  This bingo hall is nice.  Separate smoking and non-smoking sections.  The staff were really helpful too.
Wow! Nice comfy feeling here, casino, bowling alley , decent food prices: $1.50 hot dogs, noodle shop $6.99, I really like the feel, shuttle that runs to Orleans then Bally's and back. Come on now don't gamble with your stay too!Only downside, Beig a non smoker because of the low ceiling you notice the cigarette smoke more here than the other casinos.
A great place with the best people who go above and beyond to serve and assist you. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. Whether you just wish to try archery out for the first time, make it a hobby, or if it's a serious interest, or sport you're already involved in. This is the perfect place to go.
Customer service is terrible. Coming here on graveyard the lign takes for ever.  They should have more people working and managers on duty that are on the floor not hideing in there office. When a team member needs them they are looking around for a manager.
Want good diner food, but not starving?  Big Bear offers items on their "A Little Less " menuDuring lunch break some co-workers and I were looking for a place that had something to offer everyone, and Black Bear fit the bill.It's a homey atmosphere with lots of bear paraphernalia and a newspaper menu.  It's seen better days but was certainly packed at lunchtime.I went for the patty melt and while it wasn't the worst I've had it wasn't that great either.  Kinda bland. What I really like is that instead of the typical french fries or onion rings on the side, you can have a cup of soup instead.  As with the patty melt, the chicken soup was average.I have to admit I'm curious about the chicken fried steak after reading another review.  I may have to try it one of these days, but I won't go out of my way to get there.
No wait on a Saturday night.  This is always a last chance, last resort kind of place.  The food is only ever Meh at best.  Over the last couple of trips in there we have had ravioli, chicken fried steak, ribs, and a burger.  The burgers are consistently good there. Everything else is fairly lack luster.  Not bad.  Just frozen/canned.  It is close in our neighborhood and when we cant figure out anything else we go in.  I wouldn't recommend it to friends from our of town.
The service was friendly and the food was great.  I was pleasantly surprised.  More of a local spot away from the hussle.  It is about 4 miles from the strip, close to The Orleans.
Fantastic bacon cheddar burger! Very polite and responsive staff. I'll definitely be back again and again!
Love this place, always food for the money and the sweet cream pancakes are amazing, staff is great and manager is always nice to my daughter
Amazing breakfast - fresh squeezed oj! Yum!!  The food was perfection.  The staff were super nice and the service was great.  We went back the next day and they were super busy but still did a great job.
I love to go here on Monday's.  There movies are only $5 for a movie ticket.  The seats are big and comfortable.  Usually you get the peace and quietness since not a lot of people go to the movies in Vegas.  Most of them are at the bars or casino.  I love this place.
Never enough tellers here.  Glad I don't bank here! Wish my landlord didn't. Always a line always
Here referring in the 39th BCAPL National Championships. Looking forward to all the Individual players and teams coming out. Shoot well and have fun.
Never never book in this hotel there is no security they don't care about your safety at all i was sleeping in my room and someone come inside my room took my laptop bag and my passport my phone watches every thing that can be stolen and when i told the security they were trying to make it my fault and they trying to makes me thing that was my friends .. Finally if you want your safety don't stay at this hotel and if someone need proof i have the police report and the security. What if i woke up and the person saw absolutely someone will get killed .
So far not a great start ... I've been waiting for my room for hours!!! I'll update after my visit.
Great hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. And also very quiet. Stuff is friendly and helpful.
In search of cake pops. Not here. This place was so dirty. I would never buy anything from here. I went for Cake Pop's or Cupcakes. I just could not bring myself to buy the cupcakes because everytime I turned around  something was on the floor and in one spot it was soda or juice that spilled and it was dirt over it! Eekky
One star for the Serranos. They weren't even spicy. Smh. Bomb tacos tho.  CHICKEN IS ALWAYS AMAZING
Lovin the bean dip! :D This is a nice little joint to check out if you have a big appetite. Right off the bat I can tell you the proportions are large. They'll start you off with red sauce and bean dip, which I was pleased with as the red sauce had a kick to it and it was just perfect as far as texture goes. I was more than satisfied with my order of TACOS DE PESCADO (TALAPIA/Corn Tortillas) with beans and rice. Believe me, the tacos alone will fill you up. Except the rice was not so good, bland in taste. My friend had an order of green chili enchiladas. The chicken was tender, the cheese was good, blended, and melted nicely with the dish BUT the most important part of plate- Green Sauce- was no good :( I was disappointed. Normally, green sauce is sweet and spicy- but this type of green sauce seemed sour- and ruined the enchiladas. My other friend had a red chili carne stew, that's right, I said STEW. So why did his plate come out with carne, red chilli sauce on top, ON TOP of rice? Not your traditional Mexican stew, but none the less when my friend complained, the waiters and waitress were more than happy to replace his meal. I will probably give this place another try later on because supposedly their Margaritas are pretty good :b
I just love the lunch special and the staff is very nice!!! The pad thai shrimp and thai ice coffee extra milk was so delicious we will definitely come back again.
Guy was talking on his cellphone while making my smoothie. He was nice but still was not following health codes.
Island green and peanut butter cup are my hitters! Those are the two of my go to's. The wraps are pretty good too
Great service. Always friendly. Most of the time no wait at all. I love there prices. Very low for the most part.
Always a winner with us.  I believe the best Taco shop in vegas When we have that rolled taco urge or a great carne asada burrito. You  have to have Robertos
Good food and great service! I love the philly cheese steak, Hawaiin pizza and spaghetti with meatballs!
Open late, fast, friendly, cheap pizza, wings, hot sandwiches. Halal place in China town.
Gets worse every time...Good prices,but the service and food usually suck.I'm not saying the food is absolutely terrible because they've had their days, but I'd rather pay more somewhere else where I'm more sure I'll be happy with the food before I even step inside than have to pray I get them on a good day here.
Horrible just horrible! Do not waste your money. Cash up front horrible massage if you even want to call it that with her walking on your back.  Not a masseuse at all.  Just say no and don't waste your time.
Lots of variety and friendly service, the quality is real good for the price. Try the desserts.
It's a fabulous place, one of the best of Vegas.It's close to strip and good service. I ate too much pizza :)
Best pizza place in Vegas drove all the way from Los Angeles. It's cheap and hot and crispy. The owner is very friendly and very helpful.
Not a big fan of absynthe.Overall, though it was a nice meal, I felt that things could have been better.  For a top notch restaurant, the view was best part of my meal with some of the options being a 3 star rating at best.  Oh and the bar selections were poor when you weren't looking at $100+ options.
Amazing dinner!!!!  We had the chief tasting menu.  Everything was delicious.  Service was stupendous.  Make sure you give yourself plenty of time to enjoy the experience.  We needed at least 2.5 hours to get through the 7 course menu.  Don't worry it looks like extremely small portions but by the time you get through them all you will be full.
Such a great place to hang out and enjoy great sushi! They have Japanese music videos playing and a fun staff!
Was super delicious with great service. Fish was fresh and very unique. I loved it ! I recommend the Mega Box and the Spicy Rainbow Roll. Thank you all again
Great spot! Love all the menu options.  Popcorn lobster is my favorite.  The service is great and the waiters are very friendly.  The location is okay, but it is easy to get to.  This is one of the best AYE sushi spots in Las Vegas.  I hope this was helpful!
Friendly staff and great food. Awesome music is also awesome.  Must come here. I love the Japanese lasagna here. Good quality fish and sushi rice. Great for a large group of friends.
Great sushi!!! Lots of sushi to choose from. Although Wait time for sushi to arrive was long. The staff are kind of slow but friendly.
Great late night sushi spot! The Washington roll and the kiss of fire are amazing! The servers were great and the rolls are fresh and smooth.
Great sushi great prices!!Buy 1 get 1 sakeNot sure if that's a good or bad thing lol
Friendly service, awesome sushi. Definitely a great choice for sushi in Las Vegas! The sushi chefs were very nice, accommodating and had great senses of humor. A+++
Great sushi love this place , great people, super friendly, I love the ginger not to over powering, lots of selection well priced
I love this place the service is always good and the sushi fresh i highly recommended this  place to anyone that wants excellent sushi
So Good! Best Baked Scallop roll I've had in Vegas! The portions were really generous and the sushi was really fresh tasting. We chose to order a la carte but the all you can eat option is good, although the rolls available are limited. All of the eel rolls are great as well
Good sushi and very clean good ayce prices are like most sushi places. Ayce $21.95 for lunch $26.95 for dinner good variety of different rolls
Fast friendly service. Everything we had on the AYCES was amazing! Very impressed! The only down side is you can only order 2 half rolls per person.  I loved how they have lots of spicy roll options. They also have a selection of non fish rolls!
Great menu selection for all you can eat sushi! Good customer service. Recommend the green mussels and pretty much all the nigiri they have. Portions are on the smaller side, but thats great to be able to try a variety of things!
Wanted to go they are closed at 7:00 pm Wednesday night????Would like to know when they are open again
Favorite spot boyfriend and I love going to. Popcorn lobster roll is amaze. Reasonable price and you get a ton off the menu.
Good sushi in Vegas!!!!! Good service with a good price!!!!! You must try their baked lobster!!!!!
Very good food! Service was fast, the whole staff was on the ball. Great teamwork! Will come back and tell people about it
Lots of selections and pretty innovative and creative foods. The food tastes good but nothing that sets it aside from the tons of Sushi places here in Vegas. The servers here though are a bit overwhelmed and are very forgetful on what you ordered. And if I ask for a refill on my soda, please fill it up all the way!
Top notch ayce sushi. Great food. Lovely service. Well worth a visit!We had a great meal and they were really accommodating with allergies and specific foods we don't eat. Thanks and see you soon!
Busy and slightly understaffed, the the manager more than made up for it. We  celebrated a friend's birthday at Hot and Juicy Crawfish and were looking for a 'less fishy' place to sing happy bday and maybe have some good coffee. We stopped at a few places and they were either closed or full, so we ventured into Denny's to see if we could bring the cake in and have some coffee- great coffee BTW. Although clearly busy and short-staffed, the manager was very pleasant and welcomed us into the restaurant. Her smile and customer service oriented demeanor earned her and the staff 5 stars. I wish I could remember her name, but for the record she was working 11/24 at about 10pm.I normally do not review chain restaurants, as there is not much of an experience to talk about. However, I ALWAYS compliment great service and that is why I am taking the time to write in.
Worst places ever they don't know how to help you at all never going there again they don't know how to explain things to you right I had to call customer service so they could off help me out worst manager ever and employee
Always great service here!!!  Ariel and his staff are very welcoming and make you feel at home.  Fantastic selection and quick repair turnaround.  I highly recommend this location and business for your eyewear needs.
Great dive bar. Super friendly service and good food. Not overpriced. Good place to have a couple beers with some friends.
Meatball stromboli! Best in Vegas! In addition $5 Jack and Cokes need i say more. More of a bar than restaurant but seating is available
Second time here and the Stromboli is amazing. I have tried the original and the meatball and now I'm torn between the two for my third visit.
The service was ok. Food was bland. I've had several items, all were average. The huevos rancheros were a joke. More of a regular customer type of place, for people who don't want to go find good food.
It's pronounced "Tar-Shay" you simpletons! ;)Now that I have that little joke out of my system (lol), the store was surprisingly neat when I first came here. Not showing any disrespect to its location, just wasn't expecting it to be as neat and clean as it was....for its location. (I think I just contradicted myself!)The grocery section, particularly the frozen food section, needs a lot of help. Very sloppy on the times I've come in. The shelf food items were pretty neat and organized however.The rest of the store appeared to be pretty nice and so was the staff. It was your typical "Tar-Shay" environment. Quiet, calm and pleasing. I'd shop this location again when in the area.
There is nobody here...Litterally, there is never but a handful of people here not matter the time...
Great service and delicious hamburgers! Will defiantly be coming back with more friends.
My favorite spot in Vegas! I love it when they have their lobster fest  The service is good. The people are very nice! Their biscuits are amazing.
Staff was friendly although they I watched one girl commit a health code violation by putting olives back into the tray that had been fallen off someone's sandwich. Now the taste wasn't great, the avocado doesn't taste fresh. The Bacon doesn't have any taste. All in all, one of the reasons I stopped going to Subway.
Close at 3:00 on Wednesdays. WTF?  Driving there and back just took an hour out of my day. Yes, o suppose I should have.checked their hours before I left, but who closes early on a weekday?
Sign up with your email & they'll email you when they have sweet deals... I'm giving this place 3 stars due to the lack of customer service.
Come ready to exercise!  Also, there is something happening going on.. The Staff very helpful and friendly!! :)
I choose not to go to this mall because of it's boring stores. But it is cheaper and has a wide range of apartments stores.
Dirty ... Spend the extra money and book at a cleaner hotel. Even though they have housekeeping "clean" the rooms, the sheets are still not changed. So gross. It was too late for me to change locations but if I could have I would have. The only star I'm giving them is the fact that there is a lot going on in the hotel, which keeps it "interesting"
The Walmart of Las Vegas hotels. You get what you pay for. Very basic rooms. Pool is like a public pool.
Great price and kid friendly. Pool has water slides and the staff was friendly. The beds are comfortable and the view was nice too.
Fun casino with lots to do for the whole family. The arcade is one of the largest I've seen on the strip with tons of affordable games and tournament of kings is an awesome show
Filthy! Long lines with employees who don't give a damn. Avoid! Food looked Ferrell old and disgusting. I would recommend you go to any store on the strip other than this one
4 days at the ASD show!  Lots of walking - make sure to wear comfortable shoes - but so great for exercise - averaged about 4000 steps a day!  Lots of different meeting spaces, and plenty of exhibit halls for all kinds of conventions and trade shows.  Friendly staff!
They could use an extensive upgrade. Seems strange since there are so many conventions here.
Steak Fritas are awesome. Service was a bit slow but that was due to the waitress getting double sat. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was open and comfortable.
Always has great beer. The Vegas spot is a little sparse on the clientele in the evening, so don't expect to ignite your night here, but it is a great alternative to the Hofbrauhaus. Three stars, but solely on atmosphere - Vegas is all about the people you meet. Food not rated.
2 for 1 Whole Pizzas on Sundays and 2 for 1 Slices or Whole Pizzas on Thursdays. This location only. No player card needed. Open everyday from 11 am to 12 midnight!Located inside the Ellis Island Casino off of Flamingo and Paradise, this find of a gem is a must especially on those days! For those that are not familiar with Metro Pizza, these guys are consistently in the top 5 of the Best of Las Vegas. For you first timers I suggest the Gotham, which has a little bit of everything. If not that, then the Honululu, which has ham, pineapple, green onions, and bacon bits!They not only have pizza, but their Garlic Romano Fries will definitely keep the vampires away from you! Or that one obnoxious person you don't wanna talk to! They have other locations as well but why would you not go here on those two days listed? You not only save money, but you get 2 awesome pizzas guaranteed!The only downfall I think is that on those particular days, they are very busy. They do have booths with tables but they are usually taken. My suggestion would be to call for pick up. When you get there, if there are tables available, by all means, grab them! If not, then you can always go somewhere else to eat.Lastly, don't forget to get an Ellis Island player's card because you just might score a free slice!
The Best Pizza In Town! The best tasting pizza I've ever had and they have great deals!
Good pizza best pizza in town, deliver is good and the staff the best guys love I'll definitely come back
Yes, yes, yes.......a must see!!!!!  There are certain things you have to do when visiting Las Vegas and the wax museum is definitely one!!!  I had a great time there!!!
Good food but $$$$$- $14 for soup sets the tone on prices and their garbage Caesar was heavy on dressing and rather small foe price- expect small serving s and BIG prices
Amazing simply amazing.  We enjoyed one of the best Italian Dinners ever here.  Service awesome Food was amazing
190 Octane!!  That's all I need to say!!!! Don't forget to dump out the special liquid in the test tube before consuming. Then the real fun starts!!
Great prices great drinks and the dollar shots are a great deal! Could get a bit busy at times but overall it's great.
Excellent food for an excellent price. First trip and first Yelp, but highly impressed. Drinks are priced to recupe for the food, but definitely give it a shot.  If you see an open seat, you're lucky - take it. Four stars for great food but slightly overpriced drinks off of the strip.
Good value and location.  Got comped with a "petite suite" and have to tell you that it's nowhere near what they showed in the pictures.  The description also shows "strip view".... it's not really what you would call a view.  Maybe I got a chance to see another casino, the Venetian but that's about it.Couldn't give it 4 stars because of those pesky resort fees.  What a rip-off.
Fresh chocolate dipped strawberries & delicious dark chocolate truffles :)Definitely a great location indoors of the Venetian located at the front of the Gondola ride.
Ready to eat the crab salad to start. Then the beet salad then wine.I have never had a bad meal here!!ALWAYS ALWAYS top notch and very delicious and satisfying!!!!!And they will accommodate your food needs.Service is always excellent! Extremely attentive, they don't miss a thing, very into details...... I love that!!!Love the bread here and the dipping sauces.The sea bass fish is absolutely wonderful!!!Their signature lamb chop is divine!!!The spaghettini is a must......... I can't stop, this is making me hungry!!!It is SO worth your time and your tummy and taste buds will thank you!!Absolutely a foodgasma and a stop for me every time I am in Vegas, which is 5 times a year!
Spago never disappoints. I come here every time I go to Vegas.  Whether you want one of the wonderful flatbread pizzas  or a full meal, it is very good.  It came through again this trip.  Probably the best meal we had which didn't break the bank.I had the Margherita Flatbread pizza which was excellent and my husband had the turkey sandwich which was excellent.  We always sit on the patio and watch the people go by.I was very impressed to learn the Wolfgang Puck does check out the restaurant at least once a week if not more to make sure it is living up to its standards.  You don't hear that a lot in Vegas.I shall return the next time I go to Vegas.  So, refreshing to go to a place, get good food and not have to get a second job to pay for it!
Yummy place!!!! Good food great atmosphere  love it here!!!! Started off with the seafood platter which had lobster shrimp oysters a crab salad it was delicious I had the duck so tasty and juicy
Great gucci store, awesome staff, especially Michelle, everyone should ask for her. They take time with you to find what you're looking for.
I love their eyeliner the best, I don't wear much make up as is ... When I do wear it I always buy mac eyeliner
Loved their creme brule gelato. A single scoop costed $6.25. There is outdoor seating around it. Also we were lucky to see the streetmosphere performance. Lovely instrumental music.
Fancy, expensive but nothing great! But the view inside the Venetian is spectacular. We tried their lemon flavor which was sweetened frozen water.
Pork Belly Tacos; Cheat Day! Great Margaritas.
Date night with my cute cute!!! Love the location, but the food good not great. The queso dip was really yummy and the trio of ceviches was good in theory but one of the 3 tasted funny and left me feeling under the weather :( I had a sub par salad as my main course and my husband had some sort of burrito with some very good rice and beans. Probably won't go back next time I'm in Vegas.
Rumor has it the flautas are amazeballs. Let's see...The above comment was my check in at Los Antojos.The excitement ended with that sentence. It wasn't good at all. A Flauta, at least where I come from, is pretty simple. Take everything that a taquito and/or rolled taco is and instead of using a corn tortilla use a flour tortilla. Los Antojos uses Corn tortillas making these not flautas, but rolled tacos. They were pretty good, but not at all what I was expecting. I also wasn't crazy about the take out presentation. Instead of topping off the fake flautas with sour cream and lettuce they were all packaged seperately. I apprecate the consideration of soggy fake flautas, but one thing I love is the pre-made orchaestration of my rolled tacos and/or flautas. I accept the fact that the middle one may be a 3-napkiner, that's okay. Don't make me construct my own lunch though. Given the reviews I was disappointed, but I only tried one thing on the menu. Not sure I will be back to try another. I will say the place was packed for lunch and several people were eating soup, so maybe I should go a different route if there is a next time.
Every experience here has been amazing. Shawn has been especially helpful. He is very knowledgable and I am grateful for his willingness to assist me in my purchase. I highly recommend this store/range.
Great store.  Great people.  Great prices.  Great shooting range.  Just the best!  I highly recommend shooting one of their automatic weapons in their indoor range!
Great staff! Thanks Mr. Bentley! Come check them out. Practically got a hook up with all the percentages discounted.
Best wig store ever. Nice prices. Very nice owners. Nice quality wigs. The owners really help you. They know what will look good on you and what won't. They've picked out my favorite wigs before I even tried them on.
Go to Danny, he was the most helpful! The best service I've had at an apple, was willing to take his time and explain my new purchase The Jawbone UP 24.  Helped me load the app on my iphone and explain everything.  Don't forget that you get a student discount!!! I took advantage of this :)
Where little kids are in Vegas...I really don't think Vegas is a place to take kids. I would normally avoid this place because when I go to Vegas but I went with a friend who is a kid at heart. Even though I won the most HUMONGOUS pillow pet known to man at the ring toss - I still give this venue only 3 stars.Even if I were to take my kids to Vegas, I don't think I would go here. Just my opinion, folks, which is what Yelp is all about. The venue is creepy, the entertainers and staff obviously at the end of their careers, and the carpet has not been changed/cleaned in maybe a decade.I was in the casino area only and did not stay in any of the rooms. Please take this in consideration when reading this review.I guess if you're on a budget and are the type of person that MUST get to Vegas at all costs, and with your kids, this would be the place for you. I'm just not there.
Avoid this place for everything other than the steakhouse.Yes, it's a good deal for the price, but it stinks, it's dirty, it's on the end of the strip, and it stinks.  It really, really stinks--like smoke and ammonia and rotting food.
It's as if Jerry Springer decided to open a casino in Vegas and hired all his guests as employees.If you enjoy white trash AMURRICA by all means stay here. If you enjoy tons of screaming kids in a casino by all means gamble here.If you enjoy being up on the seedy part of The Strip by all means stay here.If you enjoy cheesy-bad circus acts and evil clowns by all means drop in here.If you like filth then by all means come here but make sure you have your shots.I walked around for a bit and quickly left feeling the need to shower with scalding hot water. This place even has a parking area specifically for RV's. Nuff said!
Never again. Disappointed. If you plan on going with children please be aware that the place is a heavy hot box. Rooms were decent.
Circus Circus still a great hotel to visit while in Vegas, the circus acts are fun. Excellent
Came here for Adventuredome and Midway Circus. Both events are ideal fun for the whole family. The prices for the rides at Adventuredone and the arcade games at Midway are very reasonable. Midway is awesome! The best part is it's FREE! Different acts every 30 to 45 minutes! While Adventuredome has a 10 minutes clown act every hour. You don't have to be a guest at this hotel to enjoy the fun.
I got a room in the Manor building. It's a very filthy smelly old building. The price for the room is $160 per night, but honestly, Motel 6 is much better.
Friendly staff, free soap, close to strip :)Signed into yelp to get ten minutes on the dryer but the place is so nice I thought I'll write a review anyways
Clean and very friendly staff. Super fast FREE wifi. Drove an extra 2 miles just based on reviews and worth the drive. Would definitely come back here when I'm in Vegas again! TV was a bonus for the kids too!
Very friendly. Free soap. Cheap. Clean. Recommend!I took the taxi from the flamingo and had to wash about 8 pounds of clothes. Wash was 2$ and drying is 25 cents per 10 minutes.  Including the taxi back and forth (10$ for each trip incl. Tip) I paid 23$ for clean clothes (full suitcase). There's a seven eleven on the corner for drinks. Or a mcd for food.
The best cheapest way to get around. To all hotels on strip if u here for multi days get 2 or 3 day pass
After a long night (doesn't every Vegas night feel long?!) and an impending cold, I really needed some comfort food. And that usually means something soupy. Although I knew the emptiness of the restaurant implied not-so-great food, I wanted quiet time and dedicated service. I ordered a bowl of wonton soup and unable to resist the happy hour special (50% off sushi 2-5pm on weekends), some tuna and salmon nigiri sushi. The soup was pretty hearty, with some bok choy and a couple of slices of pork. The pork wontons were good and salty. Just what I needed! The sushi, on the other hand, was just okay. Although the portions were good, the fish was obviously not as fresh as I would have hoped. But maybe this is what I get for ordering happy hour sushi?
Ordered calamari.  It was like chewing a rubber bands.  Canceled order and left.   Won't b back again.....
Good food and good service. We came for lunch and the specials were really good. Calamari is very tasty
no wifi, that is terrible! The room is just as any other normal room as you can think.
All I can say is Roaches Roaches Roaches I will never stay here . We checked in and left room . They wouldn't give us a refund
Sehr lecker und nicht zu teuer. Die Tische im Aussenbereich sind etwas wackelig und schlecht ausgeleuchtet. Dennoch: Sehr empfehlenswert!
Allways great service and great food absolutely no complaints very inexpensive well worth it!
To  sunrise Breast Center.... Good job!!! Good customer service. I appreciate what you did
Great staff... Im very great full for everyone taking care of my loved ones surgery so far everyone has been sweet and understanding. This facility is pretty clean however the parking not so cool.
Ummmm.....well..........uh..........hmmmmm. Frozen tasting meatballs. Steak Caruso was closer to Chinese takeout.  Garlic bread was soggy and under cooked.  Wine was "wine like"  soup was cold.  Besides that awesome!
Love this place. Old school! Heaven! Near flamingo hotel . A traditional gem in the new undesirable club/ boom boom vegas! This is my Vegas!!thank u Battista's for existing!! Decor is unbelievable!!
Awesome in every way!!! Great authentic Italian food. Great service. And awesome atmosphere. 5 stars all the way!!!
Amazing! Best Italian food ever. Great service and ambiance too. I highly recommend everyone try it when they come to Vegas. It has been my family's tradition for years.
Love the clothing here!! Service is phenomenal. The attention to detail second to none. The staff is very tentative and work quickly. The store looks great inside. The staff members are all friendly. You can feel the positive energy when you walk in!
One scoop of Jimmy Fallon's Late Night Snack, please! Ben & Jerry's employee: Okay, one scoop coming up, $6.32, please.Are you kidding me? One scoop for over $6 dollars?! I could've bought an ice cream flavor OFF of Rite Aid with that much money. I know, fair trade ingredients, I understand, REAL ingredients, but why must the consumer eat ALL of those costs? Troubled economy means expensive ice cream scoops, I suppose.Anyhow, what lured me in was Jimmy Fallon's new (and only) ice cream flavor and it was super rad and full of delicious bites.  I couldn't taste the vanilla bean ice cream because the chocolate covered potato chips overpowered any other flavor the ice cream offered.  No complaints though, potato chips in ice cream was a brilliant idea (Gimme a high five if you've already been putting 'em in everything else)!Location is perfect, in Miracle Mile, tucked right next to the entrance of PH Towers, perfect for an on-the-way-back-from-eating-a-huge-buffet treat if you're staying at the towers.But the prices, oy vey. I'm sure the pints they sell are cheaper.
This place is famous for a reason. Great food and friendly chefs. We went on a Saturday night without a reservation and only had to wait  about ten minutes for a table. Of course the saki is always tasty!
The food here is AMAZING. By far my favorite meal in a long time. I had the ricotta gnocchis and they were some of the best I've ever had in a restaurant. The setting is really nice, we sat "outside" in the square. Great service too!
I love it cheap drinks great vibe ... You can't get better than that.. The bar is packed but if you don't yell at the bartenders then they treat you right ... Ashley, Armondo, and Mama San are my favorites
I feel like a princessDear Mr Wynn,When I first stepped into your hotel, my mouth dropped with ease. It was like fantasy with flowers, casinos, clubs, and I couldn't be more happy. I expected to check in at 3pm and have to wait 6 hours cause my flights landed around 9am, but you were so kind as to let me have a room right then and there. You workers stopped what they were doing to just give me a greet, but really if they are cleaning the floors don't work them so hard please? Deluxe room you say? Deluxe room NOT, but twice the size of my apt room in Davis and that is saying much! A couch with a table and bed to my liking. A TV that moves and one when I am bathing. 2 sinks are you kidding me!? how dirty do you think I must be? Yet, I like the shower and bath separate so I can pick as a please.Your red card has brought me wonders and glory. The craps table you provided and dealers that stay, have shown me a new way of making my pay.  They kindness that they have shown to teach me what I have yet to know, lead me to making 4x that of my own dough. Don't worry i was kind and tipped to return the favor and trust me ill be back so don't change too much of the table. The Night life is fantastic as I love all of your clubs. From XS, Tryst, Surrender, Encore Beach Club, I feel like I'm in paradise! Of course I can't forget the most important thing, that makes all of people in YELP happy! Your BUFFET is gourmet all throughout the day, that is why I can't stay away! your loyal costumer,kluoPS I will be returning soon!!
Impressive hotel room, service and location. Thoroughly accommodating with early check in. Hands down, most comfortable hotel bed EVER!Reason behind the missing star-They'll bring up an entire unlimited supply of safety pins and band aids but charge $5 for plastic utensils? I'm puzzled.
The best pool I've ever seen!This place is simply luxury personified!  The rooms are specatular.  Beauty abounds!
Make sur you soak everything up. Quite a place to discover...The Service was just over the top and beats everything else we experienced in Vegas. A great place, not that anonymus like the crowded new In-Spots at the City-Center.We stayed for 2 nights and everything was just amazing. We booked short-term and expected to get billed with WiFi, Parking, Resort-fees and so on. But on the check-out, our bill was clean as a white paper could be...We felt like very-welcomed guests. Absolutely recommended!
Not nearly as smokey as many other casinos, and all the restaurants have vegan and vegetarian options, which is rare on the strip.  Overall, great decor inside.  We didn't stay here, so can't give room feedback.
Winter in wonderland. Everything is so beautiful. Love all the decorations and colors. With thousands of ornaments and dozens of fully decorated trees, there truly is no place for Christmas like Vegas.
5 stars all the way!  Best hotel in Vegas no doubt!  Food, service,  cleanliness,  gaming, pool, all top notch.
Hoo hoo. Turkey Burgers and Guitars!Place is great for grub and for looking and cool music things on the wall.My turkey burger was not the best, but it hit the spot!Try Pink Taco's inside the casino. You will have more fun and see more bikinis!
Dessert aye llegue. Este lugar supe que lo disfrutaría me encAnta todo la mesera una chica bastante amable y las bebidas súper grandes
Awesome food !!! Highly recommended it was my first time there, and I am an extremely picky person; it was excellent ! Will bring my friends when they are in town and have them experience the awesome foods!
I love the BBQ deal here! 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 chicken for $9! Go early and expect an hour wait. It's worth it. The ribs are cooked to perfection, and the sauce is excellent. They have a master griller of sorts out back who cooks everything on a giant long grill to the delight of the outdoor customers. (Beer is $1.50; I didn't drink this time).Also, don't get stuck playing blackjack...especially if you're a terrible gambler like me. That $9 meal will turn into $35 quicker than you can say 'hit me'.
I'm doing this... And I will revel in its failure.. lol.. I am referring to the late night Karaoke situation at Ellis Island Brewery. There are few things that are as much fun when you are having a drink with friends.. as karaoke both good and bad!Every so often I get a hankering' to head on down and have a go at the mic. As an added b onus.. Ellis Island has root beer that they brew themselves..and why am I so excited about that you wonder? ...1 (hyphenated) word.. "JAGER-Roo" It's (2) shot(s) Jagermeister in a tall glass of fresh brewed root beer. It will make you a believer. I love Italian, German and many other herbal liquors .. but Jagermeister was my first. Therefore, it will always be my baby ;')if you are even remotely interested in how delicious this could be dancing around your palate with hints of sweetness, herbs and sassafras.. .. I say go for it. Also, maybe stop in for some Karaoke. Have Fun!
Expect a dive, and that is what you get...But the Prime Rib was worth it.
What a deal! $8.99 for steak (medium rare - was juicy!), green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes, fries or baked potatoes! This is not on the menu but you need to print the meal promotion from your rewards account for the casino.Not exactly your 5 stars establishment but the food will definitely bring me back for my next visit to Vegas!
The location has changed to right next to the sports book which looks like a fast food joint. The food is amazing but you can't split plate otherwise they will charge you $5. I think that's just ridiculous.
Love the country fried steak and eggs.  The service is very good. What I like best about the restaurant is the quality of the food and the price of the meal.  The price you pay for the meal is very good and the quality is very high.  I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed.  They are located east of the strip and behind Bally's on Koval st.  One of my favorite stops to eat when I come to Las Vegas.
$5.99 steak and eggs from 11pm-11am!We came here on a Friday night, a group of 6, for some steak and eggs. I found this place on yelp and it had really high reviews so I had to come and try it for myself! We came here a little after 11pm, just in time when they start serving steak and eggs. We walked up to the restaurant and saw a lot of empty tables so we thought that it was a pretty slow night. However, when we went up to the host, she said rudely that the wait was about 30 minutes with another party of 6 ahead of us. We were all confused to why we have to wait so long because there was so many open tables. I thought maybe not enough servers? But still, 30 mins??So we waited and our pager finally buzzed. I was so happy and excited! As I followed the same host to our table, I said "the wait is actually not that bad!" but she pretended that I didn't exist and ignored me -__-. So I ordered the $5.99 steak and eggs, medium well. We didn't wait too long until we got our food and the first bite of the steak was delicious! I was so excited to get to the center where its the most juiciest! However, they over cooked my steak to the point it was so dry and it was so hard to eat, like a well done x2 steak T_T. I couldn't even enjoy it nor finish it so I gave the rest to my boyfriend since he wanted it. The steak was so overcooked that the next morning my boyfriend woke up with his jaw sore from chewing the steak LOL!! I laughed so hard that morning hahaha. My friends ordered medium rare and it came out looking like medium. So yeah, my experience wasn't that great however the potatoes and the egg was good and our server was amazing! He was so nice and friendly to us unlike the host. I'm willing to give this place another try but make sure I order medium rare.
Great food at great prices!!! I'm glad we found this place,  what a gem! The special steak dinner was delicious,  then we came here again for breakfast and had the steak and eggs for $9.99.
The meat taste awesome!!! It's not as fancy but great place to eat!! I would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends
Great ribs, great beer, decent slots. We haven't stayed there but every time were in town we get the ribs and a beer. Not overpriced and very messy but delicious.
Great old style Vegas breakfast special for $5.  Simply awesome! The eggs were cooked as ordered, steak was trimmed perfectly.
Absolutely the best breakfast deal in town. Steak and egg breakfast for $10 is a flashback to the Vegas of old.
My favorite place in Vegas for Prime ribs!!!!!  Just as good as Lawrys Prime rib with 1/4 of the price!!!
Good value breakfast! Great service.Worth the short walk off the strip. Breakfast for under $20 in Vegas is hard to do.
Rrally awesome food. Malai paneer was excellent and butter naan was too good. Even lassi was great too.
Food tastes great, even better customer service and great atmosphere. They also have buffet and its great value for the price.
Outstanding food! Excellent service!  I'm glad we found this place.  I've been to many Indian restaurants. The owner personally came out to greet us and check on our experience.
Tasty food and good ambience and welcoming host.Liked the veggie pakoras and baingan bharta
Worst food in U.S. Stay away from here. Expensive buffet. All the curries had no spices and the food was cold.
Never again!This place is horrible!Dirty,outdated,the rooms are horrible,homeless people hang out by the pool deck asking for drinks!I actually think is very expensive for what i got.
Well there is a reason they are closing this weekend. Nice but straight up 1980. It will be exciting to see what they build in its place rip
Best club I've been to atmosphere and girls I went on a random Friday night ..girls where nice and friendly good variety of women slim thick bbw everything and they where fun and personable
Check out the shuffleboard, pool table, and poker table near the bar (past the lobby). It's pretty neat! I didn't explore much or spend enough time to make a solid assessment of the joint, so I'm giving it three stars until I can say I actually love it. It did make a good first impression because I wasn't expecting it to be so nice for the area it is located. It's definitely worth while if you desire a low key scene and a great restaurant.
I went to Vegas hell-bent on trying different burger places.  I got to the strip at about 2am and FatBurger was right there so I had to try it.  I had found memories of it from 8-years ago so I had to go and re-live it again.First Impressions:I have to say the Late night service kind blows. Took 15 mins to get my order. Food came out in about 5 though. I guess this is how I remembered it.  The cashier took a long time doodling with the register, guest who had already been helped were coming back and trying to add things on or make changes.  It was a cluster F.It took me 20 mins to get 2-small burger meals with drinks.  That irritated me but I was hungry.On Second Look:In my humble opinion, a good burger isn't defined by its gimmick or cult following - but rather it's patty.  This burger's patty was delicious and it complimented the rest of the crap on there.  The mayo and juices were flowing and got me to forget about the sub-par service I got while waiting for it.  I think it's whack that you have to pay extra for cheese, but hey this is America.  The burger is better than the service.  Go there if you're hungry and want to grub out, but don't plan a trip around it.  They also have an outside bar now which is kind of lame.
Great late night food and great bar to keep on partying, fries are good.  Can't beat being right off the strip especially when everything else is closed.
Ordered a burger 3 times and they still didn't get it right. UghI have to go somewhere else.
Never waited so long for a drink...and there's nobody here!'.................................................................
Free samples by the dispensers!!!Cool spot to take the kids, get outta the heat, and watch a free 3D movie.
M&m s all time favorite what's not to like !!!! Always loved how this chocolate taste and it's hard to go wrong on m&m ...also the new flavors are really awesome and creative!!
Lots of nice stuff for the enthusiasts. I'm not personally and per $1/2lbs. A lot pricier than I first thought, but I bought 2.5lbs,ughhh..:(M&Ms dark chocolate, almond, peanut butter, pretzel, crisp & mint) & yumm :P
$3 craps tables and $5 blackjack switch tables. $5 Single deck blackjack. Michelob Ultra and margaritas for $1.If you're not trying to gamble with big money and just want to play for fun this is the place. Located right between Harrah's and Venetian's, it feels like Downtown Vegas without traveling far down the strip. Comes along with that smokey, not-well-ventilated feel though.
Parking is hard to find. They are doing some construction. Call for directions.This is right next to Harrah's and it's pretty smoky. Overall the room was clean, like most BWs but the room I got was very small. I guess the price was ok for being on the strip and all but I wouldn't stay here again. The restaurant downstairs is the Outback and it was pretty terrible, the McDonalds next door was dirty and really horrible. I stayed at the Aria the night after and had a much better time. I think next time I'll cough up the money and go to the Cosmo.
Great service.. servers are awsome..Cassie, is cool...and friendly. The Thai shrimp salad was off the hook.. Coffee maaaan fresh brewed baby.. well it tasted great.. be back guys thanks..
Preliminary reviews...very nice atmosphere! The food was good as well. After wasing your hands in their rose water once you're going to want to do it on a regular basis and take a bath in it. The food portions were small but you will leave there stuffed. Stay away on Friday eveninings after 7 to avoid the crowds at Fireflys next door.
Take a break from the hotels and chains!   This is a great experience!   Great food, cool belly dancing and relaxed atmosphere!   So glad we tried it!Be prepared to spend a few hours there -- and to eat A LOT of food.
Simply the best! The shrimp was to die for and the dessert was awesome! Best Mediterranean food in Vegas!
The stylist was excellent and the price for a bridal updo was comparable. I would definitely go back again if I need my hair styled.
Good food. Slow service.  I will come back. Not a bad cheat meal. Just to clarify the only thing that was slow was when we first got there. After he took our order it was very fast.
Great BBQ and service. Cool collection of Harleys as well.  Happy hour is nice and long. This is my 2nd visit this week.
Great food and Jordan the server rocks. Reasonably priced breakfast buffet with tons of choices. Will definitely come back.
I tried three different dishes and couldn't finish any of them. You can find much better food at panda express. Pathetic.
SUPER shitty. Seriously. Don't  waste your money. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. Cannot believe they wouldn't give my husband a refund. Total BS.
The worst. Good luck. Seriously... The worst ever. Worst of Vegas. Threw up in my mouth. PS the worst. PSS the absolute worst. If you have horrible taste in music, then this is for you.
My review is based on the bar at Gallagher's.Fernando is the best bartender ever. He's also from my hometown. :)Last visit here was a couple weeks ago. I always ask him to surprise me with a drink. I am always pleased with what he creates! We also ate a few appetizers. The mac n' cheese is to die for!! We also had bruschetta and a bowl of clam chowder! Mmm.
This was the best meal, as well as best steak I've ever had. Get the dry aged steak and get it rare. Exquisite.The seasoned fries, which I assumed would be tasty, blew my freaking mind, and everyone elses as well after I made them try them. We had a bunch of appetizers as well, and all were delicious. The cocktails were delightful, and the wine that our server (Bryan) paired with my steak complemented it wonderfully. I really have never felt this compelled to write such a glowing review but this meal was as close to a religious experience as I've ever had. Seriously, mind blowing.
Awesome food and the portions are big.very good service go see SAM the waiter... And the steak just melts in your mouth.. And you gotta try there crab cakes its a must  definitely will be back..
Yet another place for tourist slop.Awful food. Awful service. Not much more to be said.I could melt Velveeta and dump some chili powder in it, but I wouldn't call it chili con queso. The enchiladas were a wet mess of shredded chicken and zero flavor. The salsa was equally bad. I couldn't complain, as our waiter never returned to ask. We had to hunt him down to even place an order in the first place. Maybe he was wrapped up with the one other table having lunch.
Nice place, really good food and the sangria ugh.... the best!!!!!!!! The queso fundido in the beginning was a nice touch, really like everything but I expect more!
We ordered 2 pretzel dogs and they were delicious!  I normally add photos but after the first bite I couldn't stop eating it!  So sorry no picture today lol. I might have to go back tomorrow just so I can get a pic
Avoid room 115, it is inches from the lobby and between the entrance and the elevators...The lobby is fine. I've never been awake for the breakfast so can't comment on that. On more than one occasion I've been given a room key that doesn't work or a room that is occupied, both requiring a frustrating trip back to the front desk after a long day of work. Airport shuttle is friendly and accommodating. They also will give you a ride to Bally's or the Mall. The shuttle is their strongest point.The area around the hotel is sketchy. There are a couple of places to eat, the closest being a McDonald's. Near by there is a tapas bar and a good sub shop as well though. A fine place if you're in town very shortly or strictly for business (having a car would be a huge plus). Would not recommend if you are going to Vegas for vacation or a visit to the strip.
Nice place plus they got free breakfast. And a friendly staff. Just be careful someone car got broken into
I had the veal bocca. I really enjoyed my meal and so did the rest of my friends. I ordered the calamari for a appetizer. The batter was light and flaky. Be carful not to fill up on the bread. It was very tasty.
Great foodNice staffWaiting time is averageLocation is great aswellCleanliness is excellentMe and my family we always eat here.We had no problems.Hopefully we wont in the future.
Low budget lodging with even lower customer service. Acting manager on the dates 8/21 and 8/23 was verbally abusive to us with every encounter. From her outrageous attitude when answering simple questions to her kicking us out a full day early! We were helping scout this location for a large festival and needless to say we will be taking that business elsewhere. BBB will be contacted and there needs to be a complete staff rehire and training. We will be taking our big business elsewhere.
Great food with friendly quick service. Staff was very friendly and was not too busy.
This is was one of the worst motel experiences I had. The hotel smell and run down. I know it's motel but in Vegas, they should do better. I dot recommend staying here The front desk are clueless and not helpful.. I think the problem with the manger
Great steak and eggs breakfast!  All four members of my party love it!  I highly recommend going here when in Las Vegas. I did much better than here any of the Big expensive buffets !  And gluten-free chocolate dessert was wonderful!
Prompt and pleasant service, our Anniversary Lunch well spent! Fresh seafood..  fantastic., I trust you'll enjoy.
Great place to grab breakfast before power shooing!Had the filet mignon and eggs breakfast !Latte !
Great food. Exceptional service. Comfortable decor. I ordered the filet mignon. It was seared to perfection. The seafood sampler is a definite recommend
Best in town and very reasonable.Chae is a great server and is nice and helpful.had the ribeye steak and it was wonderful and salad was great and dessert was magnificent
Double eagle prime----OMG! This charred rare steak was among the best I've ever had. I'm not into meat or steaks or the steakhouse experience, but the BF is. So I decided to surprise him with dinner at this place which by all accounts is considered the best steakhouse in Vegas. I even ate a little before heading out knowing that it was going to be another grilled fish/chicken night because I don't eat meat. The BF was so excited that he diligently researched blogs and Yelp to find out exactly what cut and size of meat to order. He soon learned that he had to get it rare and charred on the outside. Omg, how I regret not ordering the beef. The service was spectacular. Attentive, but not annoying, friendly and warm. The house bread was fresh baked, crunchy and collapsed the moment you broke off a piece because it was so squishy and air fluffed on the inside. The drinks were stiff, the wine list was huge with an extensive and creative by-the-glass selection. But his meat was my star. I hope my mom's not reading this. It was so delicious. It was so good, I could have eaten the whole thing--all 25+ ounces. It was theperfect combo of moist yet crunchy-salty outside. My mouth is salivating as I type this. Definitely worth the price and we'll definitely be back.
I died, went to heaven and they served me a Del Frisco filet.It's either that or it's because I don't usually eat meat, this steak is comparable to that of other high end steakhouses. Don't take my word for it, you should try this place even if steak isn't your thing. Here's why. Del Frisco's chopped salad: with iceberg lettuce, shredded carrots and other leafy vegetables, a creamy ranch dressing, it is topped with crumbled blue cheese and two long strips of bacon. Yes, actual strips of bacon! This salad was the perfect size to start off your meal.Calamari: Don't expect this item to be your typical fried and slightly seasoned calamari. The calamari is breaded and fried, then mixed with a tangy hot and sweet sauce. Very unexpected. Very savory and very delicious!Crab cakes: 100% all crab meat with no unnecessary ingredients to distract you. Baked in a delicious creamy lobster sauce. Rich and fulfilling and oh so good!!!After the appetizers, I ordered items from the pre fixe menu which includes an 8 oz. filet, spinach supreme and scallops. While the scallops were too salty for my taste, the steak was an experience all in itself. At medium rare, it melted in my mouth at just the right combination and amount of seasoning. Del Frisco knows its steak as this steak deserves an applause!Finally, I got to experience one of the most important items on the menu: the banana bread pudding. After a short period of high anticipation and excitement, it arrived at our table on a rather big plate. With a scoop of ice cream and a scoop of whip cream on top, it sat a top a layer of caramel sauce. So decadent, so rightly sweet, this bread pudding can beat any competitions any day!As we walked our the door, I noticed this place looks rather mediocre on the inside. And of course, the James Bond table was a fun thing to experience. ;)
Excellent in every form. Two visits in three days. Would eat here every day if I could! Everything is cooked and prepared to perfection.
One of the best steakhouse in Las Vegas, pineapple martini is to die for! Lobster Mac n cheese
5- stars!  The best!!!We come from Texas!  It is the best food and best service!!   No doubt!  Eat here!Great service from Tatiana!!!
Try the chicken Spring roles. Yum!!!I absolutely love the pizza here. They are Wolfgang Puck's signature style; thin and very tasty. The restaurant is located in Caesers palace shopps and has a nice patio seating. You get to people watch and also enjoy a great meal. My favorite thing about it is that the prices is very reasonable for a Vegas restaurant and the quality of the food is perfecto!I have never gone at a time that is very busy (or maybe it just never gets busy) but it won't hurt to make reservations just in case
Yes it does exist! I have used this branch many times. Maybe Enrique was too drunk to see it? LolGreat location and easy access.
Very clean and well up kept hotel. .. very friendly staff and prompt with needs. .Clean pools and close to everything and away from the strip and nestled in very quite area and close to airport and the casino hard rock. .. would come here again.
Last time I was here was 4 months ago and nothing had changed! BUGS BUGS BUGS!! Of course it is empty and the whole staff is just rude to the bone. They have absolutely nothing to do, why don't they clean the place and rid of the nasty bug infestation. It's an obvious problem! You walk around and see dead insects all over! The whole "resort" (more like a motel) is filthy, unhealthy and downright dangerous! Even the Las Vegas board of health shut them down From so many demerits!
Authentic food and great service, a go to Indian getaway from the strip! Not as full for an early dinner, full menu and about 2 miles from the strip!
For me, this place is never a bad choice...AND they've always got AWESOME Bollywood vids playing.
Very good buffet lunch spread and a mango lassi worth yelping out!!This place is way off the strip and a  pitstop worth the ride for all Indian food fanatics. The mutton / chicken dishes are good and nothing beats an all you can eat buffet for under $12 !!
Excellent food. Great servive. Full flavor without over seasoning. They have a good Groupon deal. Price is a bit deep, but it is worth it.
Great food and great hospitality! Will definitely go back. I tried the buffet once and their a la carte menu another time and they were both very good.
Really bad customer service, food was also not that great. Will never go there or recommend anyone.
Great food, great price and great service. I would definitely recommend this place! We tried bunch of curries and bread basket along with few appetizers. We liked everything we ordered!
Excellent Indian Food ! Hard to find such authentic Indian food in USA ! Very Good service by Vik. Will definitely come again !
SPAM !! SPAM !! SPAMIt's waste !! Not at all worth your money and very few items in the buffet !! First of all service is very slow and they don't know how to respond to the customers politely !!They don't even provide desserts or starters or just one starter and one dessert .. !!  And guys don't believe in the reviews or rating given to it .. SPAM !! SPAM !! SPAMThey don't even the remove the plates in buffet !!
It's the worst indian food ever, Service is too bad. They have spring rolls in the buffet, these rolls are not even worth of a try  I just took a byte and left it there.Tandoori was a joke, over all food is really bad tasted like leftover's.Looks they don't care about the customers, that's how the service was. If you go there get ready to be treated as if u r a free customer.
Great service, clean, and awesome dishes! Make sure to ask for Manny as your server, very nice and funny! Have a Haywards 5000 and the goat curry!
Wonderful food! Kashmiri naan, Chicken Korma, Chicken Masala are my favorites. The service is always fast. Not enthusiastically friendly but far from rude.  They put much effort into a nice decor. You will not be disapppointed.
World's largest gentleman's club! Gorgeous women everywhere had good time.Just be careful buying drinks, they go for $18-20 a piece!!Get sloshed up beforehand and everything will be just fine
weak ass fucken dancers!!!! Girls didn't even dance on the pole, they just walked around. And $33 for the cover. KISS ME ASS!
This place has the worst bouncers ever. Rudest people I have ever met. And all of the negative reviews about this place are correct. Go to the other clubs which have better reviews for a reason.
Excellent place!! We love their Hong Kong style beef noodles and orange chicken we've been coming here for many years and recipes are still the same,  their prices are reasonable specially since they are so close to the strip and just behind the fashion show mall
The food was okay. I wouldn't really care to go back. It's just a fast food Mexican restaurant. If you are spending time in Vegas, there are so many other places you could go to.
Worn out. Smelly. Terrible room service. Casino has zero vibe. Was attending for a meeting. Breakfast consisted of strange powered eggs.
Love staying at the Westin. They always take great care of us. The breakfast buffet is outstanding and the newly renovated bar is great.  Love the "Heavenly Bed!"
YUCKMeatballs were like rocksNo MasNever had a good meal at any of their kid friendly birthday places
Food is awesome. Service is horrible. We were sitting near the bar and we had some loud guests. So we asked  the waiter if we can move to a much quieter location.. we didnt get any help, so we moved ourselfs after 15 minutes of waiting to be moved. We apparently sat in a location, where a party was going to be hosted.. did not know that until the waiters started to gossip and gave us some dirty looks. I stood up and politely told them we did not like the way they acted. All an all, i wanted it to put that all to the side because it is my wife birthday. I will recommend this place but be aware, u may receive poor quality of service.
The rainforest cafe does not have a dynamite shrimp appetizer. The coupon isn't valid. - TipSo I can't really say that I was all that impressed with the Rainforest Cafe. First off - you can't collect Mlife points from eating here. I think it has to do with the restaurant being actually part of a chain but that isn't really explained that well by their servers when asked. Face it - you are really going for the novelty of the place and not the food or drinks. The animals come "to life" every 20 minutes or so and the animatronics in there are severely outdated. There was next to no booze in my drink that I ordered so I paid extra for a semi-spiked juice. I had fish and chips where the fish batter had no flavor and the fish had been over cooked. The fries with it were just kinda sad, and a little bit cold. My boyfriend had the ravioli which was not bad but really not very high quality at all. It was maybe two notches over Chef Boyardi quality. I'm not going to go back. I don't feel like waiting in line to be seated at a place that has weak food and weenie drinks.
This location is closed. It has moved to planet Hollywood outside location next to bubba gump
Food was delicious, good variety of sushi. They also have other asian staples. They have pretty good desserts as well. Only complaint is that its pricey. It was worth to my friend & i
For a buffet, the sushi is pretty good and there's plenty! For lunch its 24.95 a person!
Great school.  Helped me find a job and they're still helping me learn new games.  Awesome teachers and amazing atmosphere.
Prime rib its their specialty and they do out right. I try to go at least twice a year, and get the Diamond Jim Brady cut. The spinner salad that they are so proud of is just ok.
Amazing dining experience!  The service was top notch,  timing was exceptional, the food was some of the best of my life.  I love a good prime rib and this didn't disappoint.   All enjoyed in art-deco splendor.
One of the best prime rib I've had. All 5 of us went there after a long day at the convention and we were all happy with our ca cut
The prime rib is outstanding. The price is high for the portion. The staff are very friendly and welcoming.
One of my favorite places to go  I eat in las VEGAS location  and in Los Angeles I always come here every time I'm around
Always need to go to Lawry's when in Las Vegas.  Best Prime Rib anywhere.  Spinning salad is great and the service is always super.  Need to experience Lawry's if you love Prime Rib.
Beautiful place. Tasty food. Worth going to for special occasions. Yes pricey, but worth it. The waitress and everybody were so nice. Helped us out on what to order since it was our first time and totally worth it.
Please DON'T GO HERE,,, prices are way too high for mediocre food & probably the worst customer service ever!!! They will ruin your night , spend your money somewhere where they will appreciate you!  I never have time to write reviews but I had to warn others about this horrible place :/I've been too many restaurants in my day ,, and I never seen staff that could care less about their customers ,,, since they are a busy restaurant they don't care if you don't like the service because they can just replace you with someone else who will take your table reservation ,,,I believe a lot of people were lured to this restaurant because their "view" but  truth is their view is not great at all , their service is insulting , the food is mediocre , and the atmosphere is nothing special. Fine dinning is priceless but when the place is actually worth it .Spent over $200 at this restaurant , and I have never been so ripped off in my life.  Seriously , spend your money at a more famous restaurant in Vegas ,, now I realize that if celebrities don't frequent a restaurant , it's obvious because the restaurant sucks ! Just how this one did :(
My wife and I spent our 10 year anniversary here. 10 years prior this is the location I chose to propose so it held great meaning to us to return 10 years later. I came by before they were open and the maître d' and manager were more than accommodating to my requests for a very special evening. I was able to have confidence in the staff to handle my wife's surprise anniversary ring with confidence. The meal was executed expertly. The one thing that I can say that had a slightly negative impact on me was the fact that I said a personal all time high for the amount of money I spent on a single meal for just two people. Spend more money on this one meal then most people spend on food for several months. The reason it doesn't lower the star rating is because I did that to myself. I figured you only have one 10 year anniversary and might as well do it big.
Duck is not very tender. The desert and appetizers are really good.especially the desert, probably one of the best I hv ever had. I don't recommend the window table coz it's only half a table...
Very good food, gorgeous view and excellent service. An elevator drops you right off in front of the kitchen.  Every seat in the restaurant has an amazing view of the strip. The bread was fresh. I ate the salmon and asparagus. The French Riesling  was really good as well.
staff was horrible, greens not in the best condition !! I won't be back ! to golfstaff was rude and rushed unnecessary
Can't beat this on a Sunday morning! This is my favorite church in Las Vegas. The staff and volunteers really show you how much they genuinely care about all that walk through the doors. If you've ever been turned off by church because you felt you would be judged or were tired of the hypocrisy, this is where you need to be. No matter where you are in your life or how your walk has been, you will feel at home here.Plus... there's a cafe and free Starbucks coffee. :)
Love coming here.. Don't get to do it enough.Wish they had more services during the week. People are great and so is the music every week.
Closed way earlier than advertised. GaaaaaaaaaaayyyyEspecially on a Saturday are you kidding me? No wonder this place is dead empty.
Excellent food excellent service. I recommend the Cajun burger and fries it was Has a home feeling type of restaurant.
Got a great sandwich tonight.  Awesome fresh food and great sandwich maker.......had the footlong on white tuna was a great sandwich.  And a bag of chips.....lol
Jimmy is Awsome work done on time and a fair price would suggest earls for any repair
Clean, quiet, nice people, wonderful pool!  Far enough away from the Las Vegas Hustle, but close enough to be accessible to all the nightlife.  The RV park is gated with remotes for tenants.  The bathrooms were clean and secure.  The showers were great with enough room to maneuver.  The saltwater swimming pool was inviting and aways cleaned every morning.  There are two dog runs and a doggie bath area.  I would give the Hitchin' Post RV Park 5 stars if there was some sort of shade (netting) over the pool (really too hot in Vegas to spend mid-day in the pool).
Nice facility. Very open area. Traffic sux but awesome place to visit. The best part of LVMS is the Neon Garage. It cost extra but well worth it. Got to see drivers up close and if your lucky you'll get an autograph too. Check it out!!!
Liars,never come back againGive them 0 star,all they can do is just wasting your time.never trust what any agent told u,if u can,please keep the evidence what they offer,even means u have to record it.
The service reps are a joke.  I have brought my car in twice to fix a known issue and nothing has been done
Even though this is an 'outlet', the prices are outrageous for furniture that is broken & busted.  The employees are super friendly but the product just isn't up to par.  We were disappointed to find that a scratched end table with a missing drawer knob still cost $90.  I don't think I would pay that much for one end table even if it were in perfect condition!  You are better off going to the regular Walker store & buying new.  You might even get a better deal with some of their holiday sales rather than purchasing from the outlet.
Overpriced for an outlet store!Plenty of sales people to assist you!  Seems like they don't want to sell anything here.  I did see a really  nice sectional, it had 2 recliners, that massage you like at the nail salon.  And 2 more recliners on each end, and it was leather for about $1800.00.  We were looking for a really nice desk chair!  What we found was $250.00!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!  A used computer desk chair!  They had a flat screen 45 inch television for $998.00.......REALLY, REALLY!  And someone bought it!  You can go to best buy, walmart or target and get a brand new one out the box for that price!   Anyway, the other store I went to was more affordable for couches, sectionals, headboards ect.  If I'm looking for something, I might go look again, but I doubt it if I will buy anything from here.
My children love coming  for dinner here. Always great food and tasty desserts! I love their coconut shrimp - ymmy :-)
Great food,service, and atmosphere."80% of the time its great everytime" Cant ever get enough of their steaks!!
They play a lot of independent films here.I love the Regal  card. We always get free popcorn, soda, and tickets because we go to the movies a lot and we always use our card.
Great Chinese very fresh and tasty, quick simple and cheap.  I was impressed with quality and price, value is huge here!    I like a place that gives you a crab rangoon, and egg roll with your meal for free, tasty stuff.  HIghly recommended.!
Delicious and cheap with a super friendly staff. Food takes no time to get to your table, and they literally have the most delicious crab rangoons in the universe. I also really like the French fries and chicken nuggets, which are weirdly great for a Chinese restaurant. Faaaaaabulous.
I'm a regular donor here.  Great services, and I love the Netflix here.  Some of the phlebotomist remember my name.   I can't complain about anything here.  I've developed a strange habit of watching scary movies while donating.
*sighs* bad poke. This is the first.  I am sure it's an isolated incident. Have been donating blood for 5 years and this is the first
Great store.Good customer service and decent prices.Only complaint is that I belive that a bigger variety of products will be the way to go.
This place has the best pizza not too thin and too thick! Better than Bambinos. I have yet to try their subs but they look delicious. They probably have the best deal in Summerlin area with one of kind pizza! :)
Wonderful!  John is the best in helping out and making things right!  Food is tasty and fresh.  Not too greasy and not too heavy.  Subtle blend of spices makes it stand out.
Awesome shop. Awesome service! Always has great hookah selection and if he doesn't have something in Stock he will order it for you! Go check it out. You won't be disappointed!
never going to this place again!!!! I found a huge clump of hair inside of the taco I ordered and the hair clump had a bug attached to it. I got my food during the graveyard shift. Pure disgust & a waste of money.  Not to mention, the other food I ate, upset my stomach. I'm NEVER going to this place again and will post this anywhere and everywhere I can!!!
I finally signed up for the member card it does cost $25 and is only worth getting if you come here often. The employees are helpful and as of now have not come across anyone who isn't friendly.
Getting my tires rotated on a Saturday morning.  Gotta love the business or plus membership. Since I can come in as early as 7am.  No lines no crowd just a few people here shopping.One quick tip. Best place to come stock up early before going out of town.  Love it!45 Minutes later tires rotated as promised by Benny and I still have the rest of my morning, unlike other tire shop where your there for HOURS!I had membership to Sams and Costco.  When comparing both, I enjoyed Sam's a lot more since you don't have the overly rude customers that are always in a rush and trying to run you and your kids over. (This does not pertain to all customers).   Employees are all the same.  Bigger aisle is always a win in my book.
Mailboxes here have been broken into 5 times in 3 years. The gate up front in front of the mailboxes is forever broken and management doesn't care enough to fix it. And don't bother complaining about not feeling safe having mail sent to your place. Management will promptly tell you how they are new and just "don't know". Oh and calling Trinity is pointless, that's just leaving a voicemail for a person who will never call you back. Your money is better spent elsewhere. I pay almost $800/mo for a one bedroom and I can't even have mail sent here. Management could care less about residents. Look elsewhere!
Nice patio if the weather is good... Love their vegetarian breakfast bagel sandwiches. They kept the dining area clean and drink station had fresh coffee!
No plain bagels..huh? How is that possible..they have one job...MAKE BAGELS...the gourmet bagels were an upsell..they had plenty of those...experiences like this remind me what a cow town this really is..im annoyed and going to lakes lounge..which is where I should have gone in the first place...
Seriously disappointing. From what I read online this was supposed to be a great place for picking up climbing gear, ropes, maps, chalk, and basic supplies. What I found when I walked through the door was a teeny tiny store crammed with a hodge-podge of crap that made it difficult to find anything much less what you want. Now granted I don't climb anymore...I'm not in shape to climb these days. But a good climbing rope is useful for many, many things, and I own a bunch of them. But this is not the place I'll be buying any ropes in Vegas. If you like dealing with snotty elitist teenagers who barely would acknowledge your presence then you'll like this place. But if you like true service, and don't want to have to shoehorn your way through the place in hopes of finding what you need you're better off going to REI for basics or ordering online for specialty items. To sum it up I'll just drop the tip I posted on the mobile app right after I walked out the door: It ain't all that, quite frankly it sucks. Seen better, bought better, you deserve better. Don't come here.
Okay place to grab a beer and watch the game. The food is average and prices are okay not to pricey but not cheap.
This place is to good. No doubt a local hidden gemI eat here all the time Great amazing tasting food for a fair price
Best garlic knots and pizza in Las Vegas.  I drive all the way from south Las Vegas to come eat this pizza.They have the nicest staff and amazing food!
Best green zing juice! Plenty of take out snacks. Best chipotle Kale chips.I'm back, and it's just as awesome as I remembered.  Although I'm on yet _another_ cleanse, I broke down and had a lot of food as mentioned above and below.  I sampled the pizza thing - the crust was a flat bread made with almonds and seeds, finally a bread without buckwheat!  I also had their desserts, WOW.  The dark chocolate heart with almonds and currants, to die for and I don't like chocolate and I'm allergic...eek.  I also had the fudge which is really nuts and seeds in a bar, sweet and lovely.  Filling, and still eating some now.  Fabulous.A double bonus is that they soak all their nuts and seeds for easier digestibility and absorption and less fattening! =)  Yes, ladies we can enjoy a little and not feel too guilty.Everything is fresh and made on the spot.  The staff are so friendly, just love them.  It's not your upscale place like NYC's Pure Food and Wine, but the food and people are great.  They have take out snacks, desserts, books, supplements, drinks and even t-shirts with their logo.  They occasionally hold raw food preparation classes too.Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, you'll definitely find me here!
Love this place fast courteous and reliable. Have a car max warranty I drop my car off and they take care of the rest. Great great place to get you car worked on.
Great service. Reasonable prices & honest. Would highly recommend. Radiator overheated and since I was from Cali I had no clue where to go. Found Art's. Through AAA recommendation and was very pleased with service.
Be aware gas price on sign is cash/chevron card only ! Normal is 7 cents higher !Prior to this, this, aside from the flamingo and durango location, had a competitive low pricing in the area. Was a very convenient location, and good prices. Now after they changed the sign, and the never knowing rate of change for prices, i'm not too sure on their pricing at the moment. Chances are, i'll still use this gas station due to its convenience from being down the street and on the way, in most cases, for most times. Attached to a mcdonalds for a quick bite, if needed. Friendly staff working inside. Good for picking up drinks (water or sport drinks before going out to play sports or something)
Blueberry cream pie yummy my all time favorite and it reminds me of my mom, since she use to buy it for us for the holiday's. Go when they have their special's , I believe that they have their pie sale twice a year.  Happy yelpingxoxox Terri
Poor service all around.   Food is not what it used to be.   New management?  One waiter with the manager waiting on tables too.  Come on, higher more staff, please?
Great price on Christmas trees! Much cheaper that the corner lot. Helpful service and lots to choose from. Only took a minute to be on the road with our new tree!!
No where near to bonito mochican. no authentic mexican taste at all. its bunch of white people trying to make mexican food in their ways...
All I have to say is, this is good fish. When my husband told me about it I was skeptical since we do live in the desert AND on the West Coast. What do they know about fried catfish, right? Well, I was wrong. You've got to try it.
Fantastic atmosphere and DELICIOUS food!!!!!!  The ALL you can eat specials are out of this world and the fried catfish melts in your mouth.  If you are looking for sweet tea and a great meal come to The Hush Puppy you can thank me later
Best. Fried Oysters. Ever. 'Nuff said.Yelp says it's not enough, so the hush puppies and pecan pie are also to die for :)
Looks like this will become a regular haunt, and we haven't eaten yet!!We found this place by searching Yelp, since we couldn't find the restaurant we set out to go to.  Talk about unassuming -  when we entered the front door, it felt as if we were on Let's Make a Deal:  should we choose what was behind Door #1 or Door #2?  They were marked, so it was a no-brainer, but it sure seemed strange.We were greeted and seated right away, and were instantly impressed by the friendliness of the waitresses.  The good impression continued when we looked at the menu, and couldn't believe the prices.  I can't remember the last time I saw a half-carafe of house wine at a restaurant, and even back then, it always cost more than the price of two glasses of wine.  Here it was less!  The house wine is Barefoot, and it's our favorite cheap wine.I ordered Chicken with Spinach and Portobello mushrooms, and was easily able to substitute mashed potatoes for the rice pilaf.  This is the rare time that the live dish actually looked better than it did in the menu's photo, which looked like canned spinach.  But no, this was fresh, and the mashed were homemade and had what seemed to be scallions.  The chicken was very good, but could have benefited from a minute or two less cooking.  Hubby had the blackened wild salmon.  Usually the first ingredient in the blackening seasoning is salt, so I pass it up.  But this time it wasn't overly salty.  Bravo!!  I like my salmon slightly undercooked, so my comment for the chicken goes for the salmon, too.  But Mr. +1 likes all his food cooked until rigor mortis sets in, so it was perfect for him.  It did taste wonderful.  His salmon came with fresh mixed vegetables, and he stayed with the rice pilaf, and left no grain uneaten.Both entrees were supposed to come with soup or salad, but we were told at the outset that the soup had been all slurped up and was gone; it was a cheeseburger soup, so I guess we were better off not having the opportunity to ingest all those calories. I know at least one of us would have gotten it, and the other of us would have tasted it, then tasted again.  We did get a perfectly ordinary iceberg salad with excellent homemade dressings, and found out later that next time we can ask for romaine.Our waitress, Robin, was perfect, and funny, too.  We had a thoroughly enjoyable experience and a very good meal.  The best part was the absence of sticker shock at the end.  We'll go back soon, and often, to what other Yelpers have described as a hidden gem.  It is for sure!!
The reason it is so dark is to hide the filth... Yuck!  Not impressed in the least... Staff are slow... Surprised the Lakes would have such a hole in their community.  Greasy spoon.
Great food, great prices and Sue and Robin give excellent serviceChicken tenders are great...everything is made to order!
Great fondue time with new friends - company Christmas party
Best egg rolls in vegas. Good prices and a lot of food and the service is nice.  They can be a little slow when it gets crowded because there only seems to be 1 or 2 people service and 1 cooking in the back.
It is so delicious and im always satisfied with their sandwich ! Thumbs up! I love the cheese steak and the bobbie !
Visited this store from out of town and was pleasantly surprised. Great and informative staff, hard to find products, and clean facility!
About to eat my favorite...koobideh, hmmmmmI love Paymon's, Ive been coming here for a while now and pretty much always order the same thing, whether it be the Gyro, the Koobideh or the gyro salad but what is a must, would be the Athens fries, hmmmm.
Crack fries and gyro are always what I crave here! Service, music, and atmosphere is great. They also offer military discount.
Great food, excellent hookah! What more could one want?!?! Try the three meat plater!
Cold Stone is the shiznit.  I love being able to add my own toppings and mix flavors!
Their ice cream cakes and ice cream cupcakes are awesome! Great for gifts for family or friends.
Poopski potato. Best chicken I've ever had in the north. Props Taco Bell. It says my message is too short so now I'm just wasting space. Check out my blog at michellepoopski.blog.com and let me know what you think!
Great sushi, Mel's Roll is very good, service has always been good. It can be busy during lunch, a lot of work lunches taking place but quick service and tastes very fresh
Been a few times. Amazing sushi. ;) Sushi Bar and restaurant. From Denver. Wish they had specials. Came for lunch. At least sake or drinks.
Aloha hour...$5 lobster California roll and lobster potstickers are amazing!!! I first dined here a while back with my Mom. She absolutely loved it. We ordered the prixe fix menu and were dazzled by the display of each prepared item. This is definitely one of those rara-shishi type places where the portions are small, but the taste more than makes up for it. I returned here for happy hour with a coworker and we enjoyed some unusual (Strawberry Basil Martini) yet delicious cocktails and noshed on appetizers that were much easier on the pocket than the dinner menu. The only issue would be that the happy hour crowd here is more of an older bunch, but if you're just looking for some gourmet eats and delectable drinks this is your place.
This location is closed down. It was in between Whole Foods and Jos A. Bank.  After wasting time driving to that location I found the shopping center I was originally at had a Sprint store nearby. My fault for assuming Yelp was accurate. :-(
There's usually no wait here. Nice place to stop and grab some good Roast Beef Sandwiches! Tonight I'm trying out the number 12. Roast Beef, Bacon, and Cheddar!! Curly fries as always...
Overbooking appointments is bad business. Arrived a few minutes early for my son's appointment, ended up waiting over 45 minutes before seeing the doctor. The waiting room where they conduct much of their business was crowded and all the available seating was already in use. Doctor apologized profusely for the wait and was none too pleased with the overbooking of the appointments. No one likes cranky customers. I would steer clear of this location until they can learn to schedule appointments at reasonable intervals.
awesome food!!! my family loves it for so many years!!! Friendly staff...cannot find place to eat like Pearl Wok!! 5 stars
Wonderful service..amazeing fresh cooked food..owner joey very humble and customer service is his prority.Kabobs were full of flavor
Good food, good people.  What more can you ask for!Had the farej, gyro, hummus, lemonade, and baklava.
Friendly Clean Looking staff. Always my favorite sandwhich! Food is fresh, and I appreciate this location takes pride in the employees appearance. I know there are new owners, and it shows! Great work! !
Friendly, fun place!! Great service and they always have the best food! Lots of beers to choose from and play all the PAC 12 games and NFL.
Very nice staff and doctors Honest with you and doesn't sugar coat. Gives the best advice for helping with your vision and suggestions on how to improve your vision at work as well.
Love this place!  My husband won't usually go more than 2 miles from our house for food but that was before I brought him here!  Great happy hour plus awesome variety on the menu along with some of the best fries in the city!  We haven't been for breakfast so will have to try that soon!  Check the weekly paper for 2 for 1 coupons!!
This place is great!!! Wonderful service and friendly people!!! We will be coming again soon!
it is a nice convenience to have a teenager offer to pump gas for you. however I prefer to wash my own windows and there are never paper towels stocked at any of the 12 paper towel dispenser receptacles where you get the squeegee for cleaning your windshield. This afternoon was no different, out of paper towels again
Always do a nice job on even the basic car wash.   The staff is always nice. Have had a couple of issues, but management has always been quick to resolve.
Shawn, the GM, was on top of it! He is truly a change of pace for this location! He was helpful and attentive to my car wash needs. He made sure that my car was cleaned to the fabulous expectations that are known for this company! I will definitely return.
Great Happy Hour: 4-7pm, Monday through Friday!  One of my favorite places, classy, low-key and away from the Strip.  Great service as well.
Mmmm, i love this pizza....I have read so many reviews on this place and I just don't understand.  Maybe its not the the best pizza in the world, but if I am in the area of either of the Flamingo locations you better believe that's where I am eating!  The crust is not to thin and has good flavor.  Toppings are not overwhelming nor are they MIA.  The salads are a good choice if you don't want pizza and there is plenty more to choose from too.
Food has always been good. But very dirty! Come on! Can we clean up?! Please please clean up. I love this place but damn!
Super friendly staff!!We went late at night and some anonymous employee just gave us our drink because of the long wait and our small order of a cherry limeade.I like the snacks they have but make sure you ask for marinara and any extra side because drive thru doesn't put a courtesy one in there for ya.prettty good for a late night snack plus its in my neighborhood.
Pretty good service usually. And they are always open!! I love my dirty diet cokes.  The food is okay
I love it :)it's authentic and delicious I enjoyed it mmmm so good!! I definitely recommended if you want some good Mexican food
Pretty good I go there a lot and the people are nice I used to get the beef fajitas but now since they're more expensive I just get the tacos instead
I give their Chicago stye pizza A+++++. So glad it is our neighborhood pizza parlor. The staff is very friendly and when they say it will be ready in 25 minutes, they mean it.
Fast, friendly and clean. Thank you :)$6 lunch special rocks! Flamingo and Cambridge
Baja fish tacos- holy friggin moly delicious!!!!! :D and only 99¢!!!I was very pleased with this particular location. Look if you're looking for high quality fish or seafood, you have to understand that this is fast food seafood and you wont find it here. BUT I have to say for fast food quality I LOVE LJ Silvers. And my new favorite item to get is their BAJA FISH TACOS!!What I loved is that normally, I just get the fish platter but today I was feeling like a fish taco, so I rolled into LJS and ordered ONE fish taco to try out, when I got to the window the cashier asked me if it was my first time trying one and I said yes. He simply said "This one is on the house, if you like it- which you will, come back and see us again" :D so I got my first Baja Fish Taco Free! and not only that- it was AMAZING! The taco is big! get two and you'll be full. Then theres the sauce they put in it- and ITS AWESOME- has a little spice to it and it's mouth wateringly delicious... JUST TRY IT. You will be pleased!!
This location has a serious problem with constancy of cooked meats.  Very busy location at UNLV. Not the best, but still Chipotle.
Love this place. Always fast and friendly. They have an app so you order ahead but I've had bad experiences with that. By the time I got to the chipotle where I sent my order to they didn't even know I placed an order. I wish they took over the phone orders instead but they don't you can only fax or use the app.
Not really much to add other than what people already know. But don't forget, you can get your drinks without sugar or sweetener-free! You can cut out a ton of calories by using Splenda. Regular Blimey Limey = 210 calories!
Always friendly staff. Really simple and easy to work with.
A bit pricey, but the meat is worth it. Although Nathan's is famous for its hot dogs, try the cheesesteaks! Twice the meat and twice the satisfaction but as always, a bit expensive.
Friendly staff and quick! My coffee is perfect!  Breakfast sandwich the slow roasted ham and swiss croissant so tasty.
Very friendly staff! Good location. Very fast service, like Seattle fast! Be prepared for a line wait but you won't be in it long.
Hooray!!! Thank you to the Top Chef Masters for AWESOMENESS!!!  The Halibut Ceviche was astounding.
Disappointing! Better Mexican food around.The food was kind of bland and lacked flavor
Brandon was a perfect server, he was quick and attentive. The food is wonderful! Cheese dip portion was huge and black bean dip was same size. Plenty of food - large portions. Great drinks. There is a TWO TOP TABLE THAT HAS A OUTLET TO CHARGE YOUR PHONE. It's right around the corner on the wall. I love to be able to charge my phone while dining! Superb service!!
Exceptional. Love the food, service, ambiance. Roy's is hard to beat. Never a bad experience. Try the butterfish, you won't be sorry. And you can never go wrong with the chocolate soufle.
The best sushi place in town by far. Big serving. Best sushi. Good servers. Try the Ellen roll with soy wrap..hmm. Thick and good roll.
Best sushi ever!!!!! The wait is well worth it... The customer service is hit or miss but the Sushi is hands down the best I've had. This is a bit far from my place but I have yet to find sushi that even compares to Yama and trust me I've tried many others only to be disappointed.
Orders are slow, tasting is good but not amazing and is so noisy, you need order all at time because is very slow .... Waitress forget the order .... i don't understand how have a four stars ....
This was awesome!! So good !!  The service was great! My friends and I really enjoyed it!  Hard to find, it is in a strip mall
Best sushi in town, well worth the 30min wait!! Service is great, the only thing is that it gets crowded but very good all around
The best ever sushi ayce in the world :") costumer sever great. Whether because of perceived healthfulness, its clean flavor, or just owing to greater availability, raw fish has stayed hot. And Long Island has benefitted from the rush of new restaurants that specialize in it. Sushi may not be as omnipresent as pizza and pasta, but the communities without a place to sample the uncooked taste of the ocean...I love this place foreal
My favorite sushi house and only just down the streetGotta have those man whore's and the palm job is to die for.  I love coming down here with my friends and family. I always refer them to here when ever I can.
Good sushi for all you can eat!! Fresh fish. Very surprised considering its in a strip mall off the "strip" but that also explains why the prices aren't through the roof and you can leave having eaten a very good and satisfying meal. This was extremely fresh, and surprisingly good!!  Way happier with this meal than having gone to "Yellowtail" which was the most overpriced sushi I've had in my life, and decent at best, and then I had to go eat another meal an hour later.
amazing amazing food!!!!!!!! It may be a little hole in the wall but the food is so worth it!!!!!!They have all you can eat menu, you pay $20 a person and. An order as much as you want as long as it is from that menu. If not you can still order what you want!
I Will always come back to this place. Great Food, Great customer service! You hace to try The all You can eat especial, And ask forma half rolls so You can taste more flavors. The seafood salad is The best, and i recomend rolls #13 #16
Great if you dont care about your figure Irish eggs Benedict awesome. Mom going with with grilled cheese and tomato boring.
The Philly Cheesesteak Omelet breakfast I had was Awesome!  This is my favorite place to come to when I'm out to Las Vegas.
This was a fantastic diner!!! Great home cooking and atmosphere!!! When in Vegas this is a must for a late or early Breakfast after s night on the town...
Great breakfast foods, big portions, friendly and quick service. A bit loud and very busy in the mornings, but so worth it!
Not quite as good as other locations..eggs had to go back and the pancakes rubbery. The bill was pricey for the quality.. There are so many other choices nearby I won't return here.
All I can say is OMG! absolutely the best chocolate pancakes ever! Also the biscuits and gravy are to die for. Its a must go if your anywhere near. I will return for sure. The server (Sally) was VERY personable and helpful. Will ask for her section the next visit too
Good food large portion price is right , I'll go back again .homos tasty flafel love it all the menus is good
Very friendly staff, liked my nails. Not the most posh place, but quick and reliable. I recommend. Ask for GiGi she was very sweet and gave me a $2 discount for my next visit
It not that good, big disappointment!! I will never go back there again. The service is not bad just the food is not good.
Food is delicious and service is always amazing. Highly recommend!  I love the new happy hour meny, the aspargus salmon roll is my personal favorite.
Great place for happy hour, says my 19 year old. Starting em young! This location is close enough to the strip, so visitors can have great food for off the strip prices. The best place to park is in the back by H&m, since it's right across. BTW.. Its really a great H&M but go before kabuki because you will be too full to try on that cute pair of pants.If you are coming with someone who doesn't like sushi, there are plenty of other options. The sukiyaki is a good alternative and filling or the chicken fingers. We really like the agedashi tofu here.  If tofu scares you, just try the agedashi. It's crispy on the outside and sits in a well seasoned broth. It's amazing.. Just try it.You can't go wrong at this place especially at happy hour.
Ok. Empty donut shelves for mid morning on a weekend. Not a single cake donut. Hopefully this is like this because we missed the thousands of people that came by before us.
Sehr lecker, vor allem das thanksgiving sandwich. Sehr freundlich und sehr beliebt bei locals
Capistrami!!!!! First time trying this place and it definitely won't be the last. Great service and even better food.
AMBIANCE: 4 - This IHOP is a very busy location since it is on Maryland, near the college and airport and strip! There is always noise and some kind of wait involved! It looks like your regular, run-of-the-mill IHOP! SERVICE: 5 - I don't know about everyone else, but I always receive great service here! The waiters are always attentive to my needs, and they were constantly refilling my water.FOOD: 3 - IHOP breakfast food is very average, it's not the best breakfast place. but it makes me really happy because of the traditionalism; it has the same taste as an IHOP in any other state! My food came out quickly (even due to the crowd) and it was hot and good!--Local Specific Tips: sirloin tips and eggs are my fave :) Be prepared to sit down and wait a bit! They're always busy. If you don't see a syrup on your table, always ask; they have some in the back (like boysenberry)
Best breakfast for the money!  Great staff, great service!!  Loved the blueberry pancakes.  ;)
Perfection, as always! Sophia is so remarkably creative and just an absolute pleasure to be around. Can't wait to go back for some great holiday nails next time!
My favorite place to watch the Arsenal... come on you gunners. Specials every Tuesday and Wednesday. Food is good, service is great, atmosphere amazing.
This place was so much fun. Owner is so awesome! I recommend it to anyone looking to enjoy a private karaoke night.
Always a good meal. Employees are always professional and friendly. Been here for the largest lunch rushes and they always handle rush properly. Food is great.
Nice, clean, friendly, close and convienant.We had a great time. The place was clean, the people were friendly and helpful, and the hotel was a nice place to be for business and a little pleasure. Easy to get to and they have a shuttle to the strip.Elevators were fast and the fitness center looked nice.Great prices!$129 a night!
Gotta get my Cuban food fix- very cute place off the strip...Lichen Asado, tops Vieja, pollo tequila & rice y beans, plantains y yucca mojovery much ok
Love love love the empanadas!!! All of the food was delicious. We got the two tasting plates. The pork literally melted it was so tender. My mom loved the "old rag" meat dish. The waitress was really patient and a sweetheart. Plantains were perfect! The flan/tres leches pineapple dish was a major disappointment and I hate the location but otherwise yum yum!
This spot never fails to impress!! Bomb ass food, reminds me of me dad cooking. From the arroz con pollo, to the pasta Cuba cafe. Authentic Cuban food. I highly recommend getting the bistec de palomilla, it is by far my favorite and don't be afraid to order an enselada de augacate...I love this place !!!
Food, ok. Services, ok. Atmosphere, sucks.  The decor is stuck in the 1970s, and needs a major overhaul.  Felt like I was sitting at a truck stop.
This is the best moving company I've ever had. I really recommend cheep cheep movers. Reliable and affordable.
Great place to stop and eatGood Hummos FalafelGood student vibeAnd priced right Next to Unlv Always great and fresh food Fart service too
Seriously the best. Employees are nice, quick service, restaurant is clean, and the food is yummy. Veggie kabob plate is my favorite. Make sure you check in to get free baklava!Also the fries are amazing
Best dive bar in Vegas, go when there are bands, prices are good and ambience is perfect! The bartenders make you feel like home !
This photo lab does a superb job with great customer service!They had done some small prints for me with excellent color matching to my screen. I came back for a 20x30 canvas print. It turned out great!Will be back for more prints. Thank you Mr Lel!
Great food, great people, great fun. This place has a great atmosphere with very attentive staff and the food is cheap but doesn't skimp on quality. Try the Philadelphia Cheese steak, it is amazing.
Good Service, it was a long line but they got everyone out quick. Chris was very helpful helping me find hand soap...
They cancel reservations if your 2 hrs late and hike up the rate. What a crock. 2 hrs and now $100 more   Dollar rip you off
This is a good place to go and fill welcome every time.  I know I reviewed the Shrine once but I don't think I said enough.this is a beautiful relaxing place to think and to listen to God. to hear the joy God wants you to fill.
My job always orders from Jason's Deli and whatever I get always ends up being good. They have healthy options which I love and a large menu. Whatever mood you're in you'll find something tasty. I look forward to trying out the location closer to home.
This place is off the strip. It's in a little strip mall type and when you get there, you wonder what you will find. You walk in, and you still are not 100% sure. But once you sit down, the servers are just as friendly as can be. They are are ready to help you choose and tell you what you are eating.Try one of the samplers with a friend. Well worth it. When it started to come (there's a few courses), the server let us know what it was.The taste of all the foods we ate were wonderful. The servers were great, the location was good. The only down fall is that sometimes they took a while to get back to you once you had your food.
One of the few places where you can still get an authentic multilayered whole wheat Paratha made on the tawa (Indian girdle /saucepan) as it should be and not in the tandoor (Indian oven) - makes all the difference in the taste!!!They serve the usual north Indian food plus south indian fare also such as idlis.Though biryani is a standard item on their menu the owner on occasion makes some biryani himself and I am keen on trying his biryani. Service is very good and friendly. Compared to most buffets (for lunch) of its kind I thought theirs is among the better ones I've come across.
The food is awesome!!! Really what I expected.... Nice ambiance too!!!We ordered for different fried rice, and all items were too good!!! Best restaurant for indian food!!!
Love this place! The food is authentic and it has a lot of options. My favorite meat dish is the lamb vindaloo and the saag paneer is amazing.
Best Indian food ever!!!! Been here 5 times and the food is never a disappointment. The mango lassi is great also I would've added a picture but I drank it all! Sooo good
Went there for lunch buffet. Food was great and good service.Huge selection of delicious food in the buffet. Surprisingly they had idly chutney and sambar even though sambar wasn't the great one but that won't stop me from giving them 5 starGood , contemporary ambiance.Will be back next time I'm in vegas.
Very good food, I love it, everything is very nice , so, I will be back again, ,so,flavor chicken , goat curries , I love naan,,
Good food, normal price and nice environment.I have never seen a well organized menu before this one. I recommend this.
Good food, but super slow service. Was here over an hour before the food came. They need to hire more workers, especially during a basketball tournament weekend.
The banana pancakes are to die for. Another favorite is the adobo rice. This place was shown to us by one of our friends in November 2014 when we visited vegas. We came back for new year's weekend. I have to say the food is good. My son is a picky eater but he gobbled up the banana pancakes and the adobo rice. We will definitely be coming back for more banana pancakes and adobo rice wrapped in scrambled egg
Love this place!! Perfect place to grab a tiger tail before work!  The apple fritters are also great. The hours are strange, but perfect for the graveyard shift!!
Shell gas station... Saved .20 cents today with Smith's rewards.Parking lot is a nightmare to get out of. Wish they would have thought about that when they build it... Especially on the corner of Flamingo and Pecos.
I love to get free car wash after 9 washes done. It is nice to have a waiting area.  I could give them five if they didn't forget jasmine flavor
Amazing dinner and ambiance!  Excellent service!  We will be back! Loved the live music on Saturday night.. Both of our meals were cooked to perfection!
Take a step back in time into this classic Vegas Italian restaurant. Absolutely excellent food,service, and ambiance. We go every year no matter what !
Great service.  My pants where ready within 2 days.  Fits perfectly.  Easy in and out.  Great location.
The breakfast was yummy. Possibly some of the best pancakes I have ever eaten. Very busy, but worth the wait.
Mike at the counter was friendly helpful .they went above and beyond for me. I had overfilled my oil.. I know its dumb. But when I went there they didn't make me feel that way just buisness with a smile . The car smoked like it was a top fuel dragster.When I git it back they cleaned out everything zero smoke and I learned from this mistake as well!!!;)
Dr. Paulson and rn Ricky were great.   Third visit and getting better each time.  I was previously a patient of Dr blanchard, but he does not accept Aetna insurNce.  Dr. Paulsen does. He inspires confidence
My new favorite comic store, they were friendly and I got what I needed. The store looked like it would have whatever you needed and it's not the closest to me but I'm sure going here in the future.
Loved the food!!! Just like the chinese restaurants in hawaii...I will be back. Get the $10 per person family dinner, more bang for your buck.
We have been eating at Chapala's for over twenty five years and have never been disappointed. The meals are large and very delicious, and the Margaritas are the best in town. My favorite is the chile verde plate and a large Margarita!
Best Mexican in town & The waitresses and waiters are great have been coming here for years and will be coming back for many more
The server was really nice. He helped me out with the menu because I am new here.Soup is amazing and the salad is yummy tooI ordered the shrimp dinner And then the chef came out and the staff here is super friendly.
Best barber shop I have ever been to. 4 hour drive well worth it. Highly recommended over 40 years of experience.
Got "the Bobbie" sandwich was the bomb!!! One of the best sandwiches I've had. Good prices, good options. I recommend this spot.
The best sandwich shop ever! Try the cheese steak it will blow your mind!!! It's hard to stay away from this place. The Bobby is also a favorite it's like having thanksgiving dinner anytime of the year and it's on a sandwich!
Quick , hot and yummy philly! The staff is extremely friendly place is clean all of them seem to be happy to be here
Best dentist in Vegas! Great customer service. ALWAYS available when you need him. Best staff ever!
Washing Soap. They have it. If you're trying to do natural cleaning or make your own cleaners you will find washing soap here. - That is the entire reason I came to Ace Hardware, but now that I have been here I will probably be back for anything I may need "hardware" or "gardening"-wise.This small store reminds me of days gone by. Yes, it may be a chain, but it is not Home Depot or Lowes. HD and Lowes overwhelm me most of the time, the tall, forever reaching shelves, the sterile concrete floors, the orange-clad employees running around, dodging most customers because in actuality - they do not have much experience in say, lighting or well, building shit, they're just there to make a buck, which I'm not saying is bad for them, it's just bad for business when your employees don't know much about the products. Ace is different, it's smaller, it has that "hometown" vibe. At least this one does. I feel like I can deal with this store. I don't feel like I have to be pressured into re-doing my bathroom because my fixtures are out of date and the floor models look uber-fancy. I can easily navigate the small aisles, I don't have to be wandering around a warehouse-sized store looking for the correct bug spray for an hour.I recommend Ace Hardware if you are tired of the warehouse stores. You won't find power-tools here or building supplies, but if you're a novice or you just need odds and ends around the house this store will do fine.
Came here last week love the live jazz and food great 70, s throwback feel. Tonight here to listen to jazz singer ronnie rose he is an awesome singer got his album. If you don't have it you can get it at a harmony nail spa in commercial center
The wings are ginormous!We love Church's, wish they had more here in the Valley.  I love the spicy, we get the huge wings only ( oh, there not called huge wings)  I have know idea, where they get chicken with wings like these.  I usually can't even eat both of them in the 2 piece meal. Yes, they will charge you a little more for 2 wings or all wings, WHAT EVER!  It's worth it.
Great chicken my favorite. This place here on flamingo is my go to spot . Delicious crispy tasty chicken . Beats Popeyes by a mile .
I show up 15 minutes late and the clerk refuses for me to sign in. Really?!?! You can let me sit and wait for Hoya, but I must not be late. Poor customer service! When you check out it takes forever and there is nowhere to sit! Really...I have stitches in my foot but have nowhere to sit! Usually the clerk complains to every patient she was supposed to leave at 4:30, while blankly staring at her screen and not helping people. The surgical side is really nice, but different staff. I wish they sent out their customer satisfaction survey for the other office visits!
I always go to this auto zone because they have Pretty good service overall and a friendly well informed staff. They have most parts for most cars. Compared to the other auto zones I been to,  this one exceeds my expectations.
Again my nails look great. Katie is the girl to see!Check out the last pic. That's my nails! Thanks Katie
Excellent restaurant ! Camarones sarandeados or steak a la cognac  delicious ! Also margarita with corona excellent I love the service the nachos with the refried beans and the hot sauce love it ! I always go there when I'm in a mood for Mexican food
Best restaurant, food and service in Las Vegas! We went for lunch and enjoyed it so much that we went back for dinner. The selection of cocktails, appetizers, and entrees is exceptional along with the service from ALL the waitstaff. My favorite part was the "company" cars that give you a complimentary ride back to your hotel on the strip. Great restaurant and definitely will be going back next time I visit Vegas!
This is our favorite Mexican restaurant when I visit Las Vegas! The margarita are fantastic ! The service is great ! If your staying on the strip you are missing a Las Vegas highlight!
Great food and better service . Everyone very cheerful and helpful. Live singers too on the weekends
Great service great food. No complaints at all. Highly recommended. The food tastes good. Its well cooked and the service staff are very friendly. They make you feel like if you are home.
Great food and great service!  Live music that is not over bearing. Friendly staff from start to finish.  Love this place.
Great service. Angelo is the new guy...very pleasant and good with over 50y of experience!!!
great food, quick service and nice flavor, first time trying the food, nice portions and good quality on the food
Best made to order cakes in town. Whipped cream frosting above all the rest. Great price I ordered online at work a couple days ahead.
Best Panda I've ever had by far. So fresh and delicious! Great service as well! The chowmein was super fresh and not full of veggies, the orange chicken was great with not too many super large pieces. Very good, will definitely be coming to this one more! It's also extremely clean.
Can't find a better breakfast for the money. Great service and atmosphere.  Been coming here for years and never disappointed.
Great food and excellent service. I always look forward to coming back home to visit and taking the family there.
great service!  great food!  great place!  Our friend raves about this place so we gave it a try. Everyone is so nice and accommodating!  Very very clean. Bathrooms too!  We loved everything we had.  Even though we live across town, we will be back!
Weights not re-racked and Dumbbells consistently out of place.  Packed with the exception of 1a-5a.  Not joking!  I still like the place however.*****Updated review*****Moved to San Diego and this place is WAAAAAY BETTER than anything here!!!  Grass is always greener on the other side!!  True appreciation for LVAC!!
Been coming here a long time very clean and always a good workout! Helpful staff and slot of equipment! Very big locations.
Always a great location.  Easy in and out and clean.  The staff is friendly, the price is a great value, and most of the time it's not too crowded.
Nicest mcdonalds i have ever been in,  great seating, good service, felt more like a nice coffee shop than a fast food restaurant.
Possibly the worst service of any McDonald's in the city! I will drive out of my way to avoid this place on my lunch break!
You know I did not buy anything over there. They were Nice and helpful, But needs work with quality of shorts and pants Along with better styles that fits The guys standards they were too tight
Great prices and variety. Kinda hot, go in the morning. Mostly outdoor plants. I bought some herbs and peppers along with .99 cent flowers! Couple cacti for my apartment all under $18! Could use more indoor plant varieties for apartment folks
I have been coming here for years, they have the best curry anywhere! The service has always been very good combined with the cleanliness of the restaurant I give it 5 stars.
Really really good Thai food. Staff are really sweet and are always smiling. Would definitely recommend. Had so much food had to pack to go and finish.
Never had a bad meal here. Great Thai food! Lunch specials are great.  Mint chicken is amazing.  Restaurant is clean, service is good.  Probably the best Thai in LV!
Guacamole is yummy!!!! :DI LOVE coming here to eat breakfast on the weekends. It's the perfect place to eat if you have a hangover too (Menudo), quiet, and no wait if you go between 9am-11am.... So my favorite meal to eat is JUEVOS RANCHEROS $9.. Now I must warn you, they give a very big proportion of food no matter which plate you get. I recommend either one of these plates: the NOPALES, JUEVOS RANCHEROS, CHILAQUILLES, AND you have to try A SIDE OF GUACAMOLE. Their guacamole is made a little differently than most places, no tomatoe, but diced onions and cilantro- YUM!! Aside from the good food, the staff is super friendly, helpful, and always on top of things like filling up your drink, getting you napkins or picking up your plate. You're most likely going to spend about $8-$16 per plate, a little pricey, but well worth it I think :)
Out of this world delicious! The chips and bean dip were incredible.  They make fresh tortillas and you see them do it. The Chimichunga was huge and so freaking good. Have a snack tomorrow. Oh and I forgot about the Pina Coladas in a pineapple. Going back in May!!
Bland Bland Bland! Service was good but food and drinks (mojito) were bland!!! We went to have a date night at Casa Don Juan and sadly my husband and I were disappointed, coming from San Diego and spoiled by amazingly authentic Mexican food; nothing here had any flavor. From the salsa for the chips (it had heat) beans were bland and if you order a tamale, that is exactly what you get a steamed tamale with nothing and hardly any meat. My husband had the chimichanga platter and it was bland boiled chicken fried in a tortilla. The mojito taste like lime juice over ice... Very disappointing
Outstanding food! Great service! Super excited for the new Summerlin location!I would recommend the Cadillac margaritas. BEST MARGARITAS IN VEGAS PEOPLE!And as for food, I would have to say the Carnitas (#10) is what I usually order and it never fails. Me and my family will definitely be returning soon!!!!
Fantastic customer service! Try Juan's specialty margarita! The food is mediocre at best. I just wish the food was parallel to the service. Then I can give it 5 stars. Don Juan didn't leave a good first impression so I probably won't go back.
Twice in one week no lettuce for the tacos terrible customer satisfaction! !  :-(  Never been to any other Jack in the Box with issues like this store.
No stars! Two boners down!! This place is terrible and depressing. A "free drink" if you are playing any games will cost you at least $40. Just buy the drinks, or even better... Go somewhere else, their machines never pay out. You probably have better chances playing megabucks or lottery tickets.
The people that work here are slow and complete idiots. They don't care about customer service. I live so close, so I'm here on a regular basis. Bombarded by the tech guys as you walk in, "NO, I don't want to learn more about DIRECT TV!" and you can never find anyone who is willing to help you locate anything. I watch, what appears to be the managers or some sort of administrators, strut around with their radios in and out of the scores of customers in two check out lines. There is no such thing as a quick trip to Sam's Club. With the staff at this location, it's not a shopping trip, it's a day long adventure. Do yourself a favor, drive to the store on Rainbow and the 215. Better staff, cleaner store, and more compitant managers.
My usual car reccomended this place when my work schedule changed. Super nice folks. Fast and quality work for a great price. It's nice to see people willing to take the time to do the job well. They also handled the chips in my windshield super fast and warranty the repairs.
This is a really cool place. Very clean and the staff are all really nice. The villas are really big and very clean. Most if not all rooms has a Jacuzzi tub and a balcony that's a really nice size. I recommend this place to anyone.
Tried them for the first time. Excellent! Will def be using them again! We ordered the whitey pizza. They're just missing the crushed pepper packs and Parmesan packs.
The most rude and unwelcoming customer experience ever!!!! Not at all acknowledged upon entering or exiting. Went to the counter to engage in dialogue concerning and item and was completely ignored as if I did not exist at all. Made a point to pass every employee in the store just to see and to no surprise....the only acknowledgement I got was a guy who said "excuse me" for me to move out of his way to move a piece of furniture past me down the aisle!  I can certainly take my business elsewhere as I recommend you all do the same!!!!
Don't leave home without your patience.  This place is busy.Busy day in the Emergency room. In/out in 5 hours. Employees were stressed - not friendly - just there putting in time. Areas of the ER had trash on the ground - floors needed cleaning.
They don't take reservation. Always first come first serve and there is always a wait. If you have something planned after , be there early !! For a party of 3 and more the wait time is normally 30min. The food is yummy and fast. Personally I don't really like special rolls, I think Nigiri is the real sushi but the spider rolls here are really good! When it comes to service, some servers are really good at what they doing, friendly and welcoming, however some servers are not. Some of my bestfriends mentioned that they were treated very rude last time they were there. Some of the fish didn't taste fresh but the server basically said eat it or else he would charge them extra.
Sales person was very knowledgeable and helpful. They have beautiful piecesTried on a 12,000 braceletIf only I could afford it, would be envy of all the ladies
Fast great service with good prices We had batteries replace . It was done well. So if you are looking for a great place with fair pricing go here
getting a free donut!Always been a fan of this place. well. Krispy Kreme Donuts.. yyyuuuummmyy!!Especially getting them right from krispy kreme (not chevron) they are fresh and still warm.  the regular, glaze is my favorite.. then the chocolate glaze..They even have this new donut and ice cream type thing. looks delish, haven't gotten to try it yet. but i soon will! The is always friendly. and quick, as quick as they can be.
Yummy, soft and fresh donughnuts. Loads of varieties and softer than those available at dunkin
Wonderful job and fun staff! I got a full gel set and my sister got a gel manicure.  The staff were entertained by our shananagins.  We walked from the South Point hotel. Would recommend this place to anyone coming to Vegas.
Wonderful food. Best chicken Parmesan and lasagna we have had in a long time.  The service was excellent.  This place is open 24 hours so after a night at the casinos you can come here and get a great meal.  During dinner hours I suggest a reservations.  We got here just before dinner and by the time we had our meals the place was packed with people waiting to get in.
Amazing food!  Amazing staff! Amazing talent and atmosphere! Can't wait to go back! We celebrated the new year in class! This was such a lovely venue and great time!
Very romantic, quality, great service- 2 can share a plate easily- Best bread ever-----------------------------------------------------.
Love love this place food amazing! Living entertainment! So fun! Must come!! Bathrooms are very clean the pictures on the wall are so cool! Old Vegas all the way!!!!
Great food and service with amazing entertainment! Monday night is Karaoke make sure and reserve early it fills up..
Very very good! I felt like I was back on Long  Island,NY. Well done MAMA! The crust was perfect, the cheese was right on and the sausage was real! No crap sausage crumbles in this place. Delivery was very prompt and courteous.i personally recommend this pizzeria!
Very friendly, very clean, and very quick! I love "this subway". I will return often(:
If anything I love the csi looking cast in the pharmacy. Enhance enhance enhance. Dive through is fast just watch out for the intersection coming out. Parking lot needs some stop signs. Hell it's vegas every where needs them. The photo center has some great staff that can point out how to get the best deals. Made a photo book for my parents and it came out fairly decent
Great store Great sale and Excellent Pofessional customer service they ROCK!!!!! " """""""""""""""""""""""""""""" I hate yelp " sometime I am a man of few words. I'm straight to the point. And for yelp to tell me it's to short go to Hell your not paying me  . BOSE IS #1 there I said it. Sorry BOSE for going off on yelp. Note I will repost this on all my to short reviews!!!!! I'm doing a screen shoot of this and repost to my 175,000.00 people following me on TW-FB MYS. HI5. Blkpnt. IN. ING. HOPE YOUR HAPPY YELP
Not too bad just scattered selection. I always try to find a good pick up but it's always like Russian Roulette.
Billy got me all sorted out with my humidor currently being seasoned. I get to take it home Saturday- Billy & Dylan Rock!!
Great store... Good selection... Will definitely be a regular stop for me when I need a few good sticks...
Everything in here is over price. I was looking for pee pads for our dog package of 20 was 30 . Walked out went to Ross had them for 10 dollars for 20. Then I was going to buy a pillow for him but that was over price it was 25 dollars Ross had it for 12 dollars .
Happy hour 2-6 mon-fri$3 well drinks $3.50 domestic drafts$3.99 breakfast and lunch starting at $4.95
Great service!!! I have always had a great experience with this location. They never try and tack on unnecessary services and explain everything to me.
What a great place.  They have the best pizza in town.  Make sure to try this place!  They also make a great Greek salad.  Would also recommend the cheese sticks.
Peppered shrimp is awesome with brown rice and fresh asparagus!  This is my go to place for a lunch on the go.  The staff is friendly and always willing to let you sample the dishes and pick a new favorite.  Cleanest Panda I've been to and cool/chic decor.
Time for Breakfast :). For some reason i never really like Denny's but my BF insist on having breakfast here because when we ate @ Denny's California he love it me thinking it would be the same but i guess NOT (atmosphere probably different ) hehe!
Always good service and great food! I am a regular here and the staff are always so friendly.  I would definitely recommend this place.
Tonight 13:50 minutes to get a drink and I think three people are playing. You need to bring a drink if you play here. Amazing I got yelled at for taking a picture but poor service is OK.
We met a couple of friends for breakfast here at the Cracked Egg.  This is a place they bring friends for the first time.  So, how could we say "NO"... I'm glad we didn't.  We looked over the menu and everything looked great.  I ended up with a skillet filled with pork.  Can't go wrong.  The bottom was covered with home potatoes then came the eggs and pork.  I decided to get toast as I knew I would finish Michele's coffee cake.I would definitely come back again for breakfast.Can get coffee cake with meal.
Great service! Breakfast was tasty and you must try the coffee cake. Small local resturant with home feel.
One of my favorite breakfast places to come to when in Las Vegas. They know what over medium is for eggs and well toasted for the toast means. Been coming here for the last couple of years since I found it on Yelp.
A favorite place to start and stop our bike rides! Great coffee... good seating!! My friend s like the breakfast offerings... especially the skinny bagels with spinach and eggs. I like that they give senior discounts!
Got my order pretty fast and all the employees were friendly. Came in at lunch time and even though there were about 10 people in line ahead of me it all moved pretty quickly. After I ordered it was about 5 minutes to pay and get my food. I'll for sure go back to this place.
Dive bar with a very rude bartender. I asked him to turn up the music a little, and in jest I said what do I have to do buy a round for everyone to get it louder? I went back to shooting pool, add the music remained the same. When I went to settle up he had charged me for four shots. He charged me for a round of shots for his friends. Another patron informed me that after I walked away they all did a round of shots that were put on my tab. If he was going to do that he could have told me and included me at least. Besides not turning up the music, he charged me to give his friends shots when he knew I was not serious.
The Customer service from the sales clerks is always friendly and helpful. Questions are answered quickly.
Great food and service. My family and I go every chance we get. We love the breakfast  burritos and the chicken tamales .
Great value! The 20inch sub could feed 4 people! Massive.Had the cheesesteak, it was a tad dry but other than that it was fabulous. The buliding gets a little crowded kind of quick.Was a little confused on where to place the order.
Sandwiches by this chain is always #BOOM,  but certain serving staff not so much...There is nothing on menu I don't like and so happy to find that great sandwich place you can always count on!!
They do a great job cutting my 3 year old son's hair. Great with kids! And I love that you can check in online.
Delish!!  Great generals chicken, we always order from them.  They deliver quickly and are super friendly when we go there to eat.
Delish!!  Great generals chicken, we always order from them.  Ordered and within 20 minutes it was at our door about 10 minutes from the restaurant. Great service!!
The baristas are always friendly! It's always a plus when they suggest new drinks or help you get a drink you love in an alternative form to lower the calories!  Ashley is always in high spirits and always say hello when we stop by!
Mark is amazing! He is nice and funny and gives great costumer service!! He should be employee of the year!
terrible work bait and switch what can I say!  had tires installed manager quoted me a price then changed it when I came in.  now I made him stick to the price originally he said tire mounter was broken.  after arguing with him then he proceeded to dismantle the wrong tires.  took one tire off ruined it that I was planning to keep.  Jose the mechanic has a big mouth,  like to argue you with customers.  I would give them a 0 rating if that was possible there terrible!
I stumbled upon this Midas by accident and I'm glad I did. Excellent prices on oil changes of all types and great customer service on top of that. Free WiFi  bottled water and coffee add to the experience. And on top of all that I've never had to wait long albeit the middle of the week. Trust the Midas Touch.
Quick service to get international drivers license!Went to AAA rather late in the afternoon, hoping it was still open, and I was in luck.  My errand to get an International Driver's License was attended to immediately, and took no longer than the actual time for me to fill out the form, make my $15 payment, and have the document printed out.  It was very efficient, and couldn't have been easier.
aaa/csaa  auto insurance is a defective product .a word from the wiseWhen you shop to buy a product you look at the benefits the product will provide.Then you make your decision Of course your decision can be swayed be the insurance sales people  called agents . They explain  the insurance concept and show you information about how each product can solve the problem when filing a claim,But agents dont have on their welcome to our insurance  brocher or they themselves wont tell you is  their are actual customer complaint graphs  , websites and blogs (that you need to read  ) trying to spread the information  to people having to buy (forced by our goverment /states ,dmv)auto insurance  complaints . Complaints after complaints  making sure that you understand that you can lose out you hard earned income money and all the interest you pay the bank when buy a car. when you have an accident. The problems that arise are .insurance controling every $ they spend fixing the problem/repair and dening some of the repair .Controling how long you can have your rental and dening you the  full car rental coverageTotaling your car.Dening you , cause you dont have proper coverage.Dening you cause your damage was not related to your accident.Dening you cause the problem already existed before the accident.Dening you cause the accident was your fault.And raising your payments when you were at fault even if you couldnt prevent it. Even a policeman can write up a wrong report cause of bad information and blame you for the accident and make your insurance payments go up.And still many more .Auto insurance companies control how much they will pay the repair shop by giving them insurance job's .These shops that except these jobs are getting paid  little to nothing for their work but take the jobs to supplement their income . Insurances adjusters sent from your insurance claim have take look at the damage and give the estimate to the  shop .at the point of meeting  the owner of the shop and the adjuster becomes friends with the owner of the shop .They take care of business but also laugh it up  and can become real good friends.So if I have an accident and the insurance company Tells me to take my car to the an auto shop I preferr or take the car to one of their guaranteed shops. BE CAREFULLThis means the auto insurance company  is making you do the work and YOUR deciding what to do .INSTEAD OF THEM. Thats a trickThey should take your car and have it fixed and deliver it to you ready and done .Instead what happens is nobody ever drives you car to evaluate the condition of damage .Your the only one knows that damage conditionnow your stuck with dealing with the body shop employees and explaining to them whats wrong with you carBut in the back of their mind the body shop estimator already knows what is going to be excecpted by your insurance adjuster .So the body shop estimator wont write down all that you see wrong with your car after being  in an accident. He will say .I will look at it .So not everything will get repaired all the time when its time to pick your car up.So lets pretend your picking up your car at the body shop and you notice something isnt right you complain and the body shops employee or oener that you hire says to you not all repairs were accepted  by your auto insuranceCall them and complain to them .Then the insurance adjuster say its been denied we can only fix some of it. We will send you a letter explainingSo now your complaint to the body shop who fixed your  your broken damaged car is not responsible for making your car run like it used to run before the accident .so the complaint has be with your auto insurance that will not spend anymore than thats on their budget to fix and repair your particular car.So you lose out. The body shop and the auto insurance adjuster teamed up against you without you knowing . (Cause now their friends)You have no control of the process. Only a black hat team thats works out of an office controlling the system against you.what the agent selling you auto insurance didnt tell you  that there are all kinds of ways to lose out If you try to fight your own Insurance company  forget it .they will fight you tooth and nail and the web reports say that insurance companies always win against their customersThey hire high $ attorney's  that  make our regular attorney's performance sick.I your fighting and complaining against your Auto Insurance companies they prefer you to sue them in court cause they know they will win.  Thats how they are geared.You dont see that on the brochure  because if you did see that you wouldnt buy it . What does the word INSURANCE mean?
"We don't have crispy chicken because we are closing in two hours." OMG hahahaha. This crew needs serious re-training. No wonder they have 1.5 stars.
The worst Chinese food I've ever had don't waste your time or money. Will never go back my wife and I were sick all night.
Always have stuff in there for way cheaper than you could get it somewhere else!!!! A little cluttered sometimes but worth the hunt!
Being a former employee I will never step foot in the establishment again. The fact I know how they really treat you as an employee is rude and disgusting.
I've stayed in enough off-the-strip casinos so you'd think I'd remember to not get a room on the first floor ... The smell of smoke is horrendous!Some of the rooms have been updated but we got 2 rooms that have definitely seen better days. Our friends stayed here as well and they got a sleek and modern room; ours was so dumpy compared to theirs! Back to the 2 rooms we had: I noticed the heavy smell of smoke right away but my husband didn't complain of it until the next morning so we ended up getting moved to the 3rd floor. All of our clothes/luggage smelled by then. That's one thing I certainly do not miss after moving out of Vegas- the constant smell of smoke.Listen, for off the strip but only 10 minutes away, the rates are cheap at $36 for weeknights. The pool is a decent size and they have bar service. The restaurants are decent; over priced but then again so is every casino restaurant. I think the addition of the Asian restaurant will be a hit when it's complete. The cafes are decent and have a huge menu, you'll find something you like but again all over priced. Starbucks was sold out of breakfast wraps & sandwiches each morning (by 9am on a weekday?). The gelato stand was our favorite and conveniently located near the hotel room elevators ... Dang it! If you need a late night snack though, you can head to the Mexican cafe - it has sliders, BLT's, tacos, etc. at a cheap price. Bar service (where the mermaids are) is hit or miss ... You have to get the attention of an employee usually - they are dressed like the cast of Mama Mia - you won't miss them, trust me, lol. There is a condo/timeshare high rise under construction right now, it is not part of the hotel - completely separate owners/management. The front desk informed us their casino is likely to become more crowded once the building is done since they won't offer any restaurants or gaming. The Silverton will need to step up its game to accommodate that type of increase.
I came for the Con Funk Shun concert and I loved it! They performed my favorite songs!! The group signed autographs, took pictures, I had so much fun!
Top notch. Good food. Cold beers. Went there after work and had a good time. Ask for Bernice she's the best!
I love this place, very friendly service! Very attentive staffs, produces are fresh and reasonable price
I don't know about the night crew. I order chicken tacos. The cook dropped my tacos in the grease and proceeded to scoop raw carne asada from a drawer that had the metal scoop already in it. After butting the scoop back in the meat and placing it on the grill he starts putting lettuce and cheese on my tacos. Uhhh. No. No. No bro. That's not gonna work. I told the person behind the counter and rather than address the issue and offer to make it right he flat out asked if I wanted my money back. Rude! I sure do tho.
Take for ever to be attended .... Not that friendly... Not recommended.............:.///
Real NY style pizza by way of Bay Ridge , Brooklyn.  You can't go wrong in this one. It's got the feel and the taste of NYC inside.  You'll meet real NYC people in there just like I did.
Well what can I say! Really good pizza!! People are friendly and great customer service.
Upgraded to a suite...sweet!Here at buffet day after Thanksgiving, crab legs! Use points and it cost Brian and me 10 bucks (usually 40). Great deal,  the buffet is one of the best we've gone to
Worst Valet service in the whole valley. A joke to wait 30 minutes for a car at this dump. As a local I will not come here again. Did I mention I gave 5 bucks going in? I'm guessing that's not a normal tip therr
Just got here...ill be back to tell you all about it...What a great dinner this was, cucumber shrimp risotto, braised short ribs and a sampler dessert...tiramisu, canoli and brownie! I left full and completely satisfied. The risotto was one of the best dishes I have ever had. I would recommend Spiedini to anyone in the Vegas area...I will definitely be a return customer!
They're clearing out a lot of stuff so the store is rather empty. New stuff comes mid March. I didn't know they did this massive sale on furniture, and depending on what you're looking for it could be the right/wrong time. I don't know how often they do this, but I guess if you come around mid Feb they probably will just be starting it.This visit we needed to find a recliner for grandma and they were all out of those... boo.The sales person was really helpful though and got on a tangent about our bed from here sinking and he gave us a card with the number to call so see if someone can go check it out and possibly replace it. Not what we were looking for, but in the past we've found things here so it's a A-OK stop for home things.
The service is really good, they're on top of it. The menu selection is huge and breakfast is served all day. My favorite is the pot of bread and the constant new flavors. For instance, they have eggnog pot of bread for the Holidays and its divine! I come here at least once a week.
***Local Vegas Breakfast Spot***#LocalFlavorThere is a basket of Juicy Fruit and Big Red Stick gums at the hostess counter to sweeten up your taste buds before or after breakfast because guess what? I did pick up a stick or two to chew on while waiting about 20 minutes before and another stick after an awesome meal.I've ordered their Irish Skillet which consist of corn beef hash, bell peppers, onions, potatoes scrambled with eggs and melted cheddar cheese, it didn't disappoint! I know a good skillet meal when I try one when it all just melts in my mouth, but hey the potatoes on these were not dry but almost light as butter, the scramble mesh well the all the toppings that made it a hearty meal for me. Addition to the experience my wife's Ruben Benedict was delicious! English muffin topped with corned beef, two poached eggs covered with hollandaise sauce? whats in that sauce?! it was creamy and it added some flavor, the corned beef was sizzlin'! and I love corned beef!No coffee this time! but I've ordered the specialty Mexican Cinnamon Hot Chocolate/no whip cream which was good it's almost a horchata, just not as sweet. On the side, I recommend giving their Bacon Ranch Pot of Bread a try! It's a small bread with bacon bits pouched inside with butter spread, very tasty along with the softness core to bite in.The ambience inside is like one of those old school diners with spacious booth seating and of course awesome service. Our server reminds me of some lady in the Simpsons because she had that friendly lovely voice.I highly recommend this spot to do away classy Vegas eats for breakfast time.
Great food and service! Place is small but comfortable. As soon as we sat down we had someone come to us for drinks. I will definitely go back to try some of the other menu choices.
I got the corned beef hash, it was good...very good; and you I got a free raisin pot-o-bread just for checking in on yelp!  So worth it!
Coffee and pot of bread great....service is bad!!! Breakfast took 2 hours!!  Food was just ok. Had to ask for to go box twice and then it was thrown on table! Our bus person Jose was the nicest person there! Probably won't go back.
Excellent food. Good size portions. Friendly staff. Gotta love it! They remember my husband and I each time we come in and always know just how to help us make the difficult decision of what to eat each time cause everything is so good.
Our new bfast hangout ..great pancakes and waffles selection and even greater lunch menu ! We had Eggs and pancakes with Nutella ..Its pancakes with Nutella topping ..I should have tried pumpkin pancakes ..French pressed coffee was a nice option ..chicken club sandwich was great ..we saw a lot of tables ordered waffles and chicken ..so must be their thing ? Oh..if u check in on Yelp and showed it to your server you get a free pot of bread ..we got the blueberry one super yummy  ..if u like the additional 10% off your bill, post of Facebook or Twitter too
Jessie is the best bartender ever... I would have given myself more stars if there was an opportunity
Love that the company is adding  more organic options.  Favorite items are Muffalattas and gumbo as they are very rare at restaurants in this city.  I always see cleaning behind the counters,  and dining area before I leave.   Salad bar looks good.  Friendly staff.
Great food, busy busy place. Good service. Lettuce wraps are amazing. Fried dumplings outstanding. Great selection of beer. Lo Mein noodles were hohum
Bad customer service from this location. Server forgot the rice and sauces...Mgr said he would do something for us in light of our sever,  who's mind was flying sky high. But didn't do jack shit. Lots of lip service but NO action.Had to remind our server what we needed several times. Come on dude, do your freakin job. Place was not busy at all. We saw him just talking with the hostess up front with no care in the world. I had enough and said give me the freakin check and we got the hell out.Too bad the service at this location straight up sucks.It didn't live up to the service other locations we are accustomed to.
The usual at any Home Depot..... When u need help no one is around to help lol. Lowes has much better service.
Great customer service.  Always get you in and out as quickly as possible.   Employees are on top of issues and polite.
Great price, great service, and very quick and efficient! Even reset my monitor lights, highly recommended, also gives you lifetime rotation!
Service is excellent. Will recommend to everyone. The lobby is clean. And they are straight up with pricing no bs. I am a very satisfied customer.
Service was worse than bad.
Great power hour on Saturday!!! They have Guinness on draft. Yessssss! The bartender even put the sound on for the game we are watching!!! Great neighborhood bar!!!
Had a great second visit! We even got a room with a beautiful fish tank! The wait wasn't bad and everyone was very nice again. We love our visits to the vet.
We tipped them frugally. We ordered two things in the beginning that still haven't come yet & people have ordered water and it still hasn't arrived. They only gave us two menus when there were five of us in the beginning and there were a full stack of them at the front. I asked for a menu and had to wait 20 minutes for it and had to ask three different people for it and another one twice. They get 3 for their happy hour though.
Great sushi.....cute atmosphere! Fresh food! A must try!  First time trying this restaurant and im always alittle skeptical when it comes to freshness, but this place was not short on service and the server was very pleasant and the food is so good!
The service was really great. Food great as well. I had the crazy jalapeño roll it now one of my favorites!!
I love the lunch special best. Just need 9.99. Red dragon is very delicious . Salmon skin sala very good. I come every week
Coming here before Christmas happy holiday* Nick is nice and did my Nails perfect :) thank u so much*
Was very clean and had a great staff and amazing prices ! Found my new nail spot !also great selection of colors . They have a loyalty point program for loyal customers . Was very happy with my mani and pedi. Can't wait to come back with my friends !
Friendly service, clean place, always helpfull. I always use them to send packages and never had a problem.
Fast service at the pick up, delicious pizza and wings. No need for so many bad reviews. Go yourself and check it out.
Very nice place and the pastor is very funny.. Love how they have a guy in golf cart that take you from the parking lot to the church especially in the heat lol.. I drove by this place tons of times for years and so glad finally stop in.
These guys are fucking amazing.  Best attorneys ever.  They did all the work and we're incredibly helpful.  They helped me get the help I needed to recover from my injury and handled all the details to gwt me a fair settlement.  Highly recommend for any personal injury needs.
Honestly can't go wrong with anything on the brunch menu. I was just here last Sunday and ordered the Egg's Benedict "Oscar" style. I have to say although the entire menu is enticing, I ordered the Benedict Oscar again because it was that good! They do seem a little short staffed on the patio, but since I like to have a leisurely brunch on Sundays I didn't mind. Most tables have a reasonable amount of shade so your not dying of heat. I Will probably be making regular visits here for sure.
Awesome service !! Appetizers are A1 I've told so many people about this lil hidden gem... If ur looking for a cool, cozy place to chill with friends, this is your place...
In the grand scheme of fast food all I have to say is not bad not bad at all sure does beat the crap out of McDonald's or Burger King curly fries were pretty darn decent
Hanna is awesome! Very friendly people and great service! They even put on a funny movie for me to watch
A lot cheaper than Ted Weins across the street. Service is friendly lobby is clean.  Great check in specials and discounts. I think I found my new spot!
Fast service and cheap prices!! Will come here again. It is located right by my house and the freeway, so it is easy to get to for most people. I downloaded the app since it said you can get a free oil change when you do so I will definitely be coming back to use that.
Got car back right away. Clean waiting area. Stormy are amazing. Chevy is also great! Chevy is also great! Oil Change is only 24.99 for a 5w20 Oil Change.
We take all of our cars here. There always very friendly and do a fantastic job!! Never have to worry about them over charging either.
Excellent customer service and amazing techs! Definitely recommend! The front gentleman explained everything thorough and was reasonable priced.
Pretty good pizza with a decent staff. They usually don't dissapoint. Great thing about this place too is that there are always coupons going on.
Dave the bartender is the man. Great guy. Great service. Food is decent and they have a great happy hour.
Fastest pharmacy staff!! They are so nice and quick. I love going there especially when things are on sell!
Really good price for sashimi and sushi.Worth to give it a try.Better make reservation so shorter the wait time.Food is delicious.
I won't go anywhere else. This place is the best bar none. There's plenty of parking and they take such good care of their clients.
Awesome deal and quick delivery.  They have a good selection that fit every budget.  Go in and take a nap on all the different levels of firmness.
Best pedicure ever! Try the cucumber pedicure with Wendy!  This was the best pedicure I've ever had.  $65 but trust me it's worth it.  Over an hour long and SUPER cooling and relaxing.  Wendy was amazing, I definitely recommend booking with her.
If you want to wait in line forever. This is the place to be.  All these registers, but only have 2 to 3 open and of course the slowest cashiers.
Best amusement park on the history of amusement parks to be honest, it's way better then Disney world
East Brunch! The food was amazing!! The vibe was great! Most definitely can't wait to go back for round 2!
When you sit out side it smells like poop. Smh I would never come back again. Why would make people sit out side if you know it smells like poop??
Too expensive for such mediocre food! I understand, that to some extent, that buffets generally don't put out 5 star food but there comes a point where the price you are paying is not worth the food. Even if you're going solely for the fresh seafood, in the end, (unless you are a marathon eater) there is no way you could possibly eat the value of food that you were being charged for. As a repeat customer from the past, even then the buffet was pricey but tolerated because of the fresh seafood. With the recent rise in price that is no longer the case.
Some have knocked the service here but on our visit the staff bent over backwards for us. They were attentive but not overbearing.The food was good. We had the tom sum (papaya salad) and it was plentiful and tasty. Not as spicy as I have had at other places, but flavorful. The panang duck was tasty as well - nice thing about duck is it is fattier than chicken so can take some overcooking, and I think mine was a bit over. It was complimented by plentiful broccoli, carrots, and snow peas. The sauce had a good level of heat for me - which is to say, spicy but not too spicy. I asked for 2 on their 4 star heat scale.The prices are a bit higher than I find in Winston-Salem, but the restaurant is between the Carolina Medical Center and UNCC so I would expect to pay more and the portions are generous.I would definitely go back if I find myself in the area again.
Improv in the basement!Oh, pizza is alright too. Salads are where it's at for me though, here.
Best Chicago-style pizza in town!!!!!If you are in town you should go here!!!! The pizza is just amazing!!!!
Best stuffed pizza ever. Ate there last night after many years. Pizza was as wonderful as I remembered.
Great coffee and friendly staff! We went there after dinner so we didn't try any of the food, but maybe we will the next we are passing through town.
It features a retro style internet connection and a playlist of annoying pop songs. Coffee is just average. Wouldn't recommend this place as a good study place.
Get here early & grab a beer or glass of wine then u wait :)Showing up early is key for this famous and popular pizzeria.  Our neighbors in CA recommended Pizzeria Bianco and we had to try it.  They open at 5pm so show up around 4pm and get in line.  While you wait (here's the genius idea on their part) you can grab a drink at their bar, which is just next door.  I love the crust.  It's chewy and has a great bite.  The menu is small but satifying.  The flavors are clean and fresh.  Just good old traditional Italian pizza.  I had the Biancoverde with proscuitto.  It's divine!  My husband had the Wiseguy - it seems to be a favorite among the guys.  The pizza is cooked in a traditional wood fire oven.  The ingredients are simple but the execution is wonderful.  It's all about clean fresh quality ingredients.
Good, not great. And damn expensive. The pizza is about 12 inches in diameter. We got half and half with margherita and wise guy. Both of them were good but IMO really thin. Even slightly burnt too. It was about $18 too, which I didn't feel was worth the money. It was something new for me but it isn't mind blowing like most reviews say
Good pizza. Will return. The service was really good.  I had the biancoverde pizza and it was the favorite at our table.
One of the best pizzas I have ever had. And I'm from the east coast. Even if there is a long wait you must try this pizza! Go next door and enjoy a glass of wine while you wait.
Chicken Marsala was awesome. Entire meal and experience was exquisite! Not just good steak.
Reserve the pool area for 35 guests early in the year. The catering was excellent.
Great food in the hood.  I was here many years ago and forgot about this little place.  Very casual and loads of Tequila... What's not to like
Omg. What a fantastic place!!!!The roasted almond sauce is out of this world.Not much more to say.
Amazing place mac n cheese,pudding burger and coffees are to die for. Good vibes and very relaxed place. Even though it's hidden and a bit hard to get to it's well worth it. For sure will be coming back again.
Cool ambiance and the quiche was really good! The coffee cake was a little dry. My mom and I went and got 2 quiches, coffee cake and coffee and it was $13. Very reasonable!
Great coffee! Just a little hard to find but glad we did. Doesn't look like anything from the street but is all going on inside. A little more streetside advertising would certainly help us out-of-towners find the place. Obviously the locals have no trouble!
Very chill, good coffee, friendly service and fast! Definitely will be returningFor such a big, popular place like this they should be able to afford more than 2 stalls bathroom js
Best coffee I've ever had. Love the staff and the atmosphere!! It's so hipster chic but amazingly low key!!!! I love almost anything they make. You really can't go wrong with anything they have to offer!!! The music is a bit too loud and it's the only thing I would change!!! It's a difficult place to bring someone on a first date because you almost have to scream to talk. But hopefully the music can turn down and this place will become unstoppable!!!
Had the iced caramel latte and it tasted too milky..was not impressed. Haven't tried any of their pastries but they visually looked good. Maybe JUST maybe I'll give them another try but the parking is way too crowded.
Awesome drinks with a great view Also, is there a fairy in the kitchen? How do they make vegan pastries so delicious!?
Excellent Mexican food, clean and decent prices for the amount of food.  Will definitely be returning.
Food was good, staff was nice.  Margarita was mediocre.  This off the beaten path little place was great for my out of town group.  I would suggest the shredded beef chimichanga.  It was pretty good!
No good service. And good was not good and house margarita was nasty. I won't be back
This place is gross! I will never come here again! Not authentic! The food had no flavor! Whomever says this place has spicy food has never eaten chilli!! Not a fan of the New Mexican style food! I do give them the one star for their margaritas!!! Yummy! No bueno for the food and I've had it about three times already! Always disapointed!!!
It was just ok. Not worth all the hype. Order took a while. Food was eh. Even if I lived around here, I prob wouldn't come back
Best food in the valley! You must like spicy food. Service is great! Margaritas are strong     and beer is cold. I order the beef chimi with red sauce. You can not go wrong here!
Best Mexican restaurant in mesa! Good service delicious food and love the spice!they are very generous in the serving and a lot of flavor in everything ! Love chips and salsa (free btw). yes i recommend it!
food is spicy and has loads of flavor will come back again and try the other items as well
Great food and awesome atmosphere! The staff is really nice. The food is good and not too expensive. They have Late night happy hour! from 11pm to Midnight!
Best Mai tai in Arizona. The food is great, service is spectacular.  You have to try the roasted artichoke and any of the burgers. Primo place to take the family.
The macadamia but encrusted goat cheese is to die for!! Salads as well Leap of faith drink is amazing!! As was our server Brandon!
Amazing service, amazing atmosphere and AMAZING food. If youre in this area and looking for a great experience for yourself and your taste buds, tommy bahamas is the place! A simple chicken sandwich was heaven on earth with lime hinted sauces and spicy undertones. Definite must.
John our server was the bestA hit all aroundBirthday fun day!Crab cakes, coconut shrimp, Ahi Poke and blacken fish tacos were the fare.Mai tai with Flor De Can are the best
ALWAYS great service with Miro and yummy food!  We love it here!!!  We love all their dishes.  Our favorites are the Char-grilled Filet Mignon Salad and the Blackened Ahi Tuna Salad.  We also love the Crab Bisque and Ahi Poke Napoleon appetizer.  But everything we've tried here had been delicious, that's why we keep coming back!
4 for coffee and brunch food. Great coffee and expresso. Food is brunch and very good. Try quiche, potatoes, tuna sandwich awesome. Say a 4 for basic brunch food and drinks.
Delicious. Quick and friendly. Did I mention delicious.  Salsa verde eggs, protein cakes and a Lox scramble.
Great atmosphere and great food! People are super friendly and I love how creative and accommodating the people are here!
AAA DISCOUNTS  saved some money...management was helpful; but the room offered for upgrade wasn't ready by the arrival time.I didn't wish to wait around with the fiance for unknown hours til ready for the king size with fridge so took a queen w/ a fridge, still an upgrade  but not what was told I got booked for.Yet, I did get the fridge accommodation and slight upgrade at no additional charge.CHEAPEST rates I found were here at the time.
A smoker's delight.  The suite smells like an ashtray and the HVAC blows second hand smoke in my room.  There were college kids partying in the hallways til about 4 am.  The casino is a smokey hell hole.  ON the plus side, it was pretty cheap and the pool was nice.
Worst fucking valet line ever. Even with a sign the lane is apparently "not for valet". I see no valet drivers either even though the security guy told me valet is still open!As for the casino, this is the creepiest hotel resort I have EVER been to on The Strip! Like the Circus Circus, it caters primarily to the hillbilly and redneck tourists. Anyone who is not missing all but their front two incisors are either passing by or headed to the rides and bungee jumps at the very top of the casino.Often you can gauge the quality of a hotel's clientele by the looks of the cocktail waitresses. If they look fucking old or octogenerian, and still wears the company-standard uniforms that shows WAY TOO MUCH (cover your fucking eyes!), then they probably cater to a group of gamblers that are mainly homeless on the penny slots. Personally, I use this place as a convenient parking spot for First Friday. The parking garage lanes are VERY confusing though. It's kind of like a very tightly wound maze that goes 20 stories up.
Not my favorite place in Vegas... Kinda reminded me of a Best Western type hotel. Did not have that Vegas "wow" factor. Will not be staying here again...
Awful service, total dump, avoid this place and all employees should be fired.  The worst in Vegas.  Total disaster!
Comfy beds, nicely cleaned, big room and big tub. Very cheap on groupon. Me and my fiancé loved everything. Even the machines were paying out. Sure it's not the venetian but we were always happy with it. I would definitely go back.
The worst hotel and casino I would never come back here again. If ur trying to save and u think its cheeper to come to this hotel ur wrong u spend on taxi even more.
Best Thai in Las Vegas.  There is a reason Chef Chutima won the the James Beard award a few times, most recently in 2011 for SouthWest best Chef.  The food here is creative and exquisite.  Simple things like the Chicken Satay, is transcended.  It had a moist and delicate taste.  One could even skip the peanut sauce on it.  The Chile spicy wings hit on a lot of notes.  It was sweet and savory at the same time.  The skin was crispy and crunchy and the meat was cooked perfectly.  The Garlic Prawns had a lot of crunch and great garlic taste, without overpowering.  It was like eating little lobsters deep fried to heavenly perfection.  The Stuffed chicken was surprising great.  It was moist and tender on the inside, with the crispy Panco crust on the outside.  The combination Fried rice was flavorful and not greasy.  The best has to be their red dip, Nam-Prik-Ong!  It the flavor profile hits on so many notes.  You can't beat pork on pork (use the pork rinds).  it starts off crunchy and salty.  Then it steps up to hit of sweet and savory.  It finishes with a spicy note at the end of the journey.  I HIGHLY recommend.  It is probably one of the best dishes on the menu.It is not located in the best area, a bit off the beaten path.  I think that is why it makes it so extraordinary.  One would not think to find such a ray of light in an otherwise shady part of town.  Having tried many Thai places, this place is on par with one of the best like Pok Pok in Portland.
Fried prawns and pad see ew all the way!Seriously, the BEST and I mean BEST thai food in the US.I've eaten a lot of thai food and mannnnnn...  I will kill my diet again for this.Thank God I don't live in Vegas cause I would eat this place out of business.
OMG this place lives up to the hype! We were one dish short and couldn't decide so we let the serer pick and he was spot on with recommending a fish dish. Note: only dinner reservations no lunch reservations. Get here early or come later after the rush. It's definitely worth the cab ride over from the strip.
This is the best Thai food , the dishes where excellent, worth the trip, we had the curry duck exquisite, garlic shrimp Wow
Great food!  My stomach was very happy and I couldn't stop eating. They serve the food fast too so you don't have to wait long. And they got a good selection of wine as well.
Este restauranteesta fuera de Las Vegas Strip, a unos 20 minutos caminando.  Pueden tomar el monoriel y parar en la ultima estacion del Norte y ahi se puede tomar un taxi.  La plaza donde esta situado se ve abandonada, pero vale la pena visitar.Muy buen restaurante, les recomiendo la sopa de coco y el sea bass con noodles.  ¡Espero regresar pronto!
"Most Important Restaurants of 2013"!  Good food, decent price, and friendly service.
Best Thai food EVER! Great service, beyond delectable food at affordable prices. Service was impeccable, even though the place was packed! I would highly recommend Lotus of Siam when in Vegas.We ordered several dishes, and shared amongst ourselves. The curries (red and green) were silky and smooth, the chili dip was amazing as an appetizer, and the dessert - fried bananas, sticky rice with mango, and coconut ice cream - topped off our delicious culinary experience here. Hats off to the hard-working staff here. They are amazing! Thank you all for a wonderful evening!
Love this place!!!  Great curry!  We thought it would be a 45 minute wait for dinner and were seated within 15 minutes.  Really good service and fantastic food.  Have been here a number of times and every experience there has been consistent and enjoyable in every aspect.
Make a reservation now. Duck, pork, beef, chicken you can't go wrong! Amazing wine selection, prompt and friendly service. Don't be thrown off by the location.
THe best.  Period!  No comparison.  Everything on the entire menu is amazing.  Make sure you call ahead for a reservation or you may end up waiting 2 hours.  The wait is worth it though.
Excellent food!! Great atmosphere!! Loved it all!! Would definitely come back and eat here again.
Best Thai food I ever had. Will go back again for sure. I read some reviews that people wait for 4 hour for a table, so we went to around 9pm last night, it only took 15 min-20min waiting time
Not bad but not great. Excellent wine selections and attentive servers. Food is a little overpriced.
Great food. Worth the wait so plan in advance. (Waited 45 min)
Crispy Duck is really good! The service was fast. The place outside looks like an abandoned place but really cool inside with a big open wine cellar! Must try!
Service is not good it was crowded loud few dronk patrons not good atmosphere.I decided to leave and I ate at my hotel room....1/2 hr later I got sick to my stomach
What a nice place , amazing food ! Im giving you guys 5 star for everythingI dont know what was salad name , but it was so great
Fun place good sushi tapenyaki. Was awesome the people we shared the table with were were fun which always helpsour chef was awesome a must do for any day of the week
Good spot..mixed crowd..music is great! I stumbled in here on a Sunday n the party still went till at least 5 am..I liked the place! Great after hours spot but it is a lil ways from the strip!
Top notch from the service to the ambiance. Order anything, it's all good! The beet salad is amongst the best I've had. I found the Chicken Kiev to be very good!
Amazing Sunday Brunch! Food and service were outstanding! The buffet was $56 per person, but well worth it! They have a variety of seafood( oysters, prawns, crab) and amazing meats! The Peking duck is a must try! Also for $50 per person you can get an unlimited Veuve champagne,which is a pretty good deal in Vegas! We had a great experience and will definitely be back!
Good service, good view and good quality. I recommend the place. It's a bit pricey but it's worth it!
Happy hour menu daily from 2 - 6.  $7 drinks and reduced prices on bar appetizers. We tried a few apps, the pretzel bites and cold shrimp. Both were very good. A visit to Emeril's isn't complete without the signature banana cream pie. Loved it! A huge portion, this can be shared, or not (recommended!)
Need more outlets to charge phones. Servers at bar not very accomodating or friendly. Food was just okay. Likely to never return since there are more options in Sin City.
Ahhhhmazing Best pork chop dinner ever Corn bread melts in your mouth. Love the atmosphere and service was top notch
Like most of The Strip restaurants located in Las Vegas hotels & casinos, the food is average and overpriced. located in MGM Grand in "The District", Emeril's is no exception. Famous chefs put their names on restaurants, start them up and then you never see them again unless a TV crew is on location. The person cooking your food was probably working at Popeye's last week. I ordered the gumbo but the portion was appetizer sized and the shrimp (not shrimps) was overcooked. On the positive side, it was very lively and looked out onto the hustle-bustle of the casino. I will not go back... not because it was bad, but because I can do better in a foodie town.
Mmmm, big fat dripping burgers...probably the best burgers ever. Ok, maybe I was just really hungry, but they were some rocking burgers. Pretty damn expensive though, but hey, you're in Vegas and they are going to get your money one way or another. ;)
Not worth the price. Kobe beef should be seasoned better. Prices are too high and the service is average
The beers are good.  Avoid the Veggie Burger, it is mushy and bland.
Great burgers , build your own has great options.  Service was great as well.The skinny fries were great and zucchini fries. Yummy.  They service is fast as well, great to eat before a show.
Get an egg on it.  Yummy.  That it's all.Really... Just saw that Yelp decided that my review is too short.  What more do you want, people?  It's yummy.  And, put a damn egg on it.Sheesh.
Really good place to eat at the Mandalay Bay. Service is excellent, food is amazing. The wait isn't long and they'll send a text to your phone so you can shop while you wait. Strawberry Mojito isn't to great, but everything else is right on.
It's ok. There are definitely better burgers out there. If you are looking for a greasy hangover burger, try something else.
Awesome burgers!Awesome drinks !! Casual placeThe fries were super yummy !Service was good Only bad thing was the bathroom was done the hallway around corner you could get lost!I had a milkshake drink that was to die for ! See pic below!
Lean with it rock with it. The seats are so comfortable! Clean nice theatreBe sure to try and get your tickets in advance instead of doing will call an hour before the showing. The lines were ridiculous! Especially since they have quite a few shows playing a night at the Rio, the lines are pretty long. Although they do have a few box offices you can go to, just be ready to stand in a long line. We got there early and expected more of a "preshow" that I was reading about online. The show however did not start on time. They claimed the computer systems were down and they wanted to allow a few extra minutes for the stragglers coming into the theatre. In the end, the theatre was completely PACKED. It's amazing that there were so many people packed into that theatre and yet the seats were completely comfortable. The show itself had it's moments. Almost every act was new to me, however make sure you do not watch any YouTube videos prior to going or it'll ruin practically every act! They did quite a few audience participation acts.. some were a bore, while others were quite entertaining. Towards the end, I began getting ansy and ready for the show to end. I could count on one hand the acts that I really remember and enjoyed. There seemed to be a lot of fillers, which I wish they did without. Beware of the loooong wait to get out of the theatre. Penn and Teller run out to the lobby area for pictures and autographs after the show. And people tend to just stand there and block the walkways to the exits. It got a little tedious and was frustrating to get around once the show ended.They tend to have discount tickets, I happened to get a BOGO. Definitely check online before purchasing! For the BOGO price it was well worth it.
Vegas. Com ticket discount !!fantastic show ....awesome ....if you come to VEGAS !!!SEE PENN AND TELLER
Very enjoyable experience. Drink before coming to the theater, drinks are $16 each!
Second time here. No reservation for Sat brunch. Surprised by no wait or line compared to the huge crowd in front of Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse next door. Wonderful meal. Everyone's happy. Including my Chinese-food-only daddy.Lunch menu is reasonably priced and super flavorful. Pleasantly surprised by the chicken skewer. Mesa burger, pork sandwich, swordfish sandwich, and shrimp taco are all yum. Even complimentary bread basket is really good.Bobby Flay is legit.
im giving this place 5 stars bc bobby flay.and i only came here because of him. BUT BESIDES THAT. everything was delicious and served up in a classy way i got the tuna nachos and my friend got the mesa burger. we both loved our food and everything was fresh and appropriate amount I'll be coming back here every time when im around. the servers were also very nice and helpful. i love you bobby
Good food but so expensive comparing For the food they serve, the service is great the margaritas need to be better although they said it was made from scratch but didn't buy that
Food is very good. Everything is clean and the service is spot on. Not typical mexican food.
Corn soup - oh my yum. And I really liked the chile relleno. Say yes to the Margarita and the bread!That said, here's a bit more detail:The corn soup was creamy - crunchy (not sure what was in it, but it gave it a great texture) and delish! Perfect - could eat it all day. Margarita - also perfection, and their was a variety of bread - sweet and savory. After all this, I did still have room for my Chile Relleno. The breading was a little too hard / crunchy in my opinion, but it wasn't so off-putting that I didn't thoroughly enjoy what was underneath. We did not get dessert - the coconut cake was being touted as the "specialty".And that's where I think the negative is with Mesa Grill - there was far too much "this is our specialty" for every course. The menu is not overly huge, and I find it a little cheesy to be telling people what to choose (unless they ask!). I did not choose any of the "specialties" and I thought my choices were perfect. Also, the service was a bit too fast. It was fine, but it felt very much like there was a focus on turning tables as quickly as possible. Ambiance was typical of a Vegas celeb restaurant - in this case, very open and comfortable seating arrangements.I would go back for sure. I might even order the same thing, and perhaps try dessert!
Delicious appetizers! Try the ahi nachos with mango habenero dressing.  Additionally, their pumpkin soup is KILLER! Love me some Bobby Flay.
Food and service was 5 Stars! Great signature drinks too. My husband loved the pork and a side of mashed potatoes which were additional.  I had a salad with a mildly spicy dressing that was the best. The mix and layers of flavor were excellent, even in their bread selection. So glad we went! I don't eat meat, my menu options were pretty limited but it did not disappoint.Only downside for me was the seating is close and a neighbor patron was so loud that I had a hard time hearing my husband across from me.
Some of the staff is courteous, some is not. Food is only OK. The rude waitstaff is passive-aggressive and overly snooty given the quality of the food. Want bread? You'll get jalapeño bread, which would be better if it didn't have jalapeños. Want to see the wine list before you order a second bottle of wine? Too bad, because the wine will come regardless.
Good and service was excellent. Top notch all the way around. I tried the rabbit since you don't see it on menus often. I think everyone enjoyed their meals and we'll certainly be back when in Vegas next. Try the Caesar salad as was. The croutons were amazing!
Very good, creative dishes. Twist on some classics. Tried the pork chop and the lamb. Both had unique sauces. The margaritas were awesome. Duck appetizer also had an explosion of flavors. Must get the banana pie for dessert.
Very pricy steak but very tasty. Large portions so you can definitely share. All the dishes are full of flavor. Bobby does not disappoint! Staff was very professional but not super friendly.
They're lucky the beer is good because the service SUCKS! Yelp said I needed to write more so I'll just say the the service REALLY sucks.
Never had a bad meal.  My family & I love this place.  Great selection of beer too.  They are also on the NoWait app so if you're on your way you can get in line and not have to wait as long when you get there.  The patio is great to sit on in the warmer weather, and they close it off when it gets colder.  Great atmosphere, great food!
Personal favorites: Tex Mex. OmeletteMorning After Tip: - don't expect good coffee- he potatoes taste best at the strip district location
I suggest the hot sausage!! One place that you should get a bite to eat if your in Pittsburgh! I suggest a Steeler football victory and a sandwich at Primanti Brothers!! All on a Sunday or Monday night!! That would be after a Steeler game! But! lucky for you, Primati's is open 24hours a day!! 7 days a week!!!
I'm a Philly Pats and Genos guy but when in Pitt nothing beat Primantis Bros. we ordered a Pitts-burger, loaded Pastrami, Loaded Cornedbeef, Loaded Cajun Chicken and a Steak ( no tomatoes ) we also also housed three ordered of cheese fries.  Took the hotel shuttle down to the restaurant and sat in the back of the left side dinning room. What a fun and nostalgic place, that has a lot of character. After we finished we walked back to the Hotel ( Residence Inn Marroit ) next to PNC Park where we watched the Pirates beat the Nats. Great game! Took us about 25 minutes to walk it and got to see a bit of the city, crossed the Andy Whorl bridge taking photos along the way. Great sandwiches and very nice people working at Primantis
The experience is amazing! I can imagine how busy this place was in the days of the steel workers!
Cool place ! Enjoyed sushi! Definitely coming back !
Delicious! Try one of the specials.. Also good is the buffet. I love kiss of fire and their aioli. All makis are good too and much cheaper. Definitely a good location for vegetarians.
I've been eating Ru Sans since 95' in Atlanta, solid and great food!  Either the lunch buffet or a delicious dinner, I am never disappointed.
Horrible service, my order came out 45 minutes after everyone else I went with. And my check came out with gratuity already included after I had complained several times about how long my food took to get out.
Weekend mornings, legit Dim Sum!Really enjoy the food here each time I come for Dim Sum on the weekends.When there's loads of Chinese people each time I come here, you certainly get the feeling that you're enjoying some authentic food.Be prepared to not know what everything is! Not that I've had food I didn't enjoy, and they are always willing to try and help you understand.Can definitely keep this under budget, and with all the small size choices rolling around you won't leave dissapointed.
The special Pho is not really special. Even when we asked for the right combination for the four of us, they brought out two small bowls that can only feed two of us.
Excellent food and service every time! I love the vegetarian options like the create your own spring rolls, hot pot, and rice noodle dishes. The staff memorize your favorites after only a couple of visits and can provide recommendations if you don't want to read the lengthy list of options.
My first time and it was GREAT!!!  The atmosphere... The PHO.... DELICIOUS!!! They have a new customer!
Yum, yum, yum!!!!! Love this places burgers!!  I have been here twice now and the service is wonderful... the wait is a tiny bit long, but if u want something yummy, u wait!!!
Try the melting pot burger! Fun college town burger place. We had a server who made great suggestions. If you are new to Wisconsin, make sure you order something with cheese!
Solid burgers and good cheese curds.  Better than expected.  Service was quick and friendly even though it was a busy night.
Where my heart lives. So much to offer. Such a wonderful place to grow up.  After moving to Chicago I realized I missed the cheese, the beer, and the hippies.
Great beer cheese dip.  Irish Stew and corn beef and Cabbage were wonderful.  You know how some Irish-American restaurants "americanize" their Irish food?  That is not this place.  Very authentic flavor and presentation.
I miss Paul. Cool guy. Sang Sinatra songs if you asked him to. RIP.  Great jukebox still. Cool bartenders.
Unique, quirky atmosphere. Laid-back vibes. Good place to relax.Yes, the Bad-Breath-Burger is amazing. As is the West of the Andes sandwich (with tuna thanks very much). If you like seared tuna as much as I do, this is a good option.Ginger beer is highly-recommended. How many places can you even order that? The service was quick and sincere.If I lived in the neighborhood, this would be one of my go-to places.
Hot Butter Rum!  That was my drink & it was wonderful!(Here endth the review!0
Good burger, slow service. It's a nice perk being close to the laundromat. The people seem pretty nice, and older crowd for a Monday night.
Huge portion of breakfast/brunch to start a day. Scrambled eggs are my favorite. But too bad they don't accept cards :(
Best breakfast place in The World...love it! The place hasn't changed since they opened their doors in 1950-somethin' ....the best.
Pretty nice for a free zoo!  I mean, who gets to go to a free zoo?  It looks like there are some great additions and renovations underway.  Madison is lucky to have such a great spot!  And so easy to get to!  (I walked!)
Wonderful food, great service, reasonable pricing. A perfect 10. I Had the avocado wrap w sweet potato fries @nd an Alaskan Amber beer to compliment this scrumptious dish. *Yum*
The management is terrible! Our server was really polite and nice - he was doing a great job. However, his manager took him to the server area (right next to our table) and I watched as the FEMALE manager reached down at his groin, and proceeded to rip items out of his apron! How she doesn't get fired for that, who knows.Then, the food - I ordered a T-Bone w/eggs over easy, and grits. I get a cold med-rare steak, and eggs that are way under done. The whites hadn't even set up. The grits were flavorless, and overcooked. I don't expect a lot from Denny's, but man, this was just bad.Well, we get the check - and the Manager saw fit to take the table away from our server. I asked our server if he was going to get the tip, and he said "No, she takes my tips all the time". I know that every restaurant I've worked at, CC tips were calculated by who the server was on the table. Since the manager's name was on the ticket, I decided to give the server his tip in cash, directly to his hand.I'll not be back to this location, ever.
$6 movies before noon, comfy seats, clean bathrooms and friendly workers.
Open till late on Saturday. Happening on weekends. Great for big crowds and also for a couple
Applitinis will mess you up, ask me how I know. Jesus was my copilot after I drank tinis.....drink & drank
One of then worse customer service experiences of my life.  I am in this industry and don't like to complain but it was that bad. Long story short took over 30 minutes not exaggerating to get our first drink. Took an hour for waitress to take our food order. Forgot drinks twice and brought wrong drinks. Messed up everything literally on a 4 top that we ordered. Ordered eagle rare on the rocks told her 3 times the order. She came back 5 minutes later asking neat or on the rocks, really?Gm or manager on duty was like her evil twin. Clueless careless and rude. After being there for an hour and half then finally getting our food and was all wrong walked up and told him how bad the experience was and he acted big didn't truly care. At the end of the day mistakes happen but not reacting and not caring about them is just plain disrespectful. Don't like to bash places or bitch about a place I've been before a lot and loved but when things are just this bad and no one even acts like they care is very disappointing
Great food and great service. Happy employees make the customers happy. Keep it up. Food came out quick and tasted great.
One of our regular spots! Try the Picasso sald! They also have a great Pazookie which is a hott cookie with ice cream on top! The atmosphere is very casual and easy going!
There is almost always parking in the underground garage by Barneys!  Shade and easy spot finding in an otherwise busy area!  Although this place is on the swankier side as far as stores that are available, it's a large mall that allows for plenty of walking around time.  This is obviously ideal in the summer considering the a/c and all of the food court offerings (including yogurt).  Side note: if you are looking for Starbucks it isn't actually inside of the mall, but outside in a stand alone location by the valet and Kona Grill / Yardhouse.  It's also a nice spot to sit in the shade with plenty of tables, chairs, and couches.  Overall: A-Wish there were a few more inexpensive locations to shop, but the mall is clean, nicely designed and has plenty of walk space.
A wide variety of stores to choose from! Nice to look around and spend some time. It wasn't overcrowded. It is a mall worth going to if you are looking for one.
way overpriced and super slow!!!!!!! we will never return!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! save your money and don't go!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No gluten free menu & a little overpriced... My friends son loved the environment.The food took a very long time around the end of lunch time... Besides that, the server was pleasant. Food was good. Had the chicken sandwich and it was kind of dry
Clean Huge rooms off the strip! Great breakfast buffet and price, not far from the strip also have a big bowling alley and a free shuttle to the sister hotels which is fun to casino hop
Whoo hoo. Suite upgrade! The Ivory Suite was very modern and spacious. Love the pink couch in the living room. Bathroom was spacious but no tub. I did not like the glass doors. I thought I broke it several times because it always made a loud noise when I closed it. Bed room was spacey but a little empty. a master bathroom and a restroom. I really enjoyed staying off the strip and away from its madness.
Everything was perfect. I little far from the strip but great rooms.Great restaurants I would stay here again.
Tight Slots. Ghetto clientele. Their player club is stingy as well. They sent me $3 in free play, LMAO. Keep your $3. Wouldn't ever go again knowing the types of clients they are aiming for by sending such rediculous offers to. Tweakers? I'm good don't want to get robbed.Anyway.... They have moved their players club 3 times in the last two years. Does the general manager of this place have OCD or something?Overall it's a terrible casino, with low paying machines, and bad promotions.
The view 50 floor 701 breath taking. Staff friendly. Valet guys are great ambassador first customer service impression.
This is a beautiful hotel and well worth visiting!.  I've never stayed here but one who likes to see the insides of the Vegas hotels, this is one not to miss!  It's just done with class and worth walking around.  Make sure to see the fountain show!!
Bellagio never disappoints. My room is freshly remodeled. Great view. Second time staying here. One of my favorite Vegas places to be.
Love the hotel and conservatory for photo ops. The only down side are the long lines for a taxi and expensive drinks but other than that it's a good place to visit while your in Vegas
blah. so bad. So bad so corporate bad bad bad.They are so rules based that they can't bend for customer service. Make you wait/ask for tips/ v rude / v expensive. Just such a bad hotel for the cost.
Nice and friendly atmosphere great for people with children. The roller coaster was super fun and the cuisine was amazing. My room was clean and and comfortable.
Loved this place and the vibe. The New York theme is charming. A great place for my first trip to Vegas. It's also connected to the MGM which is nice.
I won at this casino. Yay!!! The pizza upstairs was really good. Order a whole pizza instead of slices. It ends up being cheaper.
Get the upgrade and stay in a non-smoking spa room!  This room is huge, about 500 square feet.  I received nothing but VIP treatment while visiting this hotel.  From the Bell Service to the Check in agent at the front desk.You can also check-into your flight, for free using the Business Services, next to the registration desk. You can even walk to Paris in 15 minutes!
Customer Service was Very Poor at the Buffet and The security was rude. feel so sorry for my kid and my husband.
Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.  I can't believe the hotel would hold a rave while a conference was happening.  The music was shaking my windows.  They should have faced the sound towards the Strip, not the hotel.  Service and food were good.  Enjoyed being a Diamonds Reward Member and getting things free like in the Diamond Lounge and a free trip to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.  I can't believe the hotel would hold a rave while a conference was happening.  The music was shaking my windows.  They should have faced the sound towards the Strip, not the hotel.  Service and food were good.  Enjoyed being a Diamonds Reward Member and getting things free like in the Diamond Lounge and a free trip to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
AMAZING how all the staff here speak fluent French!!!! Not really :)I just don't like how claustrophobic the place feels!  They have a painted ceiling that looks like the sky and the feel of walking down a street in Paris.  Very closed in feeling that I do not like.  Very similar to how they did NY NY, trying to give you the feel of being there, but just too closed in for my liking.Otherwise I did like the red guest room we stayed in!  It was clean and spacious.  Careful of the marble floors in the bathroom though, I found it to be slippery... Good location on the middle of the strip.
Like: The closest you can get to Paris, France in the states if you're unable to make it to Europe. Interior is nice including the rooms with a BIG bathroom with tub and shower separated. Sports betting available. Some shopping available plus food options on the ground floor. They gave us some restaurant credit, which we used for room service and for breakfast at their cafe downstairs. I've been up the Eiffel Tower, which is lovely at night to watch the Bellagio water show from up above. On the strip so it's close to everything with a taxi waiting area outside. Dislike: The room had a small tube TV (whatever the non flat screen tv is called) AND it was off to the side so it wasn't in line of sight when in bed (which is how most people in their hotel room end up watching TV). Small fridge wasn't that cold of a temperature. Toilet is in line of sight of the mirror on the back of the door, which can be a little weird watching yourself on the toilet haha.
I'm japaneeeeesey fosheeeeezy!I ordered edamame, miso soup, the black miso cod, aji (nigiri), hamachi & scallion hand roll, and an order of kampachi (nigiri). Everything was a reminder to me of Japanese Excellence! The service was great & all the dishes were a delight to indulge in on my glutunous time in Vegas! The alcohol was a bit pricey but I needed both Sapporo's and Sake to fully live Japanese... which I am 100%
Simply amazing best ever!!!   I struggled to give it 5 stars, I think I would call this a 4.5 star rating.   Its a little overpriced for what it is, they need to do more FOOD, I left hungry.  That shouldnt happen.  Service 98 out of 100.  Food 95 out of 100  Value 80 out of 100.   I think it was a little overpriced, but the quality was totally there!   I would definitely go again, and I think I would love it again, but it let me down just a little, after hearing all the hype.   I could go here once , or go to sushi mon 4 times, all I can eat, you know my choice on that one if I want sushi 4 times!   After the sticker shock, which I didnt pay so I dont care what it costs, the food was insanely good.  We had the saki, beers, and a feast of sashimi, shrimp, miso soup, and rolls.   My favorite was the lettuce wrapped black cod, oh my god, this was the BEST FISH bite I have ever had.  It melted in your mouth like butter from the fat and the protein - I am not sure if it was oil pan fried, or what, it was hot, but not too hot, but it had a little sizzle on it, and the glazed oil on it just added to the silky flavor.  I would go back there just for that!   The desert was a rhubarb molten love with ice cream over it, talk about yummy!   Tasted like strawberries to me, but it was perfect, I would have taken one more scoop of Icecream, next time I will ask.   I am sure they would accommodate.     5 star food at 5 star prices.    Decor was a little drab to me, I dont know what it was, it was classy, but too dark, the bamboo was nice, but I think they could use some LIVE FISH Tank in the place, maybe I missed something, the walkway in was nice, but the dining room was a little drab for me.  I think a splash of color would have been nice.   Anyway, I am nitpicking now and thats not fair to them.    Quality stuff, Incredible food, great dining room, great location at Hard Rock.  Highly Recommended.  Please bring your wallet, or someone elses, you will need it!     Also, be prepared for a late night snack later meal after, unless you are on a diet.    4.5 Star Overall, I likey!
Love this casino/hotel. Nice and simple. good amenities and location. Hooked to ARIA.
Check in was easy and fast. Navigating this place (drunk) is insane though! The hotel main area is relatively small and the quick dining options are REALLY limited and not that great (McDonald's is the best place in the area). I really didn't like the $25/night "resort" fee considering the place had NOTHING to do in it that was worth it! "Brand" nightclub was lame and not on par with the other nightclubs in LV at all. The room itself was great, though. The beds were extremely comfy!
Hotel 32 a boutique hotel on 32nd floor is so kouch hetter then the rest of the resort..but the resort in general is fine. The service is spectactular, The restaurants offer an exceptional assortment to choose from, the dealers are nice, and the lounges were a blast. Conveniently located adjacent to City center as well
Love that you don't have to go thru the casino to get to your rm! Rooms are clean and the staff is so accomodating. Professional staff... negative is their chk in line was sooooo long. Other than that I had a great experience here overall!
The rooms were messy, stains on carpet, and open Junction box above Jacuzzi. Also the safe was broken and the shower leaked a lot. Good food though
I made reservations at this with ease and they gave me a great price.  The hotel personal that gave me the reservation receptive to me needs and they took their time to give me what my family needed.  I will post another review when I go to their hotel for my vacation.
Get redemption from your players card for discounts!!Prior to seeing the "Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil," so they define it, I heard plenty of complaints that this show was too raunchy,  and displayed only homosexual lovers and strange fetishes, but our experience was entirely different.  I heard through the grapevine the show was changed; however, It's still a sensual show that might offend someone who is conservative and private.  I am a flaming Christian who isn't afraid of her sensual side or flaming homosexual innuendoes.  I thought the show was fantastic filled with arousing art and human body muscular discipline.  Many people have many different personalities; therefore, if you are somewhat sensitive to see the Freudian sensual side of a Cirque Du Sole show... Than this won't be the show for you. Everyone in the middle or on the other side of the spectrum; you're gonna love this show and you, and your spouse, will enjoy the "after party."
I would go see this again and again, very funny and over all a really good show! This show while it is intended for adults Is not without a taste of class.
This was my second time seeing it and well worth it!  Always a good show!  Highly recommend  it, but definitely  for the older less reserved crowd
This is my 3rd time seeing zumanity and I have never been disappointed! Crowd was amazing and from the moment we sat down we were entertained. Always nice to see real people with genuine talent. Will be back again.
At the time of reservation we were told the resort fee is included but it was a different story at check in. Last time I was in Vegas was almost 10 years ago and a lot has changed since then. This hotel is really great place to stay for it's price. On an average not fight or big event night it runs around $200 a night for suits. The rooms are really nice with 3 TV's basically in each room. Mini Bar included witch is really pricy and I recommend taking your own drinks and ask for a refrigerator for $25 per night. The hotel has a lot of nice restaurants and stores including a gift shop next to the Elevators which is really convenient if you need something really quick. I wasn't to much into gambling since I can't stand the cigaret smell in the casino, even they have crazy air cleaning system running 24/7. Bouchon was my favorite Restaurant which is part of Plazo hotel next door in a short walking distance threw the hotel. It is an amazing french restaurant with great service and hospitality, and atmosphere.
I like the Venetian hotel in Macau more. Though they are patterned to each other. I like that it is very accessible, so many ways to get in and out of the hotel. Just wanna share other hotels that caught my attention..Best way to go in Vegas is in group.
Superb suite, excellent toiletries, lots of crown moldings and perfect floor planHubby was in a medical conference and here I am indulging into the day spa, room service while enjoying the view of Vegas!
Beautiful place! Check out the gondolas.  What a beautiful interior.  I went to see a show so I walked through the casino to get to the venue. the exterior is just as beautiful as the interior. 5 stars!!
Must see the Boys II Men show! Beautiful hotel! Great nightclubs and nice restaurants. Would recommend checking out the hotel if you are in Vegas.
Not bad not Amazing either... Very basic hotel. Crowd is......After I got home I got random charges on my credit card and when I called to tell them they said they can't help and if I want I can dispute the charges.
Yummy always so good!! I just hate the wait! ! But would definitely go back. The staff are so friendly there. I even got to meet the cook one time AWESOME
Shrimp Bruno is super good and the white chocolate bread. We've been going the palm for 15 years and always have a great meal! I've been to palm's all over the country and Vegas is by far the best!  Great atmosphere and service!
Great happy hour every day from 5-7pm. Half off prime bites like steak burger sliders, lobster sliders, lobster bacon fondue, crab cakes, meatball sliders, flatbread and shrimp. Half off wines by the glass and spirits.In the Caesars Forum Shops right outside the Casino. I really enjoyed the happy hour. Although it's a chain restaurant the food is excellent and the wine list is awesome! Go to happy hour for good food and wine at a great price! Restaurants in Vegas can be pricy - the Palm usually offers great monthly specials if you join the email club. See you back at happy hour next year when I am in Vegas!
Had luch there and the food/service was very good. I had the Tuna Steak and I must say that I will be back for their Tuna. I was very impressed to hear the our waiter has been with the company for 35 years. He also shared with me that the Palm is still family owned and has been around since 1926.
Rofl good lord this place...why did I pay $40 to come here?  :/  Probably because the bf and others wanted to...Super dark and super crowded.
Fun place nice girls would recommend to anyone going to vegas. I've been there a few times and always a good time. Great place to go if your are taking another girl that enjoys watxhing other girls. Enjoy
What is with the horrible potpourri smell they are pumping into the casino?  Made me sick. We left after 5 minutes.I was here a little over a year ago and was not nauseated by the smell.  However, when I arrived here last weekend, I walked in and immediately had to walk out.  We had to pass through the casino multiple times, but never stopped to gamble or eat b/c the old lady perfume smell was giving me a headache.  Please stop pumping this horrific smell into your hotel/casino so that I can stop and stay for a while on my next visit.  Thank you.I understand that most hotels have some sort of air freshener type sent because of the smoke, but this is just really strong and really bad.  Worse than any other hotel I went to on the strip.  Unbearable.
"Guaranteed" early check-in is a joke! We opted for the $20 early check-in fee, only for them to say the room wasn't available! smhWent up to our rooms (after waiting 2 hours for it) and our keys don't work! Now we're waiting for security to let us in our room, then we have to go back to the front desk and get new keys! Ugh!
Make SURE they don't put you in the South Tower unless you want a trash can for a view. You also feel like you are underground. Not my idea of Vegas! This is a maintenance tower w a strange & shady entrance. You can even take the elevator to the basement where service stuff was. It was my first impression of MGM and it wasn't good. However, their customer service gets an A+. They were very accommodating and moved us to the Grand Tower where the entrance is beautiful and we have a decent view now. Still not the best view and not the greatest hotel. The bath tub is super shallow. I think I prefer the Mandalay Bay.
This is such a beautiful hotel and casino. We didn't stay here this time but my boyfriend and I played at the casino. The games were very fun and we even won a few. I'd love to stay here the next time I come out to vegas.
Great bang for the buck! I've stayed here several times. No complaints. Most of the time they will upgrade your room when you check in.
Had a fantastic 2 days! Highly recommend staying at MGM Grand. Tap sports bar was excellent food. Rooms were clean and spacious. Friendly employees. Brads comedy club was hilarious, just don't sit front row is you get offended easily!! Thank you MGM for a great time. Be back soon!
Wait too long to check in and to check out at visa signature desk. They charged us additional fees... Even though we already paid online. The check in girl from yesterday around 3pm has the worst attitude. Doesn't care about the customer. She was patronizing us the whole time.
Time share scam run run run don't fall for it. Folks by now you should all know timeshare is nothing more than a rip off save your money each year and take a vacation that your making someone else rich off of..,
This is a clean hotel, but no bathroom ventilations or refrigerator. Go across the street to the Panda Express,  McD's, and Chipolte's. They have a Pho restaurant and even though the portion is huge there isn't any taste at all. For those of you who don't know, that's Vietnamese noodle soup.
Class class classic. Awesome hotel. . My opinion best for your buck. Every time I visit TI I am treated like a VIP. The drinks in the casino could be a bit stronger, but hey....I ain't complaining....they're free (plus a tip to the nice person serving them). The place is clean, and every one always seems like they're having fun. The night life in the casino is always festive, and the rooms are amazing. Clean, good size, and great views. TI is home away from home for me. I always look forward to coming to Vegas when I am staying at treasure island.
Great hotel stayed 2 nights wonderful time very happy with the casino and hotel. Got a great price on are stay and free buffet coupons.
Great place to stay - nice and comfortable pool area with yakusi. Staff was friendly. For the two of us we had just one time shampoo. conditioner, bodey lotion. It was so hor that we took a shower in the morning. Also when we went to the pool and afterwards. Before going out at night, we also took a shower. How should that work out with degrees up to 120 F and more outside?
Trip on September 12-14. I had a great experience. No complains at all! The food was good and they gave you free coupons for most things!
Nice to eat out in the warm weather. Been to Vegas many many times and I've never stopped here but its always crowded. One of our friends ate here on their recent trips and said they enjoyed it a lot. Glad I came here on a recent trip I took! The wait was not long at all, they said 15-20 min est, but it was more like 10min and that went the same for the people ahead of us. The service was awesome, or server was a guy and he offered us clubbing info too, who to talk to if we needed a hook to get in the clubs etc. AWESOME!! We ordered the scallop appetizer, steak fritte, and bake cheese. Scallop appetizer come in quantity of three, and is covered with cheese and grilled onion. This dish was good, but i was just sick of cheese and grilled onion by the time I got to it. I was expecting more scallops but its ok, it's Vegas, you get what you paid for. The bake cheese was extremely to die for. It was covered in this red tomato soup sauce. I would just come back for this dish alone. Steak Fritte. Steak was extremely tender and yummy! It also comes with a generous size portion of grilled onions. Will come back again the next time I'm in vegas!
In peu de Paris en Vegas...Viva FranceThe view from this outside patio area is one of the most fabulous in VEGAS IF you are into the STRIP!And I am.We were there during the day.I am sure the nighttime view is beyond amazing considering you are directly across from the fountains from the Bellagio...Not possible to make reservations for the patioFirst come first seated.go at an off time, sign up and YES you can wait just outside the front doors and the "buzzer" still works, even though they say it doesn't...I loved the mussels with the fries, and the huge French Onion Soup with melted cheese.My GF had the Salmon Salad, perfect.Not cheap, but well worth the quality food, good service and magnificent view
Good thing we made a reservation.  Our group got checked in sooo smoothly. It was great breakfast'.  All food we order was great, a server was nice, but it was too long to wait  for food  for 20 min with kids.
Hands down ... Best breakfast in Vegas ... This is the second time we came and we loved it. The food is fresh (salmon with egg Benedict), tasty (crepe) and delicious ... and the service is great. Even the home coffee is better than average.,,The location is great by the Strip so we could eat with the view of Bellagio, Paris (it's in Paris), etc.A must try when you're in Vegas !
This place has NEVER done me wrong! Best bistro in town. Gorgeous views of the Bellagio fountain and the hustle and bustle of the strip. They have an amazing wine list, and make FRICKIN amazing French martinis.
Ridiculously good! From the skate fish to the escargot. Top notch, top notch! The steak au poivre was delicious too.
Great attention to service, excellent food and Gianna was wonderful and kind. The eggs Benedict are life changing.
Cassoulet was amazing! The Steak Classique was very tender and juicy cooked medium rare. Escargots was delicious. The waiter brought us a baguette with burr and an apple and beat slaw that was out of this world. If you suit on the patio you can watch the Bellagio fountain show that happens every 15 minutes.
Always our favorite! Great service, great food, and the best view!  Consistently outstanding. Authentic French cuisine. Our waiter, Max speaks French, even though he's from Romania. He made the evening. Scott the manager has been with the company since 2004. Nothing on the menu not worth trying. Get in early or wait an hour. Rarely a line at 5:00 for dinner.
Love this place! Great views, great food and great service!  We love the steak frites, steak at pouvre and we have gone for sandwiches for brunch.  Love the steak sandwich.  Ask for outdoor seating to watch the fountains.
Amazing, everything is amazing. The baked cheese appetizer is a MUST! We eat here every time we are in Vegas.
I went twice in 2 days. This place is a gem. Tre bien!!!! I have not had the genuine steak frites in so long that this was a nice treat. I wish we had one where I live. This is beyond scrumptious.
Best and favorite restaurant at strip! Food is great! Service is perfect, amazing view. Stuff friendly. My fav food is chicken liver, mussels and steak!!!
We have eaten breakfast here for years.  They always deliver great food and service. We will be back.
Always a favorite on our Vegas visits.  Highly recommend lunch in the patio.  Recommend the Sangria, the baked goat cheese, and the steak frites!
The best. Meal. Of my life. Everything was perfect . From the old-world decor to the charming ambiance to the waiter (not a food server) who really knew how to put together a meal. Simply, superb.
Breakfast that suits Las Vegas, yummy and different. Had the poached eggs over chickpeas toast and crepe with berries, perfect location and pro staff.
The Conquest! Also, portions are huge. Share. This was a great place to eat. Also serves breakfast all day. Expect a wait. Always busy, but worth it.
The best breakfast in Vegas!  Every time we come to town it is a given that you can find us eating breakfast at the peppermill.
You walk in expecting strippers but there aren't any! Food was okay, nothing to really brag about. LARGE LARGE portions, couldn't finish it. Everyone was happy, and loved the different color sugar shaker. Was this place once a strip club? Remove the tables and you can have private booth dancers...?
They take time on their drinks.. And they are strong!  This is a must stop whenever you are in vegas.  It..just..looks..WEIRD?!  but really cool.  The food is fantastic and the portions are huge.  Prices are reasonable too.  Dont forget to check out the lounge too.. really cool spot
Cool looking spot inside.  Food is good. Price is right! The French Toast was delicious.
I am NEVER disappointed with the food and service here! Today it was the Lorraine Omelette...so good!
Great food, good service, will always keep coming back. A true vegas staple. Always open, always good.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. When you come to Vegas do it right,and come to the Peppermill for breakfast. Customer service is Great! Food was fresh and awesome.We had the fresh fruit platter and eggs/hash-browns(shared).This confirmed portions are large. Peppermill allows the 80's continue to live on.....WoW
Just arrived, so far very good service...  ah food arrived!!!  ah so very yummy! Service was relatively fast and friendly...
Always a pleasure to dine at Peppermill... The atmosphere as well as the great food! The waitresses are always friendly... The food is is cooked to perfection and large portions.... Have enjoyed Peppermill since it opened.. Every time we go to Vegas it's a 'must' for at least one meal
Food was good and they have a huge portions . Service was great as well . I come here often for breakfast, when in Vegad .
The best place in Vegas for breakfast. Huge portions for a good price. They must give you a half a dozen eggs in the omelette. If you order the fruit plate it will be enough to eat on for several days. The bloody Mary's are excellent. My only disappointment is they seem to be letting the waitresses wear pants now. Part of the charm to this place was the old Mel's dinner outfits the were wearing. It goes with the theme. But hey you can't beat this place for breakfast. Two thumbs up.
Love this casino, too much fun, great customer service. Cocktail waitress so funny and actually are not stuck as the other ones. Security really nice and not rude as others. Such a good vibe.
there service is very bad for checking in,  i will not ever come back here, again, there are to many people waiting and there is only two people working,  it look like a street full of homeless sleeping around the waiting area please don't come here or even thinking about staying here
First room wasn't clean second one still dirty, people were nice that helped me but the place is just super dirty! Windows never washed, floor in the room dirty
Perfect service which makes the rest irrelevant, see what I did there... ;-).  I had an awfulnexperieince last night so tonight was just what was needed! Thanks George W Bush
First night here and saw a roach on the wall. Absolutely disgusting! The numbers on the elevator are falling off so they wrote it in with chalk. This place is falling apart.
Great location, nice staff, updated rooms. Loved the Flamingo.We let the girl at the front desk know we were celebrating our honeymoon and she so kindly upgraded us to a strip view room. Pool is awesome here as well. Location cannot be beat
(Sigh)... I don't want to go into detail because I'll end up writing a book. But this place is cool for its NAME and because its shape like a pyramid. The lobby looks cool but the hallways to your room, and the room just looked old. The room doesn't have enough light because of the angle of the glass (diagonal due to pyramid), the internet is available through an Ethernet cable (no wifi) but luckily I had my laptop and more.... The bathroom was nice, I'll give them that. Sorry Luxor but I won't be back anytime soon.Look cool and make an entrance when you arrive. #CoolHair
You can't feel the elevators moving sidewards when inebriated!However, when you're sober, its trippy because you feel the elevators move up and side.  Oh and their beds and pillows are AMAZEBALLS!!!! No matter how late in the night, or afternoon ... I would just lay on the bed and sleep like a baby. I wouldn't wake up with no cramps either.. especially with me laying down in awkward positions due to a late night of drinking. I would wake up refreshed and ready to party again!  I took the pillow cases off and got the name of the pillow and ordered some when I got back home....Sobel Westex Sahara Nights if you're interested.The staff were always helpful and friendly.  I walked around the hotel by myself mostly.... and there was always someone to help you. Except................for those irritating ones that try to get you to buy a timeshare. I LOVE messing with them!  They like to stop you and ask, "are you planning on coming back next year?"  That's when I respond, "heck no! I hate this place!" hahaahhaha No, I really did enjoy my stay at the Luxor.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to stay on the strip.  It's a bit away from the crowded part of the strip, but still close enough to walk to.  If I won, I'd probably would have put 5 stars hahaha j/k  I put 4 stars instead of 5 because this is more of a casual resort type..... not as fancy as the other ones.. but I LOVE LOVE LOVE their beds and pillows!!!
3 hours to retrieve my car from valet!!! Would I come back to this low class hotel again? Absolutely not in my lifetime even if they offer me to stay there for free. The service was lousy and overrated. Even Circus Circus has better service than this slump. My first and last time...
Run down room. Overpriced everything.  Inadequate dining options. Stayed on a recent Saturday night and was not impressed. The room needed a major refresh.   Received poor service at lobby bar and it smelled bad.Everything from room to drinks to food was overpriced. So many better choices in Las Vegas, won't stay again.
Always a good time and deal! Tower rooms seem the best option in my opinion. But you have to book way in advance for major weekends to get a great deal.
Great place.  Prices are high though...  Rooms are OK, service is OK, housekeeping is OK...  Just OK.
Left out the window pictures. Now you can see why I said in my other review "leaving it up to your imagination" SMH
Great restaurants, spa, salons, and the humongous beach area. Best pools! I didn't care for the loud music (huge concert at the beach area).
Michael Jackson show is here!Dont forget your id for the pool.The pool is great.   Sandy areas, wave pool and a river, multiple bars. The room was a bit dirty.  Eww. I found a bug in the bed.  I asked for all new bedding and i just got a pillow sheet and blanket.  I changed the bedding and i always bring disinfecting wipes when i travel.  I wiped down the phone, light switches, tables and bathroom.  Everything needed a good cleaning.Always check your sheets before you settle in.No chairs in the check in area so i had to sit on my luggage or the floor.  There is a starbucks in the hotel for morning coffee but it was packed at 11am.
Pools!! Room!! Nice place! Lots of Fun!! The pools are allot of fun!!  FUN FUN FUN
Room is awesome!  Service is excellent.  Dinner at Husong's last night was great.  The whole family loved the wave pool and the lazy river.  We came to celebrate a special person on her birthday, and it's become an excellent time.    The people here at Mandelay  have gone out of their way to make it a great time.
Room is awesome!  Service is excellent.  Dinner at Husong's last night was great.  The whole family loved the wave pool and the lazy river.  We came to celebrate a special person on her birthday, and it's become an excellent time.        The people here at Mandalay have gone out of their way to make it a great time.
Best hotel service and great customer service at the Michael Jackson show!!! Talk to Ray he is an awesome guy!
I'm ready for some meat!  Since the bf and I watch all the cooking reality shows, we wanted to give a Top Chef-related restaurant a try.  We did the Wagyu beef 3 course tasting menu at $130 a pop, and boy, was it worth it.  1st course:-Frisee salad with soft boiled egg, huge chunks of bacon, and some kind of bleu cheese dressing-Fresh buffalo mozarella-Prosciutto with a fig compote-Fresh avocado slices drizzled with olive oil, salt, and pepper(Towards the end we started rolling everything up in the prosciutto - SO GOOD!  Note: We'd been offered grilled prawns or Kobe tartare, but bf is allergic to shellfish and we're not big on raw meat.)2nd course:-Filet (ordered it medium, but it came out more medium rare..melted in the mouth)-Rib eye (chewier, but more flavorful)-Sweet white corn (super yummy and buttery)-Potatoes au gratin (just OK...should've gotten the potato puree)-Assortment of mushrooms (wasn't feeling this one...too woodsy for me)3rd course:-Monkey bread with banana ice cream (the ice cream tasted just like banana bread!)-Homemade sorbet (pink lemonade and peach) with fresh fruit-Molten chocolate cake with fresh whipped cream (was a little dry)Totally worth it considering the steaks alone would've cost about $220.  You get basically half portions of the starters and sides.  Our waiters were totally awesome...basically handed us the menu and told us to pick what we wanted for each course (in case we weren't sure if we'd like the chef's choices).  The service was fantastic...our glasses were never more than half empty. :)  It was a little dim inside, though....but aren't they all?
Wagyu gold label ftw!  It helps that I didn't have to pay for this succulent meal, but the beef was as good as I've had in Vegas.  I still prefer DelMonicos in Vegas and Mastros in LA but overall it was a great meal with the short ribs being sublime.
I was here on business and a group of 8 of us were there for dinner.  The dinner rolls were delicious...loved the rock salt on top of them.  The butternut squash soup is incredible!  I would highly recommend that to start.  I also had the watercress and cucumber salad which was also delightful and a nice light start to the meal.  I ordered the rack of lamb...rare.  It was incredible.  I did notice it was a little on the fatty side, but the cut was nice and big and it was so delicious, that no matter how full I felt, I had to finish it.  The table got quite a few sides...assorted mushrooms, pureed sweet potatoes, fingerling potatoes, asparagus and potatoes au gratin.  I wasn't a huge fan of the fingerling potatoes...it was just baked and lacked flavor.  The pureed sweet potatoes were my favorite with the asparagus a close second.  For dessert, you must get the Monkey Bread.  That was absolutely incredible.  I wasn't too fond of the pairing with the Brown Sugar Sour Cream ice cream, but a good vanilla ice cream would be great with the monkey bread.  The ambiance is great although I would do without the paintings of cows with a steak cut written on it.  That is just plain wrong.  lol!
Great food, super friendly and attentive staff, great drinks and ambiance.I ordered the T-Bone Steak which was outstanding and very flavorful. My wife ordered the Filet Mignon which was tasty but a bit overcooked. The complimentary bread was freshly baked - delicious. We shared an ordered of asparagus and half orders of the Mashed Potatoes and Risotto.  Probably one of the best risottos we have had. The drinks were good - not overwhelmingly strong but very flavorful. The service was outstanding. The staff is very attentive and helpful. No complaints. Recommend it for a group outing or for a dinner date... The place is good for both.
Amazing food...  Filet was best I have ever had.  Very good mashed potato purée as well!
The food was great and the wait staff was excellent - we had an amazing meal here!The only complaint that I have is the noise level. The tables are very close together and I could hear everyone's conversations around us. There were so many people dining, the general noise level was high. There isn't much privacy and it isn't the best for a quiet, romantic dinner. If you don't mind the noise and the hustle bustle, then this place is for you. If you want a quiet, romantic night - this isn't the place.
The appy nachos are huge and amazing. Half chicken half steak :) Love them because the chips are delicious, beans, sauce, sour cream, guacamole, meat, cheese.... so yummy!!!  The atmosphere is great - but quite noisy.  I wish the happy hour drink specials wouldn't just be in the "bar" side... considering it is the center of the whole restaurant.  Would be nice to eat at the table with guests but still get the same price for the drinks :) AND they need a little better air conditioning.. aside from that - I would go back all the time for those nachos.  Cannot wait to try the fajitas or a burrito.
sorry.this is the third bouchon i've been to and i still don't get the hype. i keep thinking if i try a different one at a different location, that it would taste better. BUTmy french toast was so-so.i guess my coworker's quiche was good.the croque madame was really rich but kinda bland.and they don't do anything for birthdays. it's just a "happy birthday" and that's it.i do love their bouchons though.
From parking garage... Down to 3... Then up a side elevator to L... Follow signs.. you'll get there...Our last morning in Vegas, the wife says, "I really want to go to Thomas Keller's Place for Brunch". After a great Vegas Birthday Trip, how can I refuse her.... Plus I wanted to go there too.Obviously sitting in a grand restaurant, overlook the atrium Garden at the Venetian is spectacular in and of itself, Add in the service and the ambiance of excellence and you get an idea of how plush and nice this restaurant is.We were sat promptly and proceeded to listen to the day's specials. Joy had already set in her mind to have the Brioche French Toast...DUH!I went with the steak omelette.Coffee was refilled and service was on point. Vegas is one of those places that if you wanted to have a $5.99 Steak and Eggs Breakfast, you totally can do that. But its also that place that if you can spare the extra dough, you can enjoy a high quality meal at above market prices and still feel like you got a steal, knowing who is directing the flow of the food. Not that I believe for a second that Mr. T Keller is back in the kitchen directing the traffic, but his influence and high standards are felt everywhere and in every bite....For as often as I make it to Vegas these days, I can spare that extra dough and have a meal that I will not easily forget...
Foie gras is a must have. It's so good and so legal. Beef tartar came in a relatively big portion of an appetizer that the amount of raw meet could be shared by 3 people without jeopardizing anybody's health. Service wasn't bad but wasn't quite welcoming.
This place has the best bread pudding and raisin roll, they warm them up for you. This small bakery is right in front of the wing 31 floor of the elevator, quit hidden, just follow the aroma of those fresh pastries, it wi guide you to this gem!
Fabulous service & food! The restaurant definitely gives you the feel of being in Paris with its smart decor.
Great steak. Ask to sit on the patio so you can watch the fountains during dinner. Michelle was awesome, we will ask for her on our next visit
Was not impressed at all with the food or service. Started off with a peach Bellini. Not amazing at all. Ordered 3 appetizers. The beef carpaccio, mussels and caprese salad. I was disappointed in the flavors of all of them. Will not return.
Very slow service. Need to improve services. Food takes long time to come and also customer service is very poor. We have to keep waiting for everything. Would not recommend to stop by just to see fountain.
Best food in Vegas. Look no further! Octopus and the Scallops dishes are to die for!Great service, reasonable prices and chill atmosphere. Exactly what we were looking for.
Very good.  Try the lamp chops and beef carpaccio.  A great outside patio and a nice high end bar.   In the Bellagio hotel.   A must try
Jon the bartender is easy on the eyes. Although he informed me that they no longer have Zima on draft, he DID concoct me the perfect custom cocktail. Also, did I mention he's easy on the eyes??
Fresh, organic food. Robes optional next to spa! When are hungover and craving something healthy without smoke. Head to this restaurant. Healthy delish breakfast.
Exit 41B on the highway. Typical outlet location. Nothing special beside the problems of finding parking. Must get there early to be the crowd.
New parking garage is about to open... It's about time!I love this mall - worked here for 2 years, lived only 15 min away. This was my go-to mall even on a day off, I could always find whatever I needed.  Just be sure to get here early, the tourists are amped and ready to go BEFORE the mall even opens. Parking can be beyond awful so again, get there first thing in the AM or about 1-2 hours before closing (if you know you'll be quick, the stores do not stay open for late shoppers).  I'm so happy to see the 3rd parking garage finally opening. It was in the works since day 1 of working there (3 years ago!). Holiday's are brutal, beware! I head to the top floor of garages, but note that it will take forever ... allow 45 minutes for parking at prime rush times.The food court is so-so but I love the Asian restaurant NOT in the food court, they serve beer! Men will love that! Their lunch boxes are cheap-cheap-cheap and enough to share for 2.Pick up a coupon booklet at the info center (where the cabs drop off/pick up) - they are usually $5 unless you have a military ID, AAA card, etc.  Totally worth it, 90% of the stores are in there.Once you are done wandering this mall (you'll need half a day) head south to those outlets, different stores for the most part and it's really growing.
I like the outlets lots of variety of shops to choose from. I'll shop at Coach, Reebok and The Loft to name a few stores.
Cool Burberry hat now I can look like a hipster.
Another day, another gamblers special.I have been to this restaurant more times than I can count. For starters, the HRH houses one of my favorite clubs (Vanity). It also happens to be the host for several annual events that I attend. So even though I have never stayed here I always seem to wander over to this off-strip hotel at least once during each Vegas visit.And since Mr. Lucky's is open all day, has decent prices and is conveniently located... it is my go-to stop whenever I get drunk munchies, regular munchies or just need a place to sit down for a while.Most of the time I order the Gambler's Special. It isn't on the menu but those "in the know" know that it is a sirloin steak, choice of potato, side salad and 3 skewered shrimp. It is only $7.95 and always has been. The Gambler's Special is usually great. I have only had one bad experience where the steak was inedible. The shrimp has always been well seasoned and the salad is a decent side salad.Other items I have ordered are full size salads, sides of mashed potatoes and the hummus/pita appetizer. The hummus/pita appetizer is a large serving. If you are ordering it for only one person... don't order anything else. Some of the items can be a bit over-priced so I don't think I would order a regular on-menu entree. Service can be great or lacking. Either way, the meal comes out quick.Bonus: They now have a slew of flat screens to keep you entertained in case the people you are with are lame or passed out.
Sorry, $7.77 used to be a deal. It's no longer one.  You have to order a drink. A Budweiser bottle was $6.  The service is also extremely slow.  This place was empty and it took forever to get our food.
Food is very decent, can't go wrong,u''ll find something u''ll want.As it says Mr. Lucky's  24/7 it is open,24hrs.
Hmmm....not too sure about this place.  Ordered the steak salad medium rare and they delivered it very well done.  Can they not SEE the difference?  The waitress replaced our steak salad and we enjoyed the first half of the Super Bowl.  Pretty good venue for that type thing but I wouldn't go here just for the food.  :(
Shhaa boo ya is right! Party in my mouth. Waitstaff very nice and helpful. Relaxing and romantic. Worth the money. Young yellow tail was the best I ever had and fresh!
Yellowtail, eel and salmon were awesome.  Hibachi (yellowtail) jalepeno appetizer was amazing.  Atmosphere is great, but what restaurant in a casino in Vegas has a bland atmosphere?
Great place .  Great atmosphere.  Great food. Its VEGAS BABY...What is can I say. The decor is wonderful the staff is on point. If your looking for great sushi this is the spot.. But make sure you bring $$$$
When I'm looking for comfort food the Mac and cheese always makes me feel better.. And washes down well with their own light beer yum!! The staff was friendly and the place was clean. I will be back.
It's always really great here. Their crab cakes are to die for for and the fondu is a must!
The falafel burger was delicious! This is THE place in Madison to go for a birthday dinner. It's pretty cheap, the bar is good, and the food is dependably delicious.
It's 89° inside this bar right now. Way too hot for a conducive drinking environment. This is a sauna
Let's be honest... If you're not an attractive woman go to Pure. They let any woman in no matter how unattractive she is... FAIL!!!Pure is one of the worst clubs I've been to in Vegas. I'm not talking about the music, it's the normal Top 40/Techno with just a bit of hip hop mixed in once and hour. My problem with Pure is who they let in. Pure always has more males than females, which isn't abnormal, but how unattractive the females are is ridiculous.Don't ask me to stand in line and then pay $30 when you let every female in for free no matter how unattractive they are... #EPIC FAILThe rooftop has a great view, too bad no one inside is worth looking at.
The music is ok. The line outside can be intense at times it really helps to have a promoter to a table.  But if your a 7 diamond member you get to cut the line you get 2 ppl in free and chances are if you charge the remaining ppl in your party to your room if your staying at one of the Harrahs property's such as pure (Cesar's) it will be taken care of.    (note nights out here are very hit or miss you can always tell if its jumping off beacuse it will be a zoo by the front entrance )      patio upstairs typically open till 3 am  and inside club typically open till 4 am      please party responsibly     ( haha)
90/ person, unlimited champagne. Order your lobster Benedict via the server, not at the buffet tables. Make a reservation! Even with a reservation it took us 30 mins to be seated, but you can get your champagne start while waiting.  Love the menu, it has every grand thing on it!  The caviar is only the black tiny one, sitting in bowls between sushi and berries.  The sushi is the weakest thing among all items, not professionally rolled and have very little choices.  The oysters are the second weak thing, simply not meaty enough.  All the cooked items are excellent, especially the rack of lamb and the prime ribs.  Even the steak or sea bass in the iron skillets are not overcooked, all tender and flavorful!  Interior is quite dark, but service is friendly. Waiters are busy, so do expect a little wait trying to flag them down.  They will automatically pour champagne and put down glasses of orange juice.
Awesome place as always. Best place to watch the World Cup!
excellent food, ambience and service. Will definately be here next time in town. Great happy hour too.
If you're looking for an excellent Asian Chicken Salad that is affordable, and tastes really good.  Check out Delux.  Get here around 11:30am and beat the lunch rush.  The place doesn't fill up until after noon.  Service is decent.  They have a nice patio area too so in the cooler times of the year it's a great place to sit. One thing I will say is the smell when you walk in seems clinical.  I don't know what kind of cleaner they are using, but it smells like a hospital ward.  Maybe it's because we got there early, but still the smell lingers and its actually not very appetizing.  Overall, it's a great place to grab lunch or dinner.
Great place for sushi n  a good beer! Love tje good service and the sushi chefs are friendly.  Late happy hour awesome!
Fabulous food, great prices and they are open LATE!  How did I not know about this place??!!My fiancé and I stumbled on this cute little place while driving back to Phoenix from Scottsdale.  He ordered a burger and I had a salad.  Large portions, great menu choices and top-notch service.  I just love it when the manager works late, cleans tables and talks to the patrons!!  I've certainly included this place on my "open-late-and-worth-going-to-when-sober" list!
FYI, it's bad luck to have chopsticks sticking up in a bowl. Re: Chinese chicken saladAnyways, the burgers are not what they once were, or my tastebuds have greatly evolved.  Mine was no good, no good at all, if i were not so hungry i would have sent it back. Yeah, that bad.  The fries were good though!
Delicious. Got the delux burger and sweet potato fries. They were friendly and the food was ready relatively fast. The burger was a little undercooked for medium rare but not bad. It's a little pricey, but I was starving.
GREAT: 14 beers on tap!NOT GREAT: beer served warm. When a reviewer goes on and on for paragraphs about the kind of "fusion" represented, that's a relatives or associates review you can bet. Pointed info is the heart of YE_P!
Rated #1 burger for a reason!!! I love their food!!! Don't miss this place. I never liked beets until I had their beet salad. Burgers are perfectly cooked. Mahi Mahi sandwich and Turkey burgers are also quite tasty. Don't miss the basket of mixed fries
Burgers are amazing and sushi was great.  Wasnt a huge fan of the lollipop (because they literally are like huge lollipops of sushi wrapped in cucumber).  But the other sushi was really good.  2 smaller burgers to share was just right for a couple (doing sushi also).
Jade chicken with jerk fried rice!Mexican food and chinese food aren't one of my favorites but Chino Bandido has the perfect mixture of both worlds! What's best is that they give you a free cookie with each meal!
If you Haven't been here, go ASAP. it's a Phoenix staple.I have been eating here since High School !!! Great local owners and they now have a 2nd Scottsdale location. YAY.They have a tasting station at the front, so first timers can figure out what they like before committing to something.  Face it there is nothing like it anyplace. Chinese food fused with Mexican food, has proved to be a match in business and in love.The Phoenix location has had pics of "chino Kids" for as long as I can remember and  the pics go back a long way so its a neat retrospective. Love it when somebody in their 20's+ says "hey that's me " and points at some kid on the wall.  Go for the Jade red chicken , you can have it breaded or not. I have mine on salad in place of rice.  The jerk chicken and rice is another don't miss item. You can have anything put on a quesadilla if you would rather have portable food , just ASK ! An Awesome Phoenix and now Scottsdale institution
We come here often something different then the same old food expanded my belt lol good fast food
OMG so good! Unbelievable! Machaca was Amazing, the whole meal was. Love it!! And the cookie. We found this on yelp and today we have a new favorite! Great place, we will be back often.  First timers, make sure you ask to sample and take your time, there is so many good ones.
Amazing different fusion food! Loved it! Sous definitely come back and try something else. Always busy but staff is very friendly and plenty of seating available.
Absolutely delicious. ..if you love Mexican and Chinese you will love this place!!!! It's a great combo you'd never think would work until you eat it. And they bake cookies fresh daily that come with your meal...
A Hispanic panda? Duh, you should eat here.#greatfood#redjadechickenGet the snickerdoodle too...it will change your life.
I like the concept and think for $7 you get a very filling, tasty, unique lunch.So many different options for fried rice and beans, also so many different ways you can have your meats. On a plate like panda express, or you can have them throw it into a small quesadilla or small burrito. Not somewhere I eat often. But definitely something I'll crave randomly, because the flavors are really good for fast food
I love this place. The jerk chicken burrito and snicker doodle cookies are amazing. The service is awesome as well
Lemonade tastes bad...food is ok, nothing exceeds my expectation. Went to see O Show n thought would give it a try...wouldn't go again.
The most delicious and wonderful buffet, ever!  And,  I am not a fan of buffet.You can explore the culinary world here... North America, South America, Europe, Asia.....Crepes, blintzes, eggs Benedict , pizza, tortilla, pork buns, waffles, pancakes, desserts galore and all delicious.  Mimosa, Bloody Mary, champagne ,  Wow
Best buffet ever ! And the brunch with all you can drink mimosas ! Mmmmmm yummmm .. The best buffet I have ever been too and the most clean . its a Lil pricey but well worth it
Buffet here is good. Lots of food. OJ was $15 USD if I recall.Hashbrowns EggsMeatsFruitsWafflesOmelettes
Mistakes have been made! Roads have been traveled! Choices regretted!   That is all I can say
Line is very long, but is it worth it? No, because it took away an hour of my time waiting in line, and the return value was nothing because the food was meh.In my humble opinion, this place is only popular because of the hotel and not for the food.To reiterate, the food was either bland or salty. Thankfully, we had the Buffet of Buffets deal for $45.99 (after the $5 discount for being a total rewards member) and we got to eat at 6 different buffets within 24 hours. So for the price of it being Buffet of Buffets, it was only okay. If I had to pay for the original dinner price, I would be quite upset right now. Do not pay full price would be my best advice. It simply isn't worth the price!About the food, only 3 things really made my trip a little better:-the fruits (lame right?)-the middle eastern food section as many have mentioned was good-the cotton candy (wow! this was the only buffet I know that offered cotton candy!)Other than that, nothing else stood out. You're better off saving your money and spending a little more on more noteworthy buffets---like the Wynn and/or Belagio.
No break in between breakfast and brunch on weekends. So get here by 9:30 and pay for breakfast and then get brunch food. :) 10 am is cut off for breakfast on weekends.
Check Groupon for great 2 for 1 deals. They come up fairly often.The last 3 times I've been in town I also happened to find my way here. The food is good, but I can see why some aren't as thrilled with it as I am. For the regular price, this place is not worth it. However, I've been fortunate to always find a 2 for 1 on Groupon. The last time we went here the Groupon was a 2 for 1 with a bottle of champagne. Not shabby at all.When I come here I go for their prime rib which is always exceptionally made. I also like that their crab legs are sliced open so that I don't have to use my crab cracking skills to open my son's & boyfriend's crab legs. More crab time for me! :DThe desserts are ok. They have a crepe station, but the crepes are pre-made. :/This place can get a very long wait line. The first time I was here I waited almost 2 hrs.! That's a bit too long to wait when you're starving. Found out though that you can call and they will let you know over the phone how long the line is so that you don't have to waste your time waiting in line. Why waste your time in line when you can waste your time drinking? You can also waste your time wasting your money. :D
Not the best buffet in Vegas but its cheap and it good. They are open late so that is a plus.
every single thing being served at this buffet was below average, and that is an understatement. Having gone to the buffet at Bellagio the night before, my expectations were pretty high, but i was at least expecting food that was somewhat mediocre. Everything here tasted like frozen microwave dinners. The pizza was bland and stiff. Every single dessert was beyond dry and tasteless. Drunken noodles (Asian) did not taste a bit like they should. All else tasted like a frozen dinner.The only reason this is getting two stars is because there was variety. Foods included Italian, Asian, middle eastern (which included Indian...which is not middle eastern), American, and Mexican. Tip: they have $6 create your own cocktails. To get the most bang for your buck, ask for the liquor and the juice/soda separately.
Don't wait in line. the seats are assigned. just go in with the crowd when the doors open or go in when the crown dies down bc that line is crazy long.  It was a great show.  Very funny! There was some parts that made me want to doze off because of the music and watching people swing back n forth but it was very entertaining.
Student ID card gets you a big discount (35% I think) for up to 4 tickets when u call in to box office.I'd rate it pretty low on the scale of vegas cirque shows.... but it costs a lot less.  So maybe start here?The other reviews are correct... the acrobatics are amazing, but the comedy is so weird.
Best Wisconsin beer-battered cheese curds! The wait on a Saturday was over an hour so we chose to get our food to go.
Best breakfast! Love the No. 10! Yum!! I love the outside seating, it's perfect for people watching on the square.
Great food and chic nightclub! This is one of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas. It's spacious with multiple rooms and floors. Be prepared to wait in LONG lines, unless of course you're rolling in with 15 hot ladies and/or know a party promoter.Guys that flock in all-male groups, be prepared to wait in line and fork over money, which I hear can go up to $200 bucks if a celebrity pays a visit. If you want to step to the front of the line and you have enough people to chip in, I highly recommend getting bottle service to skip the hassle.Here's another quick tip to get in for free. Eat at the Restaurant (Tao Asian Bistro). Make sure you make reservations at around 9 PM. Once you're done with dinner, you can get in the club through a back entrance for free. Food is descent...it's one up from PF Chang's--they have some pretty good options to choose from. Dinner and dancing? Yes, please! Back way entrance...even better (no bottle service needed).
This is a 5 star, not 3. People are inpatient and lame. Everything is bomb! Lobster won tons were...bomb! Udon was...bomb! Tempura sweet potato was...bomb!!!!
Club sucks..... They let too many people in and the security sucks. Worst experience ever. I felt bad for the people that didn't have VIP because it is impossible to get drinks.
Since when do they not let big groups into a club? Security guards were so rude !  telling us we can go to jail if we don't leave. Totally killed our Friday but no worries we enjoyed it elsewhere.
First time here and the first impression was great! The Hotel has dim mood lighting that sets off the entrance. The decor was very modern and up to date.It is a non gaming hotel, which means very little cigarette smoking. The staff was very friendly and helpful especially when it came to them holding our bags as we arrived prior to our room being ready.We decided to sit by the pool until our room was ready, which was a trek all the way to Mandalay Bay, but it wasn't that bad. After a few hours there by the pool a text or call never came from the reception to let us know the room would be available, which is what they said they would do. We had to make the call ourselves and at that time was informed of our room number. Went up to the room and it was room 15801, and it was great!! King bed with 1.5 baths. Looked like a small apartment. The living room and bedroom contained old plasma TVs but the bathroom TV looked a bit newer. The furniture was extremely comfortable as well as the bed. The clerk that brought our bags up to the room was very friendly informing us of the hotels features and even offered to get ice for us when we asked where the Ice Room was located. Very good staff member here!!Now the bathroom was not set up properly compared to the standard when you have two people in a room. We only had two bath towels, two hand towels and two wash cloths. There were no signs of a floor mat for the shower. So we had to turn one of the towels into the floor mat after shower one, and request more bath towels from the housekeeper on the floor.As you can tell The Hotel loves to have mood lighting and the rooms do not differ from their approach. The rooms have dim lighting as well and at night if you don't have the sharpest of vision you may feel the need to turn on every light in the room to navigate. I was fine with the dim lighting, but my other half wanted every light on under the sun.Overall, I was pleased with The Hotel and it was a great first experience. I'd recommend you check it out if you've never stayed and enjoy it first hand. Thank you for reading.
Nicolas is the best bellhop! I will write more when I'm not half asleep.  Everything went really well, after our last experience which wasn't as good. But everything was great, the staff, the help, the room amazing.  Beautiful view, and suite. Love this place!
Amazing Fragolina drink with vodka and strawberries! Had this while waiting for our table to be set up outside. If you come here , sit outside!!! It's a waste if you sit indoors. The interior looks and feels like a cafeteria but the outside is magical. The service is extremely attentive. This is a very high end restaurant and expensive!!! The food was OK. The clams were delicious but very tiny. Dinner was about $350 for 3 of us and I can tell you that we filled up on bread not to order any more. Could have easily spent another $100 and $150 if we wanted dessert. I probably won't come running back here.....well maybe if it's on someone else's tab ;)
Amazing dinner place.  High end Italian food with the best fish in the world. You need to reserve this place 1 month in advance.  Very pricy however good stuff always is. Try the screaming eagle.
Wow! I will drive to Vegas just to eat there. Everything was awesome! Diner for 4 $560. Tip $140.
Yum....one of the best Filet I've had. And the Wild mushrooms, are the bomb.Very attentive staff too.
Strong program all around. The aged my strip is the thing to get along with jumbo shrimp cocktail. Wines are ridiculously expensive but we managed to find a nice gigondas for about 85.  Great service and great experience. Expensive yes but in Vegas everything is so you might as well get Solid food.
One of the best steakhouse in town! No problem with jeans, everybody that work there are very professional and I've been there maybe 30 times and never got disappointed. Even when once one friend had his steak cooked not right twice they have us all the deserts on the menu with out asking and then comped the whole dinner- still to today my friend from Chicago talked about it and twice a year that he is here visiting that's the first place we are going to!
Getting my tomato tart! tastes delicious!
Delish! But new friend Lisa couldn't finish her sweet one!I stopped in here with my (then) boyfriend when we visited Vegas back in ought-six. The crepes were so memorable that I knew I'd be back the next time I was in town. It took me six years, but I made it, the crepes were still wonderful and the prices were still reasonable. (In my opinion. If you are looking to stuff yourself silly for a few dollars more, there is a buffet across the hallway.)This little place is in the mall portion of the Paris LasVegas Hotel & Casino. Walk up to order, and grab a table in the seating area off to the side. The ingredients are simple, delicious and filling. I was alone this time, and made friends/shared a table with another solo diner in the seating area.
Loved this.  Look at the photos!  Crepes were not overly sweet and were very tasty.  I had the apple, and my wife had the pear.  Great for a quick snack.  Tables are off to the side in a little common area, and we had no trouble finding one.
They have the best Nutella crape I EVER had ;)In a long time , found inside Paris Paris CasinoUpdate 7-17-15Ok, since I came back to Vegas, I had to hit this crape joint again. I decided to try something new: The blueberry crape.If the Nutella crape I tried last time was the best I ever had, this is even better. I think the fruits are organic, and the mix of warm crape, cold cream on top and the very tasty blueberry, mulberries and strawberries mixed all together will leave you impressed for sure. Try it out, it's not a common crape place that tries to impress you. I let you, the reader be the judge. If you know of something better message me ;)11-9-15Still the best grapes I had so far and they are expanding the menu.Thank you Liliana.
good food prices a little high other than that it's good. i dont think I'll go back unless i am really craving crepes
Drinking the night away. Yep....That's Kinda what I'm know for.The night never seems to go sour when you show up to a placedue to the popularity of the nature, and it happens to be a staple I guess every lush and inner club kid has to go to. I'm not a big party person, my days of that are over but you have to admire what Vegas, and especially the Ghostbar has done.It has tried to make a social, elaborate, place where you can drinkand get suckered into dancing, but if you don't like dancing....Well there is also the outside terrace where you can gaze among the top of the ivory tower above the wicked city below you as you inhale the not-so-fresh air of the smokers and smog of the city. ;)I can assume every seat inside is reserved with it's lovely haunted white and black decor and leather seats. In which I saw the 5 adult british males who bought rounds of drinks for everyone, but strangely resembled the pop-group "One direction" Overall, Ghost Bar is a nice place to dance (outside) with a awesome view and a decent happy hour, that is if you come before 10pm. 11:30pm Is when it pretty popping, and the people who want to be there, shall stay there, that is until you get a taxi cab ride home. Plus - Are the nice decor, drinks, and beautiful people.Minus - I guess I understand to come in the cover price of $20 unless              you stay at the hotel. I see what you did there. I see.
This was a great show to watch. Excellent water and aerobic performance! I would highly recommend anybody to come and watch this. The stage is huge!I will have to go and watch Ka next and see how that one plays out.
Absolutely amazing. The tickets are expensive but worth it. It's definitely worth paying a little more for the lower sections, but being super close isn't really necessary. There is so much going on to see you'll be entertained from almost any view.
Totally worth watching! You will definitely go home with a huge smile! World class show!
Breath taking and amazing show. I've never seen anything like it. A must see. This show blew me away. Loved it.
Incredible performance! A must watch...the costume is better than most shows I've been to, and it just feels like you're involved with the use of there movable up close, stages and surroundings :D
One of my least favorite Cirque de Soleil shows! Not worth it...pretty disappointing after watching "O" and La Reve.
It was an amazing show and great food and service the people are kind sweet I definitely recommend this show to everyone
Food was delicious. A little pricey but worth it. Got a hot wrap with side salad and everything was fresh and tasty.
Amazing restaurant with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  It was a little hard to find in the basement of the Bellagio but we did manage to stumble upon the steps leading down to it.  Cocktails came highly recommended and they were very good.  Had a Cosmo and Picasso Pom - both incredibly smooth. Starters included a delicious potato soup, lobster salad, and foie gras.  The mains we sit and they were a halibut on asparagus and a lamb based dish.   The wine pairing was very good.   For the desert we had a lava cake and a hazelnut mousse.  Both were artistically displayed but were merely ok.  My own lava cake is better though I would lose points for artsy display.  Atmosphere was quiet and romantic That meant it was also dark and hard to read the menu.   Service was excellent throughout the 4 hour meal.  View was nice but they left the heaters in front of the windows blocking the views.  Can't believe that no one ever complained about that before.  Overall experience, excellent.
The food, the view, the service and my company. Just superb!! We were seated right away, the menu was explained and the waiter was very knowledgable. An absolute must.
2 queen beds with a pool view - the room is bigger than the average hotel room and the bathroom is also bigger. It has a separate tub from the stand up shower and the toilet is in a separate room.The pool area is nice.  Jesse was a great cocktail waitress, she has bright red hair.  Sit in her section and you won't regret it.  I can't say the same about the "pool amabassador" named Emily.  She was super rude.  I intend to email the hotel about her behavior.With the exception of Emily, everyone was nice.  I plan on returning again next summer for a week.  This is a perfect spot for a family vacation.  It almost reminds me of being on a cruise ship. I love that they have a movie theatre and CBTL on property and lots of cool shops and restaraunts across the street.
I had a Caramel royale macchiato, and it was quite awesome. Great break from gambling and slot machines and all the good stuff. It's really small, so I could easily imagine people would overlook the location unless you're explicitly looking for it.
It reminds me of cheesecake  factory. Good reasonably priced dinner. Great atmosphere for dating.
Very delicious food, very nice staffs, definitely recommend it! Our server was Debby, she is soooo nice.
Chefs made the steak half well and half medium-rare.The service was very good, but the food wasn't very good at all.
Nice breakfast buffet. Had the buffet every morning. Friendly staff. The orange juice was terrific!
That place rocks! I have eaten here many times. Best Shrimp Scampi I ever had. I come here on every Vegas visit.
I had the Chilaquiles and they were superb. Highly recommend them lots of flavor. The waffles OMG delish.
Awesome food. Awesome service. Susie Q was the best!  I had the rosemary chicken and potatoes.  Top notch
Best breakfast ever!! You must come here for the pancakes!   I had banana pancakes with stawberries on top. Everything was fresh and amazing!
Yasssssss. Love this place. Service was nice and food was bomb.com the atmosphere is cool and they even have us our drinks to go without us asking. How thoughtful! Coming from someone who is in the service industry I can honestly say this place is stellar.
Good food, fun atmosphere and great staff! Sweet Potato fries were excellent as was the french dip.
The ribs are delicious and the gumbo soup!Also if you hold on to your receipt you can come back the next day for a buy one and get the second half off breakfast!
Grilled pork is amazing! I was hesitant in trying the grilled pork but my sister suggested it.  I'm glad I took the chance.  Love the fresh bread.  Smells so yummy!
Coffee extremely expensive and horrible taste. Tables dirty and unclean. Overall a really horrible experience.
Always a great place. Sliders are amazing and great happy hour drinks and prices. I used to be a regular but had a kid so this was my first time back in a while. Definitely miss it. Hopefully I'll be back soon
Your club is bad and you should feel bad. Apparently Yelp wants me to write more than that about how terrible your club is. I could write a book about how terrible your club is and it would be longer than Atlas Shrugged and filled with more frustration than Mein Kampf. I'm standing in this club writing this on my phone which says enough about how much I hate it. Satan himself complained about the environment and said he's going back to Hell because he felt uncomfortable. If I had the option, I would join him.
Best Eggs Benedict in town. Best. I love this place and you should, too. Fresh baked goods, excellent, piping hot and lemony zesty eggs benedict. I love it.
This place is closed due to a fire. They should post that and when they plan on reopen ing
Voodoo lounge? More like poopoo lounge!Charged a 10.00 cover per person Paid 28.00 for 2 drinks!! OFF TO THE VENETIAN FOR LIVE MUSIC AND DOLLAR DRINKS!!
Just across from banana republic. Menu reminded me of similar items at True Food Kitchen.  This place is nice and great location in Kierland, however, I think the food is tastier at TFK.  Sorry Greene House.  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Had turkey pita sandwich and chicken club I think?  Club was better.
Valet doesn't respond to call downs. Walk your ticket to the valet guy.  The girls behind the counter are too fake nice.  They have all memorized their scripts and if you ask them a question outside of the script, they get confused.  The pool area was beautiful as our room over looked it.  The grounds were well maintained as was our room.  Several of our friends did complain of dirty rooms.  The bathroom was well appointed, but the shower was smaller than we are used to in this level hotel.  Overall, the room worked great for our one night stay.  If we got a great deal on the hotel again, we would stay there, but not worth $300/night
Come at 4 pm. It costs more because they just switched to dinner, but so much less crowded.As good as it gets in Vegas for healthy food that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
This place is amazing the salad is delicious. Delicious i want more i want to go back again
It's just $10/month. Can't go wrong with that!  What I'd like to add is they need free wi-fi and to really help with that funky bathroom smell.  For two years now it's still had the same smell.  Come on already with that.  While we're on the bathroom talk, why in the world is the tp holder so damn big next to the pot?  Sitting on the pot you have a constant lean.  Ridiculous.Other than that- all else is good.Update- they now have wi-fi!!!!
Greg the bartender is the best!! If you stop In make sure you look for him!! And the food is always amazing. It always hits the spot
Consistently good, this location has $5 Coppola wines on Tuesday nights. A welcome relief from the $18.oo  9oz pours in their regular wine offering list.It wasn't busy at the bar, the service was excellent, and the food was perfectly cooked. Ordered Chicken Parm and substituted Fettuccine Alfredo for the regular spaghetti (no charge for this!)Overall, it is a really nice restaurant and very well run.
The food was so fresh and delicious! The wait staff was friend, quick, and courteous.  The restaurant is kid friendly.
So delicious!! Best Pizza I've had in Arizona. And the Burrata was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm in the mood for authentic wood fired pizza.
Some of the best pizza in Phoenix and wonderful ambience too! Every pizza I've had is delicious, and lots of vegetarian friendly options.
I lived in Naples Italy, this takes me right back there!! Awesome, I had the Margherita Pizza, first bite brought back memories.
Fun! Great food! First time here, and already anxious to go back! Sit on the patio.  So comfy.  And leave room for dessert!
Meal and service was exceptional! The pasta was simple and tasty. The nice brick interior and music added a great ambiance. The Maculan wine is a must have! Nutella anything is my favorite.
One of my favorite places in Phoenix! Cibo is an awesome choice for a group dinner with friends. The atmosphere, the service and the food, all were top notch. Looking at the decorations and interior design, this place really worked hard at making it a great ambience. The food was phenomenal from start to finish. I definitely recommend this place especially if you are a vegetarian! They also accommodate gluten free options. Everything was yummy make sure to save room for the crepes! The Fresca with ice cream is my favorite.
Best Pizza in Phoenix. Period! A++ Everything here is the highest quality. Superb...and the Creps are phenomenal for desert. Again A++
This is your girl, Aliya Leigh. At FEZ. LOVE IT. My friends are always here. The staff is great and the place is chic. If you want to be fab, u have to eat here. Twitter: aliya_leigh http://www.aliyaleigh.com
FEZ burger is very very good.  If you're looking for a great burger that has a different flavor go with the FEZ burger.
Love the White pizza with Garlic and Pepp. Amazing pizza. Come Herr when I can. Service is always polite and food comes in a reasonable time. Would recommend always.
Not a good place to stay in Vegas!  We arrived at Vegas around 12:30 pm on a Friday night, we had to wait more than an hour just to check in.  We were so tired that we just wanted to get to our room.  The check in process was slow and inefficient. Even they renovated the hotel, the hotel still feels dated.  The room feels dirty and uncomfortable. I will not recommend people to stay here for Vegas.  There's a lot of nicer hotels around.
We just checked in and were upgraded to the junior suite. LOLOLOL this is our view. Seriously for $240 I think we deserved better.Oh and ran to the men's room when we arrived only to find no toilet paper.
The worst place. The worst staff. Stay somewhere else.  2am inconveniences. Credit card miscief. Do not trust
Amazing customer service! Fast and delicious! Very happy we decided to check out this place! #Yummy
Great place to enjoy great company with great drinks and food yeah heWahoo yippee:) :)
What a joke, 50+ empty tables and its a 30 min wait. Came here in January and it was seat yourselves. What happened! We love this place, but they need to figure this out On the plus side live band and good food. Just fix the seating please
This place is a shithole. Smells like suntan lotion and broken dreams. Now for the food, How do you fuck up a burger? My advice to all.... Just keep walking, there are better things to eat out there. Don't waste your time or money on cesspool dump of a place. Oh one last thing, my watermelon "margarita" tasted like syrup and artificial lime. Just don't eat here.
dinner in Paris... Las Vegas that is :)Creamy chicken penne with pesto was sooo tasty! Roasted chicken, sun-dried tomatoes tossed in a light pesto cream sauce... need I say more! Yummy! Came with a loaf of bread and two breadsticks with dipping oil to start you off. Even sweeter deal that we used a Groupon offer and our whole dinner was free! Sweet! Keith was our waiter and he was an awesome, elderly gentleman. Couldn't have asked for a more pleasant evening!
This place is a hidden gem and when driving through here for years I have to say the exterior makes me a bit weary on whether this place is capable of producing great food.  We decided to stop by for lunch with a few compadres from the office.  The moment you park in the back and walk in you know toto would be saying we are not in Phoenix anymore but he would say donde estamos aka as where are we?  This place is an interesting spot and the experience was beyond my expectations.  I want to come back as soon as we can make it to a margarita kind of night simply because they have a great array of tequilas and the food was spot on during my visit.  You have to respect a Mexican spot that has a very small menu, this means confidence!  They have a great Agua Fresca selection that they will continue to refill for you.  Our table tried all different plates and they were awesome.. I recommend their chilaquiles.  Finish off with a great flan and you will quickly realize why you never came here knowing it was here all along.. If you can uncover what is upstairs, please do so as it leaves me wanting to sneak in and find out.
Good food but a little on the expensive side considering the portion size. I ordered the enmolada plate for lunch and all it was was just two small chicken enchiladas with mole, no beans and rice.Stay away from the caldo de pollo, it was pretty bland. If your really hungry, not a place to eat.
Nice! Great Uchi No salad and Casa Blanco maki. Service A plus. I would recommend this restaurant any day!!
This place is exactly what the name states. A Pinball  Musuem. It smells like men and quarters but that's the awesome part. Bring cash and possibly a flashlight (hahha.) Bring kids over 10 years old and up. Too crowded for little ones.
Loved the pinball hall of fame! It's a great time! $10 will last you at least an hour!
Everything you think it will be and more. Enjoy! The guys who run it will help you with tips and are super friendly. Have fun playing new games and the kicker is the challenge of playing enough while you are here. Plan 2 trips to the this gem.
Love this place !!!! Go there, bring quarters. Have fun ! I live within a ten minute walk to this place and really enjoy going there just to unwind the brain for a few. Great games and excellent help if something doesn't work quite right. Also, try the popcorn!
Great place, we had a great time! Love all the retro machined. My hubby had a blast! We would definitely go again when ever in Vegas again!
If you go with a group of friends, all of you do the all you can eat. They won't let you share if you are doing the AYCE and a friend isn't.When i feel like having sushi at work for lunch, I always call here for an order to pick up ;) Its really convenient and ready to pick up in 10 Minutes. I usually come here for the AYCE special. You have two sides on the menu and the appetizers and ice cream desserts are also included in the AYCE menu. The shrimp Tempura and the Ahi Poke are my two favorite appetizers. I will usually order five servings in one sitting. ;) Great stuff. My newest favorite roll there is the Mesquite Roll. Its a Spicy tuna roll topped with Raw Salmon and Mango strips topped with a mango chutney sauce. This roll is refreshing and different from the usual rolls on the menu. The place is usually always busy when i go there to eat and the staff usually is very attentive. You must try some of the baked rolls that they have on the menu, its really good and I am starting to order those a lot more every time i visit. I order the Jason Roll: California roll with scallops and cream cheese, baked and topped with yum yum sauce. It melts in your mouth, but watch out, let it cool down before biting into it its HOT. and attempting to pick it up while hot is a no-go. haha unless you want it on your clothes...i would wait a little bit. This place is family friendly and don't forget to try some of the special rolls that they put out (usually its written on paper and pasted on the walls in the restaurant) Happy dining!!!
Absolutely amazing... Worth every penny!!! This is the first time I've been here and I gotta say I'm definitely coming back!!
All the best sweets!!! Must stop here. They have so much to choose from. I'm a fan of the milkshakes and macaroons.
How do you have a highly rated French bakery and can't serve a crepe??  Would expect a place open until 2 am to serve or state that things close, not have you make a decision on yelp and get there and not be able to get what they are highly rated for!
Wow! $103.75 for TWO people?! Cheap! Har har... (That was my Quick Tip?) Add $10 tip to that...Anywho, this place is sooooo overrated! Avoid @ all costs & go to Bellagio, Bally, or Rio's buffet! Not only is it overly costly here, there is so little variety! Poor quality as well! Let me recall the types of cuisines available...American: PIZZA?? (I'm here to eat food that I cant find elsewhere!)                  Salads & Soup (asparagus, clam chowder, chicken noodle)-Ceasar, Baby Spinach w/ creamy balsamic & candied walnuts-NOTHING special @ all! U can have better @ Soup Plantation.                Meats-Prime Rib (only thing worth mentioning), Corn Flake fried chicken (I can make this @ home!), turkey, & typical sides like mashed potatoes, corn, & green beans. It tasted alright...                Seafood: Crab legs (only thing worth ur money), small shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon-MEH.Italian: Fattening pastas I didnt even bother touching...you can even create ur own & have them make it.Indian: Typical stuff u can find anywhere! Didnt even eat it-didnt look appetizing.Asian: Again, typical un-quality stuff u can find @ your typical Hong Kong/Panda express. I did find the pork dumpling savory, however. Fried rice, japanese eggplant, veggie eggrolls, shrimp shu mai...          Japanese: So disappointing!!! NO sashimi, there were only small tiny rolls-not even REAL rolls...more like Kappa Maki with overly soggy rice used. Didnt touch this either-looked totally unappealing!         Vietnamese? I didnt check on this but the main reason why I went here is because my husband LOOOVES Pho & he said he read a review on here & someone mentioned PHO! Nope, no Pho whatsoever in sight. Disappointment.Desserts: Have had better elsewhere as well. Creme Brule was too liquid-y. Fancy-looking desserts in shot glasses were just mere pudding. They had a crepe maker person. I didnt try it but my husband did. It looked alright. There were a lot of people there & we all felt so claustrophobic! Tables are small & only fit like 3 plates.
Thank goodness it's free! I actually wasn't very impressed with the lunch spread. I've always wanted to try this place because I remember when the Wynn's buffet was the place to go! Hubby was fortunate to get free passes at the buffet (breakfast or lunch only), but when I looked around, there really was no entree that I just HAD to try. The desserts were very nicely presented, but the rest was unremarkable. Maybe dinner is better?
Best buffet in town, fresh, clean, great service. A lot of vegan options if you're into that. Worth the price you get what you pay for. Decorations are awesome, and servers are very friendly, oh and the food yeah amazing.
Save your appetite for this place, there is a lot of good food!!!! My only complaint about this place is the ambiance looks like an old fashioned ice cream parlor.
No choose for veggie lover and seafood lover need to give more choose for Indian food
too pricey , not a lot of choices I expected much base on the reviews It didnt ment my expectations bad chrismas dinner for us, i dont mind paying but it has to be worth it.
No sleeves. No service. For men. Lame. You can buy a tshirt for $13. I can't understand this rule. This is a buffet. Not really considered "fine dining."
Lunch on Wednesday. Too much razzle-dazzle, not enough content. It was uninspired because one can make the exact thing, exact flavor, exact quality at home with just a few ingredients. This place had beautiful decorations but I'm not going to eat them so what good does it do me? Another way to think of this place is like a term paper that is beautifully bound with copies for everybody grading it but just too poorly written.
The best buffet ever! So amazing! Beautiful decoration and presentation, lots of food, Asian, Italian and more...
The gelato was great and the crab was easy to eat! The prime rib was also good and there was great service.
I had a hot mama and portabella mushroom and it was yummy. The portabella was good taste like beef. And Hot Mana is just that hot. Not too much but enough to say hot
Delicious! Friendly service at the bar. Get the cheese and eat platter. The atmosphere is calm easy going classy. Will be back.
High class Chinese food! :)Its kind of funny cause back in Davis there is a Red88 not to get confused, 2 different things...Surprisingly...with the high cost, the portions were not bad especially the fried rice dishes. Of course, your still looking at $10+ for some fried rice ($5 in normal places) but hey everything in Vegas is over priced. Authentic or not?Actually Authentic, yet another surprise. it actually doesn't taste like it is completely catered to American Style. Setting: Very nice and Asianish as in they have a lot of statues of budas and what not. Very Asian detailing on the walls and plates and the colors were RED (obvious from the name) and black. Service: It was ok, not the greatest. Never really asked how we were doing and hard to get a hold of them.Price: TOOOO Much for Asian food. Duck: SoO goooood! it may look small but actually filling
Lunch with my hot wife.The dim sum was delicious we had several kinds and everything was prepared perfectly. The service was excellent and the price was reasonable. I would definitely recommend this to anyone in the area where the special trip just to try the tasty delicacies.
Fancy decor, above average Chinese food. Expensive, expected for Wynn.  Walnut. Shrimp is good. Sea bass with black bean sauce is really tasty.Friendly staff.
Authentic Cantonese cuisine and decorated very nicely. The chairs aren't that comfortable but the Kung pap chicken was vey good.  Wait staff was friendly and they speak Cantonese.
This might be the most priciest Friggin meal ....^That was my tip when I checked into this place three months ago.Reflecting back on this experience, I have to say, I wasn't very impressed. Now look, I'm not saying this just to one-up anybody or anything. This is how it truly was to me, although my friend's palettes may differ. Our group ordered the prix fix menu. Nothing on it stood out to me. What I remember from the dish was the tater-tots which complemented the main piece was too overpowering, and the filet mignon just didn't have the taste this particular meat normally has. The dish we unanimously enjoyed was the foie gras...they literally gave us about five pounds of it. I've never seen so much of this ingredient in one place than I did here!If you're looking into an experience of fine dining and impeccable service; come here. If you're looking for tasty food and value, don't come here.
Big fan. Great food, very pricey but worth every penny. We had a great time. Great service and great food.
No credit cards, yoSoups are vegan, get an amazing fougasse to accompany it to make a filling meal.But save room for the awesome vegan baked goods :) sooooo many choices of cookies, muffins, cupcakes- YUM!tasty coffeegrungy hipster vibe.
A small cozy space to spend the whole night. Too bad they don't accept any cards... Haven't tried the food yet, but would definitely like to try it in the near future!
Loved the service and bartenders! !!Fantastic seafood dinner and the whiskey selection is dynamite
Balcony is ok, recommend lower seats. We got seats on the balcony and could see only the stage. Which is ok till the blue man group goes into the audience. Also they drop huge balls and tons of tissue on you down below the balcony. The balcony gets about 12% of that action. Overall you get a pretty good experience.
My wife and I went and were very entertained!  Great show in all aspects.  The Blue Men have the most awesome stare (once you go, you will see what I mean), the stage and band were top notch. It is in a big comfortable setting. Definitely worth the money.
We love this show it's a really great show this is our second time seeing it. I would see this over Chris angel
The sushi was good enough - nothing to blow your mind but good enough that I would possibly consider a return trip if I was regularly in the area.  But the service was pretty terrible.  Our server was pretty clueless about our menu questions, and he rarely checked in.  He was at a level at which I thought he was new, but it didn't seem like he was shadowing or that anyone was helping, so perhaps not.I considered giving them a 3 star based on the food and reasonable prices during happy hour, but you can find such better service on the Strip.  They would have earned it with a different server, no doubt!One shining moment from our visit  - Try the Emperor's Cucumberita -  yum!
Best Happy hour 3-7 Mon-Sat and get the 22oz Kirin and small sake for $7.75. Salmon carpaccio was nice and Vegas roll. Can't go wrong with the tuna Tataki and rainbow roll for $7.75 each during HH.
My wife Bridgette and I love this place. Best Happy Hour for sushi in Vegas. Phenomenal service and great quality sushi. Very reasonable prices. Tracy is a great bartender. Been coming here to see her for happy hour for the past 5 years. That says something in itself.
Great food. Easy to get to.  Great service.  We walked in at 530 and sat a sushi bar with no wait.  Prices were reasonable.  We had the sashimi salad and it was wonderful and a really big portion.
All you can eat is the ultimate rip off-and our waiter was so slow, we complained and the manager was a douchebag. Don't go here!!If you're going to advertise all you can eat sushi, then you give people all they can eat sushi!! Simple? Not for Ah Sin. There are SO many better places in Vegas.
Sit outside and be prepared to wait! I ordered the steak and eggs. The steak was not good, but i was starving. My friend ordered the pancakes and they looked AWESOME!!Overall it is a nice place to stop and people watch. Keep your order simple.
Vegetarian Menu is pretty awesome!I have always really liked the Terrace Pointe Cafe. I have been dining here during the Summer months for years, and sometimes during the not so warm months if I am at Wynn for an event or a show. The Cafe sits overlooking the Wynn pool and is a nice view when the weather is warm ;) Here is the thing..it's a cafe. Simple, but elegant in it's styling. Used to be 24 hours, but now only into late night I believe. I have always been a fan. You can get everything from a burger and fries to a Vegetarian menu option of a burger and fries. I have had their 'veggie burger' and fries served with a cashew milk-chocolate shake and really enjoyed it. it's comfortable, and clean, and the food is made well and tastes good. Sure it's not your most typically priced 24 hour, but you are on a 5 star property and the food is comparable to the price point. That being said, it's usually about $40 each when I have dined at Terrace Point, but we have a few drinks, appetizers, dinner.. it's all good and not too much more than I would spend at any other cafe around Vegas. Th atmosphere is relaxed with comfortable seating and they have good food and a full bar. For that I'm In! Check it out!
But the rooms are nice but don't do the timeshare meeting no matter how much they ask or offer. It will ruin your trip. If you say no, they get very rude. I was considering buying timeshare with Hilton but after this experience I will never consider it. I will spend my money with Disney. I would give more stars but my experience with the timeshare people left a bad taste in my mouth.
Check in was pretty fast during the late evening. Friendly service. Security abundant and present in the evening. Two way in two way out. Room was clean and spacious. Plenty of hot water. Very fast elevators. Parking structure isn't as far as yelpers say. They have a security guard monitoring entry & exit of parking lot. Tips/FYI: Valet parking $13 + Self parking $8 = RIP OFF!!!Any purchases must be charged to room or credit card. Internal market is pretty expensive. $13 for. 6 pack of bottles beer. $6 for a pint of ice cream. $4 for ice cream bar. $2 for microwave popcorn.Free DVD rental per day.
Rude and unprofessional Hilton shuttle drivers!  Rooms are very cold!!!  Parking should be complimentary just like the rest of Vegas. I would not recommend this place to anyone!  I travel to Vegas 2-3 times a month for extended days and this is the first time I have ever been mistreated by a driver.
Soooooo good the steak was top quality!!!!! filet.mignon amazing!! service was nice as well as the view great water show while you eat!
Amazing meal. Hefty price.... But when in Vegas...The steak was tender, cooked to perfection, service was timed perfectly. The wine? Fantastic! As a bonus, we bumped into mike Tyson, who was also dining there. If iron mike eats there, it's got to be good, right?
Excellent service, excellent food, excellent ambience! 5 stars if you go you must sit on the patio area, when I went it was down for remodeling so I guess I will have to come back again
Don't ever trust THIS location for out of stock item reorders! I was told delivery was tuesday then another friday. Neither had the item I needed and they TOTALLY fail at resolving the problem! HELLOOO How about "Let me check another store for you" THAT'S Customer service satisfaction! FAIL!! HOWEVER! The rest of the store is worth the local trip! Customers ARE greeted as soon as they step in with "Welcome to CVS! Let us know if you need any help!" And even check if you need help on checkout. How AWESOME is that? And you leave with "Have a nice day" Wish everyone else did the same!
Phantom pre show dinner!This place was a pretty intimate setting with small tables and big spaces. Nice decorations were placed around the room, and the staff was extremely helpful.I really liked the lobster bisque.If you're looking out for it, you'll have to keep your eyes peeled because we walked by it twice before noticing the girl at the podium out front. That's basically the only sign that shows you can enter into something from there, so be careful.
service is ok.  food is just average and not worth the price.  their appetizers (mussells), entre (steak for two) and desserts (souflou and bread pudding) are all disappointing.  i certainly won't go back there again.
Quick Tip: Great Italian food :) has a small banquet room in the back, too.A friend of mine recently got married and had his reception here. We came in through the back of the restaurant and I was amazed at how beautiful it looked. The hallways were decorated with vintage looking furniture, and the reception hall itself was beautiful. It had a big windown that you can see part of the Las Vegas strip from. Lots of light.The dinner was sit-down buffet style. We had three courses: Appetizer, Main course and dessert. The food was awesome, most especially because there was only one dish with tomatoes! This was a special Italian restaurant and I was so happy to be able to try all their food.The salad was excellent: fresh lettuce, blue cheese and dressing. There were two types, but I didn't get to taste the other one. The calamari was really good, too.The cheese ravioli was a big hit at our table. Something so simple was so delicious, and felt so light in your mouth. There was chicken florentine, a steak with mushroom and then eggplant parmesian. I heard that this one was the best dish out of the main course, but i couldn't sample it. Guess why? :PThe dessert was cheesecake with strawberries, as well as a fruit plate with pineapples, honeydew, cantaloupes, grapes, strawberries, watermelons. Fresh. everything just tasted so fresh.The best part of this dinner was that we found out that this reception place was a restaurant towards the front entrance. There is a full bar, and it looked like really efficient servers. They were all polite, too. This is a place to definitely check out if you aren't interested in buffets, or just want to sample a different type of life with Vegas. Definitely a great atmosphere, with great food...and even better with great friends and family.
Came for New Year's Day. Can get busy. Make a reservation. Don't be afraid to ask if you don't see it on the menu. The chef can usually whip it up. Love the Chef K Lobster carbonara , chicken parm, Lasgana, bruschetta, tomato soup, and chocolate cake! Also have requested a broccoli, chicken, and garlic pasta. Wonderful!! Big portions. About $1-2 more per meal than your other Italian chains but so worth it! Stephanie was our server. Local girl who knew the menu and could manage her time and the crowd. Would love to have her again!
Don't get the unlimited alcohol unless you like cheap wine and miller light draft. Tipping the bar tender well got us upgraded to the "good wine" which was still pretty cheap stuff.The food was pretty good though, we were definitely satisfied with everything but the alcohol.
Best meal I ever had at a buffet. Comfortable. Great ribs and soups. Ask for chaiwat for server
They may offer quantity... But not quality. Not worth the money.
Food and deserts were good and service was also attentive.  This buffet was much better than the other non-upgrade places on the Caesar's entertainment venue.  The crab legs were frozen but they also had hot ones as well.  The gelato was very good.
A bit noisy for dinner but the fried chicken is awesome! Parking is a bit of a hassle on a bumpin' night but the complimentary valet is a plus! During the holidays the restaurant is decked out to suit any holiday dinner you plan on sharing with fam or a friend.
Birthday party for wife. Reservations for 12 @ 6pm...Nope 8 people at 7:30. Hope it gets better.... Beyond the reservations being messed up, and serve being a bit slow, food was good! It was restaurant week so maybe that was the downfall of service. The Roasted Prime Rib was awesome!UPDATE: I was contacted a few short hours after my review and they are truly committed to service! Based on the offer they have extended to my wife and I, we will be back. 2nd review to come........Ok, went and used the very generous offer from Chelsea's. Service was much more improved. Food was still really good. Food was never the issue, it was service. Great friendly, fast, no issues. Must have just been a fluke the last time. Will be back! Thanks Chelsea's for making this what it should have been....a great dinner to start the night!
Delicious burgers. Definitely order medium rare. We ordered coffee from the coffee press and that was great as well. Good service and nice ambiance.
Best restaurant and best ambience. ... love to visit again for nice dinner. I recommend to whoever is on a business trip
Awesome meal, location and atmosphere. This was my birthday experience and I was looking  for some place new and boy was I not disappointed.My other half and I were pleasantly surprised with set tables  outside the main door and the rotisserie grill. We didn't have a wait and that was a plus for the Mr. On the patio I felt very comfortable since there are heaters and one huge, gorgeous fireplace! :)I chose this restaurant because of reviews and the food  selection for my other half. Me? Not quite as selective but I found two meatless meals. I chose the veg burger and he chose salmon and the deviled eggs app. Yum for the eggs. Tastey and lots of egg yolk goodness .The Veg burger is made in house and you can't go wrong with that. I usually request mustard or sauce but in this case I didn't need any. A bit messy but that happens with a fresh , house made veg burger. No complaints here. Oh, and the fries? Heaven. Not salty, not spicey but they had a wonderful seasoning on them I loved.  Hubby did too since I decided  to share. His salmon was  moist  and tender. He is NOT a vegetable eater so the cabbage and baby potatoes were pushed aside. (sigh)This evening we didn't partake of any alcoholic beverages but they offer many selections. And dessert? While there was something I might have tried, sadly, I was too full .YES, we will be back. I want to try the veg tacos and we saw lots of good looking food being served that needs to be explored.Parking: Small parking lot but they offer complimentary valet.Definitely a must try for Brunch :)
Fantastic /unique cocktails, great views & adornments - just like the Wynn. Go... See for yourself!
Good vibe ,our server was adorable and attentive .prices were what you would expect on the Vegas strip
food was good. when I was there they have buffet only. I think that's not right. they need to provide regular menu.
Don't go to this placeNot even one item is edibleVery bad serviceExcept water nothing tasted goodWaste of money
excellent vegetarian food,  an oasis for Indian food in Vegas.  Try paneer butter masala and malai kofta., the daal tadka is delicious too!
Amazing spicy food with a very friendly staff. Would love to come over here again and again. Reminds me of home food
The food is outstanding customer service is great excellent value. I've been I have been here several times the food is consistently delicious.
Great place a real surprise.  Excellent menu.  Excellent service and a very nice, telluride type of decor.  We will be back!
Love the Dirty Leprechaun it's a must have house shot. It's an excellent atmosphere I will definitely come back. The band plays at a level where you can still socialize while enjoying the music. Next time I will try the food.
Book your tickets in advance. Great seats all around. This is one of my favorite shows on the Strip. The seats are comfortable too! I'm a local, I've seen many shows on the Strip and this is one of the best. People compare this to O but I don't. Everyone is a critic but the show opened in May 2005 so they must be doing something right. They also offer a Backstage Tour which I recommend doing after you see the show. You will be amazed at what goes on behind the scenes and how much hard work and dedication goes into putting this show on.
Great show and spectacular performers located in the beautiful Wynn Hotel. All of the seats are great so consider purchasing splash zone seating (sprinkles in lieu of an actual splash).
This is sooo much better than KA! I love this show so much ive seen it twice! The costumes and lighting were fantastic! Everything was just amazing!
The nutella croissant is such a treat!! The drinks are cheap, the people are relaxed, the food is gourmet enough to call gourmet, but not so much that you're paying beau coup bucks to enjoy an evening of tasty food and delightful drinks. I love Carly's-- it's become a downtown staple and I always visit whenever I come back into town and drag people who are visiting in with me!
Food with an artsy twist!Me and my co-workers eat here regularly, and it is always good food.  They have some interesting combinations on menu, and all are good.A word of warning though...They put their own spin on everything they make, so enjoy it for what it is, and do not spend your lunch trying to compare to other places, for they are in their own class.  For example, they last time I was in I ordered the Gryos sandwich.  At first glance, I looked at this pita stuffed with only a few strips of meat and what appeared to be an over abundance of vegetables.  After diving into it, I quickly learned to appreciate the sandwich for the art it was.  The flavors were well balanced and every little ingredient complemented the others in a very palate pleasing way.For the little kid in you, try the Grown-up Grilled Cheese Sandwich which comes with a cup of tomato soup that is not what you grew up with.  The soup is lighter than you would assume with a very bright tomato  taste and a good balance of herbs and spices.  The sandwich is a decent blend of cheeses with something they call proscuitto bacon, and the sandwich is good, however, as any good italian (or cook) will tell you, proscuitto is meant to be served cold or at room temperature (with very few exceptions), and in my opinion, this use fails where a simple piece of regular bacon would shine.
Best whiskey sangria and brie sandwich! ! Place to go for sure on first Fridays.  I love their hours,  they seem to always be open. Great for any occasion,  dinner, lunch, by yourself or why friends,  drinks,  happy hour... cool, down to earth, tasty.
Nothing like a warm chalice right out of the dishwasher to hold my Stella.  I can't stand this bar because of the consistently shitty bartenders.  Yet, it's location is prime to meet up with people and it has it's own parking lot which is also convenient.  It's got a nice little vibe going on inside but again, I've never anything but terrible service.
Favorite restaurant in the PHX metro area. Drinks awesome, eveything about thus place is great.
Best happy hour in town by far! I've literally had every appetizer and drink on the happy hour menu and everything is excellent.My favorite drink is the "bourbon smash" but the "hot n dirty" is the best bang for your buck. You cant really go wrong with any of the drinks as they are all strong... its just that the "hot n dirty" has a little more kick to it :)The appetizers are pretty big too considering its a happy hour menu. My favorite appetizers are the chicken drumettes with the honey bourbon sauce and the artisan grilled cheese with the brie and fig jam but the prime rib dip comes in at a close 3rd place. We loved the artisan grilled cheese so much that we began making it at home for and afternoon snack.We ordered 5 appetizers, 7 mixed drinks, and 1 large bottle of Pellegrino and the total bill came to $46.30 (i am also going to upload the picture of the bill). The funniest part is that the water was the most expensive thing on the menu.We left there stuffed, drunk, and had money left over in our pocket. We have been back several times and will continute to go there.I hear they have an awesome brunch complete with bloody mary bar.you can view the happy hour menu here:http://www.hotelvalleyho.com/pdf/zuzuhappyhour.pdf
I'm pasting the same comment four times so it posts as a review and not as a tip.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.
7-11 has better pizza and at a better price too. The sauce and cheese isn't too bad but the crust was like cardboard. Go eat at Johnie Rockets instead
Mediocre food... Lito the guy serving the ice cream was not friendly. :( first visit and last visit. The warm crab legs are only for VIP members. :o(
Pretty good selection and freshness. We liked the the small portions that made it easier to taste many things. Has a $9.99 add on for all you can drink beer/wine. No crab legs. Great cornbread. Great selection of dessert! Use real ice cream including chocolate, vanilla, mint, cookies n cream, strawberry.
Trying this place for the first time and this place is packed not even McDonald's gets this crazy. The double burger is awesome I was surprised to only see 3 burgers on the menu. There keeping it simple 10 times better then all the burgers that I have tried
F*cking love this place every time!Protein style booooi! Healthy fast food. Nom nom nom
This place SUCKS for drive thru on a Saturday it took forever...Dontt come here...The intercom was a piece of crap they could not hear the customer...
Best fast food burger by far!!! Never have to pull to the side and wait. The order is always complete and not missing items. Thick and creamy shakes
This burger, fries and shake rocks wherever you are. Fresh hot double-double.
Still undecided in how I'll review this. So far the service is by far some of the worst I've ever received. Haven't even eaten yet.CRAP crap CRAP crap CRAP crap service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!There are no words in how displeased I am....
dinner in Paris... -sigh- maybe one day the real thingDined here for the first time and all went well.  Came here for dinner and food was great. We love meat and there was no shortage of it here. Plenty to choose from including roast prime rib, lamb, turkey and pork brisket. As far as seafood choices we had ice cold crab legs and they were already cracked open, actually, they were sliced in half to expose the crab meat. I had the salmon and it was tasty and delicious. Also tried the sauteed mushrooms... yummy! For dessert, there were choices of tiramisu, creme brulee, creme caramel... oh, yes, I tried them all! Originally priced at $30.99/ea with their rewards card. We used our dining voucher from our timeshare resort gifted to us. Lighting was dim and the atmosphere was themed as if dining outdoors in a village (hence, the name of this buffet restaurant). The servers were dressed as village locals. Had great dining experience here.
Make a reservation through 'Open Table' a day in advance. Gotta hit a buffet when your in Las Vegas, right? This wasn't a crazy luxurious buffet but it was decent. We went for lunch. Didn't wait long at all.All the buffet standerds and French dishes too. Plenty of food choices but not overwhelming. Crepe station was yummy. The pastries were good. Definitely got our money's worth.
All you can eat Great Food for a good price. Added to the experience of being in Vegas.
5 off with foursquare check in at total rewards desk which is a great deal!The moules and other seafood was good. I didn't particularly enjoy the prime rib or tri tip. Fish was cooked well but make sure you stay away from the salads! It got my boyfriends dad really sick and ruined the rest of our trip. He threw it up that night and no more buffets in the land of buffets.The macarons looked good but were stale.The crepes are cooked to order and the #1 Monkey crepe was excellent! Banana, Nutella and chocolate. For $30, you could probably eat at a better buffet.
Sooo yummy and awesome prices. I've never had anything bad here and service is excellent. I definitely recommend
Tacos al pastor... That's the way to go!! This place is an "upscale" Mexican restaurant with hip music and classy décor.  I've tried a few different things on the menu but nothing compares to the Tacos al Pastor. They have the perfect mix of spices, heat, and sweetness from the pineapple pieces. I also LOVE their chips and salsa, the quality of the chips and salsa is usually a good indicator for me of how well I am going to like a  Mexican restaurant...and theirs gets an A+! PS: Give their tres leches dessert a try...its amazing!
Great food and service the menu covers a wide variety of taste and flavors this place is great we came back for brunch and OMG and waiter Manny was the best we will be back again and again
Yes!  Someone does it right in CLT area. Food was great and good prices.The atmosphere is great the service was great. A lot of professionals at lunch
Very bad food . Had chicken teriyaki with rice .. So bad I had to trash it.. Stale food .. ....
kansas city beef rib.  period.  that's my tip, I'm stickin' to it.  That rib will stick to your ribs too in a most delightful way.everything else is good.  But my wife and I are hooked on that giant rib.   Beer selection is outstanding.  service is excellent.  the vibe is fun.   Fast for a while and then go have that rib!   McRib?  Uck. Mac'sRib?  YESSSS!
Good food, especially the green bean casserole, Mac n cheese and BBQ! I love going there after work on Friday's with friends. Great atmosphere, great beer selection and good food. Perfect place for drinks with friends
I have been waiting since Mon. For accounting to return my phone call it is Thurs. Even escalated it to a manager he still hasn't returned my phone calls! I don't think this is a corporate renaissance!!  Feels like a franchise!  But I need someone to take ownership of this Marriott rewards issue!  Not the first time I have stayed here & always have a billing issue!!!! Never fails!!! **BEWARE****The front desk personnel don't know correct information about their rewards program! Glad I am writing this so I'll remember why this will be the last hotel I choose to stay at when in Vegas.
It was really delicious! The Sichuan beef noodle is just like home made dish!：）Thai ice tea is fantastic! and any other dish looks really good.
Delicious Pho! Good for the soul after eating all the buffets in Vegas. Priced just right being inside the Venetian. Ambient is a little too noisy being next to the casinos but who cares!
Absolutely the best cuisine ever!!!  We ordered edamame, chicken lettuce wraps, beef and broccoli, and pan fried noddles extra crispy with chicken. The flavors were divine and the meals were fresh. Service was fast and courteous. We never received the edamame so it was taken off our bill. We didn't have room for it after the other food we ate. We had plenty of leftovers and ended up bagging them up for a few homeless people on the strip. Can't wait to go back--yum!!!!
Quite simple great service great food.We thoroughly enjoyed our meal very affordable prices excellent customer service very attentive everything came out proper temperature great portion sizes we were satiated and it was good quality time
Perfect place for yogurt ice cream. Me and my wife visited this place and we really liked it. Quantity is huge and we couldn't finish it.
Great food, wine, and atmosphere. Inside of MGM hotel. Strongly recommend it. Pawan Pinisetti the executive chef stopped by to ensure we are enjoying our meal. Great guy who cares.
I had an amazing experience here the food was fantastic and so was the service the manager loved that I was a Florida Gators fan
Eeh. It's ok. Not for the price. But it won't kill you. Service is on the slow side. There are a lot better places to get amazing food for less than half the price.
We were looking for some coffee and a brunch-type food in Paris Las Vegas.  Le Cafe looked inviting enough and listed eggs any style on menu, so we decided to give it a try.The waitress took the wrong order and when left.  Her replacement wouldn't take any responsibility or do anything to fix the mistake.  No eggs ever materialize.  The meal was probably edible?  We weren't, it turned out, hungry enough to give it more than a try.  The coffee was a swill.The waiter offered to call the manager, so we spent 10 minute longer at this place waiting for him.  The manager offered to refund some of the money and disappeared.  We didn't wait again. This place has nothing to recommend it.  Bad food, bad coffee, bad service.  And it is not bad in a French way, but in entirely backwaters American, too.
Empty tables but won't seat us. went to the food court instead. is there really a point in making your customers wait for no reason. I saw like about 15 people leave in the time we were waiting as well.
Steam room is not working, when I make reservation no spa staff notice me their steam room is not working, even the spa staff walk me a tour, he shows me the steam room and he didn't mention it's not working. When I paid full price for a massage and spa and want to relax in the steam room, it's not working!! I am very disappointed, this is how the award wining spa service? I hope this review will bring top management attention. I have stay at the hotel Mandalay bay for 4 nights, everything is fine for the hotel but Spa!!!
I had almost forgotten this awesome Library existed!!! :)This library is like a walk down memory lane!! LOVE IT!! I used to come here a lot when I first got my library card. That was back when I was just 8 years old, oh the good times!!! :) This library is so expansive and in great condition, yes its the building that stands right on top of the 101 tunnel. Oh and yes, you will occasionally bump into a homeless person or more who may be there to enjoy the nice A/C on these hot summer days, but no worries!! Their all mostly friendly and quiet.Plus, you wouldn't want to miss out on the massive selection this fine library has to offer!! Enjoy!! :)
Closed due to health code violationsWe last ate here a few months back and were craving some dim sum yesterday.  There is a place called Chou's across the street which was a nice fill-in though
Come here every time I'm in Vegas! If you want to get tipsy, order The Zombie. Be warned not for one person!!! Sometimes there is a line but it is worth the wait. Service is outstanding. I think of this place from time to time and my mouth just starts watering! Love it!
Grosssssssssssssssssss! Just not good. Grosssssssss and expensive. Seriously not good and expensive.
Very, very good! Combination noodles were amazing as were the potstickers! Got right in. Odd how the food comes out though. Got the entree before the appetizer. I highly recommend the food though.
Ask for plastic gloved and go crazy.I like the half chicken, the pork, and ribs.The staff are so upbeat.  When I asked for gloves the waiter was so enthusiastic.  Someone at another table saw what I was doing and he joined in too.
Great for breakfast or brunch. Very country feel. Didn't try any of the specialties, but they looked great.  Will definitely go back to try more dishes!!
BNI group meets here every Wed. morning.  Had the Greek omelette and I simply loved it.  Fresh squeezed OJ as well.  The parfaits are very good too. Service is prompt and attentive.
Best breakfast in town.  I've eaten breakfast here for years and it's always been amazing. I would recommend it to anybody.
Excellent food and service. This place had me smiling all the way home. Great job. Also the fresh squeezed juice is recommended. I haven't found a better option for the price. Great atmosphere.
Way to expensive for what you get. Glad I bought a groupon for this place. The food is way to much for what you get. The atmosphere was alright but nothing to write home to mom about.
Great Hawaiian dinner show, great for all ages , entertaining and energetic .Choice of preset meal fish steak or dinnerTo enjoy during the show.
My favorite!!! Staff is always friendly. Food is great. Never been disappointed here.
If you like small portions and indifferent service this is your spot.  Yawn.  I was very disappointed and expected so much more from chef Keller.
Anything beef is AWESOME here!!! We had a great time, the food was perfect and on time.Waitress was busy but still nice and took care of us. For Vegas, these prices are OK.Great wine selection!!!!
Amazing. Everything is amazing. I don't know what else to say. If you can afford it, eat here at least once in your life
Make sure you get that Palms Club card to save some payola here. The only reason I would recommend dining here would be for the club prices.The food was ordinary at best. What follows is my late night breakfast experience. Though the strips of bacon were on the smallish side, they were prepared with a good blend of tenderness/crunchiness, with an average taste. i ordered my eggs scrambled soft, and they were prepared perfectly. I ordered wheat toast; the bread thickness was in-between the norm and Texas toast. The last item, the home fries, were unbearable. In my travels home fries are typically not fried potato bits, as these were. and as such, the taste was more grease than potato.
Had lunch here today with the family and a couple of friends. We ordered Chinese food and it took a long time for the entrees to be served. The people that sat after us got their food first. When the food was finally served, they were incomplete. We had to wait again for the rest of the food to be delivered to our table. Even though the food server wrote our order down, she forgot a couple of dishes. No one apologized to us for waiting so long.
Service is scanty. Menu limited. Food is okay. Servers are nice enough. We had casual dinner on our first night. The server was nice but we hardly saw him. At breakfast we waited for the server to know we were there to take our order. I just think they need a better server to customer ratio.
Food is delicious and prices are great. Don't miss this.  Crab rangoon and chicken wings are a must.  And the owner lady is a real pistol.  Very funny.
Good food but over priced. And the service wasn't the best. It was actually rather horrible.
Service was okay friendly waitress. Food is always delicious. No wait. Also you can take the tasty lemonade home. Not in the mason jars though.
SARAH is the best waitress!! Food was great. Will definitely come back. The restaurant was clean and service was excellent.
"I love the Jambalaya & Cucumber Lemonade here!" I was a bit skeptical at first because I rarely run into good creole food here in Las Vegas, but this place has good jambalaya. The food was great and the Banana Pudding is to die for! I highly recommend this place for some good creole food and cocktails. The environment is great as well.
Told 30-35 min and have been waiting over an hour now.. So disappointing.  Had we known it would have taken so long.. We would have gone elsewhere.. This place came highly recommended... So the food will hopefully overcome the poor service... (Originally based on the wait promised when we first arrived- I gave them one star)But here is my update based on the rest of the evening.I wanted to revise my review based on the great service provided by our server, Tanner. I'd give him a 5 stars for his patience alone... He did an amazing job accommodating our very large party of 16.  He was genuine, friendly, and very knowledgeable of the menu choices.Earlier in the day, my cousin tried to make a reservation.  She was told that they were unable to do a reservation.  However, after finally being seated, I noticed 2 of the booths adjacent to our large table had "Reserved" signs... Hmmm... Conflicting story.. My husband and I arrived at 5:25pm.  We put our name down (as the rest of our party was parking)  The hostess advised 30-35 minutes.  My husband and I ordered drinks and waited in the bar, and when the rest of our party walked in we went and sat in the parlor.  At no time were we given an update on status of our place in line.  After over an hour, I got up to check.  Still, not ready.  Then my cousin checked, followed by her sister.  She had noticed that a large party (appeared to be over 6 people got seated right away)  I finally got up and told the hostess that it was ridiculous that we had been waiting an hour and a half at that point.With that being said... What my husband and I had I'd give it 4.5 stars, and I know others in our party loved the Ribs, and Chicken.  So based on our poor start to the evening averaged with the great server and the delicious huge portions of food... I'd give it a 3.5...
Let's go SHOPPING! ^_^  Compared to the Charleston outlets these are more up my alley (read: typical Joe Shmoe) with some haute shops sprinkled in.  Plus it has the Lane Bryant outlet for my fellow big girls!
Great stores an great prices. Tbe location is great as well. Lots of food placws near by to eat as well. Going early an on weekdays is best if you dont want a packed store. All in all love the outlets.
This outlet sucks. Old and outdated. My local mall is better than this place.Only thing good at this place is dunkin donuts.
Best red velvet cupcake ever! The sugar cookies just melt in your mouth. The fondant work on the cakes is great, but I do think they are bit expensive.
This business is no longer at this location and is Permanently closed. :(. Yelp requires a longer review in order to post this. This business is permanently closed and is no longer at this location. This business is no longer at this location and is Permanently closed. :(. Yelp requires a longer review in order to post this. This business is permanently closed and is no longer at this location.
Pretty good food, and the beer selection can't be beat!  I just think that they should offer Happy Hour on Sunday evenings (the place was dead, so why not?)--also, the beers aren't very reasonably priced....most were at least $6.50 (or more) for a standard pint.  I understand some of the beers are imported, rare, or whatever, but have some beers in the $5 range (besides Bud--yuck!).
Great family place 5 meals for under $100 can't beat that!Food tastes great and beer and cocktails where pored just right.
Love this place. Get the big bowl and a Togo box. It's just as good the second time! Oh, and stop staring at my bowl...I know it's good.
Holy moly! The slices of pie are huge!!! Unfortunately, all I had was the Coconut Cream Pie, but the portion was ginormous! and it was very good. I saw the sandwiches that they were serving at the deli and those are HUGE as well, so if anything, come with an apetite!
One sandwich a big as a bud beer bottle very good club sandwich, very fast service and the dessert are just as big.
Quick, simple and large portions! You can def plan on sharing unless you are a fatty!!
Worst service. Longest wait . Good burger. Extremely expensive burger.We waited 19 minutes to place our to go order.  Three employees said hi and them quickly left. When we finally placed the order burger was ready 30 seconds later. It must have been pre made.
So Ruben, max meat, so wow.Could have used more flavor.The sandwich was massive, but the flavor was not.  Definitely get a slice of cheese cake and prepare for sticker shock
Best pho. Ever. I will be back for sure for sure. The waiters are really nice as well.
Amazing service and food! The employees are attentive and fast. Food was fast and delicious!
Perfect for a bachelorette party!!! It is a bit on the pricey side but it is worth it for your friend. We were lucky because we sat near the front and they actually pulled our bride to be UP!Its located in one of the older casinos- Excalibur. We went to eat near by before and shuttled over. Make sure you get your bride to be DRUNK! It will make it all more fun.
Worst crack teeth service of my life. Came in for an oil change, had totally useless and rude input. Ended up needing a tow truck.
Wow.  This Bookmans feels different from my usual stores.  Neither better nor worse...interestingly different.  Just wish they weren't being impacted by the construction so much.
Phenomenal steaks and side dishes. Probably the best I've ever had in Vegas. The location is great too because it's central to other hotels on the strip so you don't have to walk too far to get there.
Slow service, dirty birds all over the patio and average food.The fish special was $17 and a really small portion.
Everything we had was amazing!!! Natural, healthy food; my gazpacho with shrimp was crunchy, fresh and packed with flavor. My son ate his chicken shawarma wrap so fast!!! He loved it, and his side do garlic potatoes were great. Wife and daughter shared a salad and a quesadilla. Everyone wished we lived closer (suggested we bring the concept and menu home)Have to imagine you couldn't go wrong here!Wait staff was great, friendly and helpful!
Everything we had was amazing!!!Had a second great meal here in their Flagstaff location.Heading back to Sedona from Grand Canyon, thought we'd yelp a restaurant in flagstaff on the way. When we saw pita jungle listed and verified they were related to the Scottsdale location which we raved about, that's what everyone wanted!Another great meal, wide variety, no item disappointed!
Love everything food wise & good vibe. It's great to sit outside when it's not too hot!
Excellent service, dim sum, & custard-filled desserts!  Open till 10:30 too!  The employees are very friendly.
Not the most customer friendly but good food, comes out fast and real good price. It was my first time having dim sum,but I would definitely come back!
Breakfast buffet: mini donuts!!!!Great service and great breakfast buffet. A bit of a "break" from typical Vegas.
Short ribs, halibut, monkey bread, beignets, coffee! All amazing! Have no idea why the place wasn't packed. The waiter , Miguel was amazing, the food extremely good quality, prepared well and just delicious.
Excellent service and excellent food! Definitely returning soon! I had a caprese salad (the best I've ever had) The homemade pasta was cooked to perfection. They were also extremely accommodating for food allergies.
Great place for Brunch Buffet! Highly recommended it! Great Food, Service, and Variety!
On a recent trip to Vegas for a cheer competition needed to kill some time so was looking for some things to do for the kiddos.Bought tickets on line and jumped right ahead...very easy to do and no hassle just the way I like it. The only thing is that right ahead was still waiting for 20+ mins to get in which was kind of a bummer. Once inside there is pretty cool stuff to look, but don't walk to fast because it will be done quickly. This isn't a very big place so you might want to take your time. It was pretty pricey for 4 people to get in as well $60 bucks for something that wasn't that big. Oh well its Vegas right? The kids really enjoyed it and that's what matters! For me once you have been to one aquarium you have pretty much seen what you are going to see....again it was about the kids! If looking to kill a little time and kid friendly then this is the place to do it.
Small and overpriced with midget sharks that are a far cry from the pictures shown on the ads.  It should be free for mandalay bay visitors.  They force you to take a family picture - in fact, they won't even let you enter unless they take one.It takes about 15 min to get through the whole acquarium.Some of the underwater buddhist backdrops are awesome though.
Hella long line for tickets. Buy online if you aren't trying to use some sort of discount or bogo.GF and I went with a myvegas coupon so we got buy one get one free tickets. It was ok, got to see some sharks and fish and stuff. Compare to a "real" aquarium though it was pretty sad. I'm not sure who would get an annual pass cause it certainly ain't worth it. The sunken ship surrounded by sharks and turtles and things was probably the best part. Some of the sharks were pretty big, not sure what some of the yelp reviewers are complaining about. Maybe they were expecting JAWS type great white sharks. If you've ever been to Shedd aquarium in Chicago then you should except something similar, but crappier since Shedd's got a lot more stuff overall.I guess it can be worth it if you've got annoying kids who don't want to just sit in the room all day while you go gamble so you gotta take them somewhere to make them occupy their time. Also, it's kind of a long walk from things since it's in Mandalay Bay and not even like, a side of Mandalay that's close to the strip.
Great place to take the kids.  Just dont go at a crowded time.  Nicely laid out.  Komodo dragon, turtles, sharks and some of the largest Fish I have ever seen!
Nice place to take the kids price isn't too bad. Worth getting an annual pass for $40 adult and $25 for children
This place is cool but I really prefer the aquarium in Monterey. I prefer other aquariums like in California. It is pretty much  a aquarium really it is half and half some land animals that do not life in the water.
AC ventilation too hot. Cramped space and overpriced with matching photo shoot scam. Not even close to Dubai's aquarium and the Ocean Life Park. This is worth 5 bucks compared to what I've seen
Nice casual dining location with delicious food after a night out in Vegas. I enjoyed a Bistro cheese sandwich and salad and we shared a espresso martini for dessert which had a great kick to knock us out of our food coma while satisfying the sweet tooth!
Excellent service, good food and reasonable prices. Had the all American breakfast, ham steak was ok, eggs, toast and hash brown was really good.
Everything taste great!! Me and my husband were looking for a new place to try breakfast. I know Lawrenceville has a lot of great restaurants so we decided to peruse the streets find a local eatery. After looking through Yelp to see which one had the  best rating, we settled on cocoa café.It's a very small café seating only about 20 people at a time but they do have outdoor seating which was great especially since it was warm that day. Their menu changes constantly so one day you might see something and in the next week it's no longer there. I love how fresh the food is and how awesome the flavors are. My husband ordered the fried eggplant Benedict and I went with the bean quesadilla. His eggplant Benedict was so amazing, I mean the flavors pop so well. The eggplant was crispy, the eggs were over easy and the muffin was perfectly buttered.My quesadilla was just as good. I love how the beans were slightly mushy not crunchy like some other places have been. They also served it with a side of sour cream. We also tried the zucchini bread which came with a small side of fruit and an almond cream cheese topping. The bread was so warm and soft and  had small pieces of chocolate chips in them, even though I don't like chocolate I have to say that this was darn good.To top off our meal I ordered a French soda which is basically like an Italian soda but they add cream to it. I never had one before but I definitely would go back for another. On a scale of 1 to 10 this place for me is definitely a nine. I'm looking forward to going back and trying something new especially since their menu always changes. I know I'll have something fresh and creative to look forward to.
Great food, terrible service.  We waited ... for everything! Everyone was pleased with their meal.  I ordered the quinoa breakfast and took notes to replicate at home. They charged us for a fresh juice that never showed up even after inquiring numerous times. Took FOREVER to correct the bill.  What a shame. They really have good food.
I love this place great service great movies and great music they will help you find the movie or CD you are looking for and if they dont have it at the store they can order it go you.
Cheap awesome burgers and fries!!!! We also had a veggie sandwich and grilled cheese everything was great, $23 for a family of 4
See this place before they close it down and move down the street to some polished and soulless location off Scottsdale Road.It's not necessarily  that this location is  architecturally significant, or unique in any way that couldn't be reproduced, its just that I simply don't trust Harkins to continue their commitment to small films. I see another huge multiplex opened with a few screens initially committed to art and independent films. That is, of course, until they realize that they are losing a precious revenue by not having every possible screen available to show Michael Bay's next gilded turd....let's hope I'm wrong.Until then, please go check out this theater. They always bring interesting documentaries, art films, and indie stuff.
Love seeing foreign movies! Best place to see them! Great staff! Next to Fashion Square Mall:-)
This place is crackin' like an egg. Love the chile relleno omelet. So far this is my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. Friendly staff. Quick & pleasant.Worth driving off the strip (Not too far). Opposite side of airport.
Banana Nut Muffin. Nomnom-erificMy husband likes to eat off of the Strip bc he thinks we can find better eats for the price.  He found this on Yelp (of course) and it's a hearty classic American breakfast diner.  They found seating for us right away and with a baby in a stroller even the Manager was involved in making sure our seating was to our liking.  The Waitress was kind and knowledgable.  I asked for Chocolate Milk w/ 1/2 regular Milk and she brought my drink made exactly as I ordered and wanted.  We went with both sets of parents and everyone was pretty satisfied.  Don't know what we ordered.  Either way the food was good and we left fully and happy.  :)  Would probably go here again.
I'm ready for brunch now. :) The banana nut muffin was amazing though. Especially with butter. mmm...
Damn this banana nut muffin is delicious. And for the portions, sizes, and service, it's quick, and inexpensive. Whether you're coming in hung over, or looking to feed and fuel up... DO IT. I love this place for their courteousness and most importantly their delicious breakfast. Also, if the wait gets too long, go across the plaza and hit up Zia records and check out their vinyl, cds, DVDs, whatever you're into :)
Patio seating is nice, if u dont mind a few flies. Very nice staff so far. I really enjoyed my meal. The home fries are good and so was my veggie and bacon omelette. I will come back next time im in town.
We came after a fun weekened at the strip. My friend flew in to meet us for a friends bachlorette. And she had to catch a flight back. So we wanted something good but quick. I looked on yelp for a breakfast joint and found this. We walked in and asked if we could sit and eat within an hour. And the host said we could if we sat outside (since everyone wanted to sit inside because it was a bit chilly that day) so we sat outside... ordered quickly... i had the flapper ( eggs bacon and pancakes. ) My friend had the burger . And the other two had biscuits with gravy. Everything came out very fast. We couldnt belive it.also... Crystal was the best server!! She was constantly checking on us and made sure we had everything we needed. So back to the food. OMG. My food was good. But my friends burger with fries was amazing!!! And the biscuits with gravy! But that burger.... lol. Maybe I was a little hungover.. but it was so juicy.the bread was not your typical diner bun. Also the french fries were the match stick kind with great seasoning.. only thing I would recommend is that they mix plain fries with these seasoned match stick fries ... I found myself fighting to eat all of them because It was a bit salty. Other than that I will definitely come back when I go on my weekend getaways to vegas! :)
I think this place has the best breakfast in town. If you go expect a small line except on Sundays. Then its a big line.
Good for family brunch.  Great food for everyone.  Super service by Alyssa!  Thanks for making our family trip so wonderful.   Alyssa, you rock!!!
Erin was an awesome server. She helped my husband pick his new favorite meal. We love eating here. My daughter had a waffle
Food is awesome and our server Chance was awesome! Strawberry cream cheese french toast is a nice thing to share.
I love Egg and I and Egg Works. Great food, plenty of choices, nice presentation, moderately priced. Very friendly servers and nice ambience. Great tasting Traditional Benny! Would be a 5 star if not for a long wait.
Good food. Great service. Our server Chance was the best. The banana bread is a must. Also the chicken fried steak
Delicious!!  The banana nut muffin is to die for.  The breakfast is delicious here.  The potatoes are flavorful very seasoned. Portions are pretty big - very filling.  Food comes out pretty fast.
Excellent breakfast, excellent service. Veronica was amazing! We come here all the time and are never disappointed.
Wonderful place ti have breakfast.. Love the skillet menu and the attention that the server, Amanda, gave us today make it better!
Amanda was awesome! Love this place! The food is delicious and her service was awesome!
Awesome service, Chance rocked it! Get the skillet if you're hungry.  Keep up the good work guys!
Eggcellent! Food is delicious and service from Chance made for a great experience.  Great Vegas spot just off the strip.
Food was excellent but the service by Chance was even better! Every plate on our table was excellent with big portions.
Great food and great service from Chance!  Definitely worth the shirt drive from strip
Awesome breakfast. Our server was Karla and she was very nice. I had the stuffed French toast and it was delicious. The seasoning on the potatoes was really good.
Good food, great service. They were recommended by a local family member and will likely visit again when visiting LAS in the future. My husband thought omelette was good, but skimpy (not very full) with potatoes, which he and 6 ,y/o thought were really good. I had pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon.
Great service. Request Chance! She rocks!  The food always comes the way you order it, and hot
Great breakfast..not a big long wait...probally were the locals go.....I'd go next time in town for sure
Awesome breakfast and brunch shop!!! I ate here with my mom before her flight back home and I loved it. Mentioning Yelp! got me a free banana nut muffin... it was fricken amazing.  I highly recommend it.
The breakfast was great Lianna our server was polite and prompt. the menu is vast and a bit overwhelming but those potatoes are so scrumptious
Great breakfast in Vegas, tons of egg choices. We have made this a regular spot each time we visit
Amazing! The food was great and the service was awesome! Banana nut muffins!!!! It seems they get really busy Friday-Sunday so make sure you give yourself enough time. I will for sure be going back!
Eggs Benedict, biscuits and gravy and banana nut muffins...amazing! Always friendly service and accommodating staff. It's the place to go whenever we are in Vegas.
Very good menu and service by Jessica outside.  The the three pigs omelette with wheat toast.
Karla is the greatest!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everyone at the table enjoyed their food. Huge portions and for a good price!
EGG-CEPTIONAL OMELETTE:The Three Pigs (diced ham, bacon and sausage, topped with cheddar and jack cheese) $10.25～ Love this! You will love it as much as I do if you like cheese. A lot of fillings and omelette is served with crispy cubed potatoes. 9/10EGG-CREPESWorks Crepe (diced bacon, ham, smoked turkey, sliced tomatoes, onions, cheddar and jack cheese, served with poppy seed dressing) $10.85~ Not too bad. This egg crepe has a lot of different fillings that compliments each other really well. Taste really yummy. 7/10SKILLET BREAKFASTSanta Cruz Skillet (seasoned chicken breast, green chillies, onions, homemade Santa cruz sauce) $10.99~ Don't like this at all! Too meaty, too saucy and too heavy for a breakfast. 3/10Server Brady's service is really good. Our table is always on "Smiley Face" as he will constantly walk over and ask if we're doing ok. Good service! Tips:~ Check-in and get 1 FREE Banana Nut Muffin~ Love the Happy and Unhappy Face on the table. If you need attention, flip to Unhappy face, if you're happy, flip it back to Happy face.~ Write a review on yelp/tripadvisor and mention your server's name and they're one step closer to win a trip for 2 to Disney California to meet Mickey Mouse.
Great service n food! Thanks Ulises!! I will definitely come back when in town thank you
Food was great. Best place for breakfast I've been to in Vegas. Large selection. Probably not a good place on the weekends as we waited 20 minutes on a Monday morning for a table for two.
Great food and our server Linnea was really nice and helpful! I ordered the chicken cordon bleu scramble and it was delicious! We will be back.
Tasty and great friendly service by Breeannda!The chile relleno omelette and the sunrise mountain (open faces croissant sandwich) were good choices.... Among the many many choices on the menu!
Always excellent a great value and hidden gem You won't be disappointed. Not many tables and can get crowed. It also can get very noisy. That said the food is always excellent.
What a terrible show! Not even worth the $12 ticket you can find on Groupon. It's very old outdated and doesn't have much to do with pets. Stay Away! !!
We have fallen in love with Red Robin and this locations is one of our go-tos. Usually we sit at the bar, since it's self-seating and the service is quick and friendly. We can also watch all the action on both the TVs and the people watching.  I've had everything from the Tavern Double to the Grilled Chicken Sandwich and not been disappointed.  We usually share the small onion ring starter as well.  Get the mud pie. Best. Dessert. Ever.This location also has a lot of shopping options so it makes for a good trip overall if you are looking to spend a little time eating and shopping.
Guacamole is bland, needed lots of salt and salsa isn't very good. I wasn't very impressed with this mexican establishment off the main drag. We were looking for some good chips and salsa with guac but were dissapointed. The food wasn't all that good either. Yelp failed me on this one.
3 dollar roll tacos....way over priced. Total rip off. I get it its mill but damn...i hope people notice other Mexican restaurants. I don't know what's keeping this place open still...
You can try almost anything before ordering... Great when you're here for the first time and not sure what you might like.
Tried this for the first time a few weeks ago and have been back at least once a week. Make sure you try the jerk rice! After the first and second time since trying I've had the jerk rice and jerk chicken several times for dinner/lunch. It's always as good as the first time.
Love Chino Bandido's! Great food that you can't find anywhere else! The combination of Chinese food with Mexican food is truly genius. And the fact that you get a snicker doodle cookie with your meal is a plus! My favorite is the jade red chicken burrito and jerk chicken quesadilla.
Awsome food combinations & the staff was friendly & helpful. Location was easy to find.
Food is awesome !!! Highly recommend it. Took a friend for his birthday and he loved it.
Awesome food mixtures, good is great and location is very clean. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes mex and Chinese food.
I took my 13 year old son who is all into science and he loved it. Really neat facts and items of the testing era. They even have a pretty neat 4d little theater with a great little demo of some of the testing that has gone on here in Nevada. I thought overall the place is neat, clean and well setup and it closes at 5pm but if your already inside they let you stay until about 6pm. I thought that was pretty cool.
Educational, and interesting. Depicts different aspects of atomic testing. Very good for kids, one of the "must go"s  in Vegas for children.
Great place for good food. Somewhat pricy. Awesome appetizer mussels. Takes a while to get the food during happy hour.
Pretty nice place honestly nice employees and great service def will be returning great food great people recommend it to everyone
Always pretty solid Chinese food. It's better when eaten in versus take out. The main dishes are usually really good. The sushi is okay. Atmosphere at the bar is great though. I can see why so many people sit at the bar and have dinner.
Cute and affordable. Finally an alternative that I actually want to go to!Every time I try to break away from the corporate coffee chains, I get burned because their lattes taste like dirt, or they act like they've never heard of soy milk.  Come on people!  That's what I loved about this place, the staff actually knew what they were doing, and the menu included all the necessities, plus a few of their own creations!  Try the mint mocha...uh, YUM!  They make a great soy vanilla latte too.
Nice environment. Free Wi-Fi. They have a nice patio area, a drive through and a nice layout inside. I will be back to work here again tomorrow.
Staff is Great! But that's about it. The Breakfast menu is quite limited, and the Prices, Ouch! For $12 I hoped my Omelette was Guilded in Gold, but wasn't, also Cheese isn't either apparently it's Not added by default, WTF? One if many reasons why, as a Local, we avoid The Strip, hell LVH isn't even on the Strip but has the audacity to Charge Strip Prices! I really feel bad for this place, mainly for the staff, they all seem older and are so nice and friendly, and would hate to see them lose their jobs, so I'm going I be generous and rate this place a 2 stars.
This place is great! I had prime rib yummm plus great service. I'm a big fan now. Me and my husband went there for our anniversary and both loved it. The area isn't great but the food is worth it.
Had the BESSSSSSST BBQ ever.....can't wait to come back again! Matt was a great server, he made sure we had plenty of drinks! The food was at our table in a flash, couldn't believe how fast it was!!!! The place was gorgus!
Happy hour 50% off and cold beer, near the hotel. The chicken wings and brisket rolls are excellent
A must go to place when in town. Best BBQ EVER!The service is great and this is a great place for groups. Especially when getting the hog heaven. Brisket, sausage, chicken, corn bread.
Great bbq. Cool place.  Nice patioRibs, chicken, brisket are all really good   They will keep bringing the cornbread either till you tell them to stop , or if you blow chunks all over the table
Honestly not the best bbq I've had famous Dave's best ribs and Rudy's best brisket. I really liked the spinach and artichoke. The food was just way to greasy and fatty for my likings
Fabulous service and food. A must if you're visiting the area. Get the baby back ribs and brisket. You will not regret it. Finish it off with a slice of Death by Chocolate cake. Very tasty. The house cocktails and lemonade was also very good.
Absolutely delicious food consistently and great BBQ! Decent service. Bill for four people was 90 bucks with good tip.
Had to be the 1000 review for this. It's delicious! It's expensive yeah but it makes up with it with the taste. It's a classy joint. The baked potato is delicious and I love the barbecue sauce!
Solid four-star restaurant but not five. The beef brisket was the most flavorful brisket I've had in my entire life; A penetrating yet not overpowering smoky sensation.  However, I was disappointed with two of the three the barbecue sauces.  The "regular sauce" is sweeter than catch-up with just a little more sophistication.  The spicy sauce tasted more like corn syrup mixed with hot sauce.  However the Carolina sauce was a genuine flavorful masterpiece.  It's commonplace for vegetables in barbecue joints to be lackluster, but a four and one half star 800+ review restaurant should be an exception to the rule: it was not. On the more delectable side, we had the Apple cobbler for dessert -nine out of 10.
Not impressed, overpriced and not all that good. Pulled pork was dry and small.  What a total disappointment after reading all the reviews I thought it would have been a bit more upscale, not the case.
I'm so excited Sun Penang now offers Shabu Shabu hot pot! The broth and dipping sauce was amazing and the veggies were all fresh. I will definitely come back here again.
Great local place with awesome happy hour,  great pork green chili mac n cheese. Great service, nice patio dinning.
Habt ihr die verpackte zwiebel ringe ? Please reply I am asking if they have the onion rings from chio
Best gay bar! Nice staff and awesome drinks! Always crowded on weekends and weekdays so there's always fun!
Great place. Wish the chicken had more flavor/taste but definitely coming back. The beef & ribs are yummy, mac salad so good. Musubi is a must (I prefer no sauce).
Want to meet the jetset older crowd? Come here. It's good people watching and you're basically in the lobby of the Bellagio so you'll get a lot of it. The pianists on duty when I was there were all very talented. One of them made the rounds through the bar introducing himself and taking music requests. It's definitely not a place for the club kids. It's where parents like to meet their kids before dinner and before they go their separate ways on a vacation.
Sign up for the email list and they send you special offers!The fancy cupcake trend is alive and strong here. The Cupcakery serves up some greeeeat red velvet cupcakes (they call em the Southern Belle go figure) but yum!The Cupcakery has a few locations in town (I think 2 or 3) but I believe this 1 is the original. Its one of the first fancy cupcakes places in town. And though we don't have a Sprinkles (yet) this place definitely delivers. All of the cupcakes have a ton of creamy frosting on top, to many including me its too much so I take it off. The cake is moist but not oily, and they have a pretty wide selection, with a couple rotating items.At around $3-4 bucks a pop its kinda of expensive for a cupcake but remember, this ain't the stuff you get at the supermarket. The cupcakes are fresh and well worth the extra buck or two.
Amazing .good atmosphere. Server was OK . pasta was disgusting . I didn't even feel like complaining .
Best place to eat in Vegas Bar None! Well worth every penny! Awesome view & great service! We'll see you again soon!
Great atmosphere. Service is world-class. Love the Bar. Great people! A hidden Vegas gem...
Love it! Always great service,  and even better food. I would highly suggest the burnt ends!
OMG love this place Virginia is the best bartender!Don't listen to the negative comments the food is wonderful!
Loved the BBQ and wings! This is our family's favorite BBQ place. We go to Famous Dave's whenever we are in the area since there isn't one near our home.
Awesome place to eat and awesome food IOver the brunch on Sunday's and the pancakes are surprisingly good everyone should check this place out
Vegetarian South Indian Buffet...I've been a fan of Indian food since my first taste of Aloo Gobi, and being a west-sider, I am very rarely in this part of town, however this little gem is worth the trip.Being in the East Valley for a meeting with my vegetarian co-worker, we couldn't pass on trying out this place.  After one trip to the buffet, we were not only hooked, we were already full.  I have  been to a lot of Indian buffets around town, and this one introduced me to a lot of new items, and tastes, I had never experienced before.  Being strictly vegetarian (and some vegan), you did not have all those "regular" dishes you find in the other buffets (tandori chicken, lamb curries..etc.), so they were replaced by new and exciting delicacies.The mushoom tikka masala was so go, I could have pulled my chair up to the buffet and stayed for the day.  We were also introduced to Dosai, or rice crepes, this variety filled with potato and onion.  If you happen to find yourself in this part of town, a visit here is something you will not regret.OH...One last thing...You know how they say that you can tell an ethnic restaurant is good if "they" eat there.  Well during my visit, ALL the other guests were Indian!    'Nough said!
We haven't eaten a lot of Indian food, and our server gave great suggestions. Plus, the cook even came out and explained some of the nutritional benefits. Gracious staff, amazing food. Try the chili gobi!
You'll miss breakfast if you're up too late with a 100oz drink from Fat Tuesday. Still pricey, and very similar to all the other buffets.
Great buffet and really good coffee this morning. Way too much food for me.
Ridiculously overpriced.  I had their breakfast buffet.  Standard breakfast items except the dessert that were fancy shmancy.
Breakfast was phenomenal! Our waiter was awesome too. I got a skillet.. so good!! Boyfriend got pancakes and they were huge, didn't have a mimosa but they looked awesome!
They forgot one of my rolls they took forever. Not impressed!!! Unbelievable and then they but the wrong sauce on the roll! What r u doing?
Omg, get in here. It'll change your life :) brunch w champagne, yes please.  When you set foot in this place on a busy weekend morning you get sucked into the spirit.  It's bustling and everyone is happy, and everyone is drooling over the food and baked goods coming out of the kitchen.  I can't believe it's taken me this long to get in here, I'll definitely be a regular from now on.I ordered the Venice Beach burrito and it was sooooo tasty, we also decided to crack a bottle of champagne to celebrate the momentous occasion of experiencing this place.  The main room where you order at the counter has a staggering array of candy, gifts, baked goods, prepared meals, magazines, etc. etc. etc.  It'll take you a day just to look at it all.  Maybe next time I go back I can get my christmas shopping done while waiting in line.The only things I would change about this place would be: I'd add table service and increase portions.  I'd also make the dining room feel a little more like the room where you order...it's just a little more inviting and comfortable.  Other than that, it was yummy and fun to eat here.  Great for a special occasion or a good place to bring out of town guests.
On Saturday I want to punch people in the face when here.  Mediocre food, overhyped, overpriced, no parking, bad service, and waaaaaaaaay too many people to enjoy yourself. Once upon a time you may have been worth it but with so many solid offerings in Phoenix these days your entitled attitude is not warranted.No it's cool, I'll clear off the table that you just walked by four times with nothing in your hands.  What's that?  Oh I shouldn't do that?  I should just stand here and look at the table full of dishes until you walk by a 6th time?  Ok.  Hey, one more thing. Kiss my ass.
excellent food. great atmosphere and great people. the pizza is the best in town.  gluten free pizza is great as well
Hot Sammy Boy sandwich. Tasty but tiny. Needs some kale or spinach. Would recommend the chicken sandwich instead. Food was not plentiful.
Was just served cajun chicken. RAW in the middle! Hopefully I don't get sick. Manager was nice and apologetic and removed the chicken from my bill. Definitely need someone overseeing the kitchen!
New menu. Nice choices. I enjoyed the pot roast.  Went back for it a second time.You have to like dark gravy , potted meatover  mashed potatoes and some veggies for this dish. I do. My wife enjoyed a salmon and veggie dish.No
Out to dinner for my fathers b- day with my mother and daughter. The food was good. We day outside and eat it was a nice night for that.
Love this place. Great apps and great service.  Always crowded so plan ahead.  Chicken sandwich and greek fries are my favorites here.
Perfect, I simply love it. Try the lamb burger, you'll thank me!There are very few options as pleasant as this. You need a reservation on the weekends, but weeknights or lunch are usually ok. A wide variety on the menu, something for every taste.
Everything I ate was so rich, and full of an array of flavors! Beyond delicious! I had the Farmers Salad and the Gnocchi. Yum!
Great environment.   Decent steak. Overcooked lobster.   For the price is not the best.Seafood platter is very good.
Had scallops, wife had salmon, shared gnocchi appretizer,, all delish. Service good too.
Great asian style food. Miso salmon is awesome. Tuna salad is also good. Located at the first floor of Bellagio. Try some import beer.
The "live" band was straight cover lip sync trash. Just keep the DJ on.Free fun, though at times they do charge a cover.
A decade later, it's just not the same....maybe I'm just older now. Maybe it's the crowd? Eh, whatever it was or IS, it's just not the place for me.
Crazy fun- thanks droids band!  Dancing under the Vegas sky, drinks, laughs, what more could I want?  Shout out to Chris!!!
We had breakfast here.  It was very good. Server was very nice. Prices ar a little high but you are at the Bellagio. It is convenient.
Amazing food. The service has always been great! Good for all times of the day. My boyfriend and I actually went here twice in one day. Once for breakfast and then again for dinner. It was delicious both times. The portions are very generous and the price is just right for the atmosphere, taste of dishes, and the service. We had a very short wait for breakfast and ended up opting to sit at the bar because they had open seating and we were starving. Their fresh squeezed orange juice is delicious. I've gotten an omelet here before that was great. This time I got the eggs Benedict which was all very good! It comes with hash browns. I liked that I didn't have to choose how I wanted to the egg. They just cooked it to perfection, runny on the inside but the white was cooked throughly which I enjoy. I hate it when I get runny whites in my eggs Benedict. They did it perfectly! The flavor was great. We proceeded on with our day after breakfast and came back later for dinner before seeing "O" at the Bellagio. I was looking for a restaurant in the hotel but nothing looked as good to me as going back to Cafe Bellagio!! They have a very good house blend coffee. We actually had the coffee with dinner because we were tired already and our show wasn't until 10pm. Our server, Fernando F., was excellent. I wanted some mixed fruit and a salad for dinner. I ordered the oriental chicken salad, it was amazing!! It was also huge though so the boyfriend and I should have shared it! He got the applewood cobb salad, which was also huge. He said it was good as well. For the fruit, I was going to order a fruit cup but when I asked the waiter how big it was he said it was a little small. He recommended a fruit bowl which was bigger and had a bigger variety of fruit in it. Everything in it was so fresh and ripe just to perfection! It was just what I was looking for as a lighter dinner option. They bring you a basket of bread with dinner. I always get ice water too. It's nice and refreshing in Vegas when it's 1000 degrees out! The waiter said its open 24/7! I will definitely be making a 3rd trip here this vacation!!
The best Chinese Food in Las Vegas, no other restaurant comes remotely close.  The chicken fried rice, beef broccoli with Chinese broccoli, chicken kung pao, orange chicken, and lemon chicken are all excellent. The lamb chops are an excellent appetizer, full of flavor and unlike any others I've ever had.
Great dim sum place. Why not for vegas? lol. The only problem is the wait. it is a very long wait for food. be advised.
Yummy dimsum! Love the siu mai, ha gao, beancurd with shrimp & chic feet! Its a pity im not able to try the roasted pork as it will be out 12pm onwards. Love the traditional pushkart style (: you get your hot dimsum & choice..
If you're looking for a very good Caesar salad the Julius Caesar and Oregano's makes is king. Now I'm a big guy that can put away a lot of food but I can't finish the large's Julius Cesar salad. It is that large but it's so good. I recommended anybody that is a salad lover. With that said I find the restaurant always very loud. The booths tend to be a little bit small so if you're big you're going to want to find a table but overall this is a very good place to eat. It's wonderful for the kids they have doughballs that the kids can play with.
Great food and excellent service, the mushroom ravioli was amazing!! Crab cakes not so good but ok, even the kids mac and cheese was high qualityKids loved itWill defintely recommend it
Great little neighborhood cafe. Recommend it for breakfast. Menu is fairly traditional and prices very reasonable.
Had a double espresso.  It was prepared as it should be and I enjoyed it.  Nice ambiance and music not too loud.
Great coffee Great placeGreat mugsAwesome serviceI think they make their own cookies and pastries.
Everything was excellent!!! You can't go wrong no matter what you order. Our group of four tried pretty much every ceviche on the menu. All outstanding. Service was excellent too. Best place to sit is at ceviche bar.
Would not recommend. Food was mediocre and service was not great. McDonald is down the road save yourself time and money.
Thoughts while on the trail:  Nice short hike. Very rocky, uneven surface. Pretty sure half of Phoenix is on the trail with us!So now that I'm off the trail and back home, I've got to say I really enjoyed the hike today.  The November weather was perfect and made the climb very pleasant.  I took my 7 yr old son with me and he did great.  Although the trail is very rocky and rugged (particularly for an "improved" pathway), it is a simple hike.  I saw a lot of people wearing running shoes, but I've got to admit there is no way that would have worked for me.  It would be super simple to roll an ankle on the jutting rocks.  Plus, I  would think that the soft sole of a running shoe would expose your feet to the rock points.  I wore hiking boots and was happy that I did.I kept reading about having to scramble over rocks and had imagined needing ropes.  But the fact is, the only rock climbing we did was no more than running up a staircase two at a time.  It really was not a problem.  The real negative for me was all the "company" on the trail.  All my hiking experience up till now has been in more remote areas.  I suppose because Piestewa Peak is located inside a major city I shouldn't be surprised.  But I've got to tell you, there are A LOT of people there.  A few rude, but most very considerate and nice.  Still, hiking like ants in a line is a bit strange.  But I am a fan, none the less.
I loved this hike! Was way more than I bargained for but worth every step! Don't be discouraged when you think you've made it to the top, but it turns out to be the next turn. The view from the real top was gorgeous! I will definitely do it again!
Ride the Mechanical bull I dare you, I had a goodtime
Jesus the meat and cheese and deep fried greatness here is beyond measure. The waitresses are very kind but a bit busy for the tables they have to serve. But good effort!
This place is a lot of fun to shop at. Find anything and everything. Very nice.  Rare and hard to find books.
First time here. Came to meet felicia day. Pretty nice store.  I live in surprise so probably won't be back, but even on a cramped book signing lines were organized, no complaints. Warm because of all the people, but it was a fun event.
I love their BBQ is bomb.com. I would recommend this spot to anyone. Best food place in Reno and Las Vegas.
$6.99 breakfast from 7-10 m-fUgh... I couldn't eat 3/4 of the things they had. The cheese the in made to order omelette was 1/2 cooked, the bacon was rubber, the sausage ugh... wont be  back.
See if we can get our money worth. Lol.  I tried the prime rib which just can't go wrong with, but aside from that...it was just another buffet.  just ok.
Great hidden secret off the beatin path in downtown. Great food in a quiet setting. Server was excellent!
If you're going to order anything be sure to order the pot roast. It is absolutely to die for.All of the  food here is superb but the pot roast is exceptional.  Intensely flavored, melt-in-your-mouth tender and the gravy is soooo delicious.  I started with an order of raw oysters that were ice cold and as fresh as they could get.  There were 15 of us and we all enjoyed the food and drinks here.  Not a complaint among anyone.
Lily Barajas is an awesome manager!! Just remember it takes time for the great food!!
It's ok.  I get a bunch of small items!  The service is IMPECCABLE though!  Nice and dark!  I look better in the dark so I like it!  The booths are deep and fun too!
We love this restaurant, we come here whenever we are downtown.  My wife loves Chicken Alfredo, however it is not on the menu, not to worry the waitress asked the chef if he could prepare a dish of her favorite.  They did and it was delicious.  My ribeye was perfect and the and once again did not disappoint.  Not to mention the sides and sourdough bread with butter and vinaigrette, need I say more.The wine list is great and there is a full bar if you like your libations a little harder.Great restaurant!!
Always excellent service and even better food. We love this place. A real gem.  We're staying at the Downtown Grand Hotel and this wonderful place is a 3 min walk away. Plenty of dedicated staff waiting to make sure you enjoy you meal.  The happy hour specials are amazing and the dinner is perfect. We love this place!
Dinner and a show combo. Probably worth it!Definitely worth it. Phantom was an absolutely amazing show, and I'd even go see it again, probably not before I checked out some of the others, but definetly again.The dinner combo was an amazing deal. My wife found it pretty easily online, and it saves about $30 a head on dinner, so check it out.
Great venue but the security guards were a little too rude for my liking. Sound system was great though
Great place to stay in Vegas! Although they do not have their own casino, the Marriot is right across the street from planet hollywood and the cosmopolitan, which puts the resorts just a few minutes walk away. They have a rooftop pool with a bar which provides for a nice view of the strip. The staff is very kind, and the rooms are spacious with a fold out bed and a king bed in a separate room. It also comes with a whole kitcenette, which we didn't use very much, but I can see how it could be very useful.
Shucked scallops?!  Soooo good!!!! Oysters were nice and meaty!  Recommended!  Lobster tails and shrimp were very very bland....like its been frozen way too long... Minus one star.
Love coming here every time I get to Phoenix.  Great New Mexican food in this little gastropub.  Dinner or breakfast on the weekend is awesome.  Big portions and even bigger flavor.  Finding it with no sign out front is the key.
Great food and excellent service!!! Great place for unique food and nice drink selection. Alway have a great time here! Alway choose the special and have always been happy with it!
Amazing food and service. The Carne Adovada is a must try. Great smells from the wood fire grill and a cozy bar atmosphere. Feels like it's been there forever.
Classic! Good wine, food AND they show sports! Best of all it is walking distance from home.
Seriously the best enchiladas I've ever had. Best in the valley. You'll likely have to wait, as the venue is small, but it's worth every minute.
Wasabi crunch sushi roll was very good. Lots of tuna and yummy sauce.  Was not very busy but had good service
Ugh. Good luck getting served in less than 20 minutes. Just...ugh. However, it is a very cool layout. Maybe they should have more than two bartenders on a warm Friday evening -- or at least have bartenders that make eye contact with thirsty patrons that are waiting.
Love the Asian food here. Easy to locate. All organic foods.  Samples are great here. Love this store.
Literally the worst place I've been to in Charlotte. Save your time and money.  It took over AN HOUR to get our food from our Princess waitress. Like other reviews said, you get the impression that you are bothering the waitstaff.  By far the worst waitstaff I've encountered. This place simply doesn't have ANY management oversight. If I could give it zero stars I would!
This place stinks... I'm definitely not going to be coming to this place again.. They tried to rip me off for no reason.. I'm not happy
I loved the black bean burger.  Its a nice place for lunch or late night snack.  My gf felt the fish was under cooked so I would avoid that.
99 cents chicken tacos on Wednesdays.  Love their enchiladas, sometimes I have them add shrimp to it.  I can compare them to Albertos in Cali.  Good food, especially late at night...they are open 24/7.  Prices are reasonable.
Try their butterfish special. Watch out for the small bones. Other than that it's very tender and juicy! Surprisingly their chinese chicken salad had a lot of meat and their sauce was amazing. I was surprised that I was so full from just the salad itself. The ambiance is really nice. Although you have to wait 10 minutes, it's worth it for their delicious specials!
Love the oxtail stew on Friday!  The taste of the food is very similar to Zippy's in Hawaii.
Was not impressed by their breakfast buffet... The  gravy was over salted, the food was kind of bland, and there was not a big selection to be had.
Very unhelpful for the handicap i asked the mgm employe if i could swirch my ticket and that i have dshd i was toled no
Awesome place!! Huge!! Great setup and gigantic screens!! Had a fantastic time!! Great for conventions and concerts!!
Service is always very good!  Great margaritas!  Staff is friendly and helpful!   Burritos very good - salsa is excellent
Service was great just stopped in for a drink and some Tuesday tacos.  Has a normal happy hour and a reverse happy hour. That is nice since most everyone I know Dan only make happy hour if they don't work that day.
Perfect watering hole.   Great food and drinks...always a good spot to start, end or spend an evening.
Good service, well poured drinks, awesome sweet potato fries. Getting the basics right is hard to find.
The tvs were way too loud to have a conversation. The food was pretty good. They have appetizer specials on Friday
Looks like a great spot ... i like the atmosphere.. service was good.. all around decent place for catching a football game with their t.v.s hanging in every corner. and the food doesn't upset your wallet or your stomach.... :) i will go back and try the salmon BLT .. that sounds wonderful
Chloe is a friendly, cute server!! :) pizza was delicious and she was great at recommending drinks!
mmm yummy cheesecake and yummy food. friendly staff and great options for food. beautiful restaurant as well.
Great place to rest your feet from shopping and awesome food. Classic burger hit the spot.
Love this place. Great food and great service. Highly recommend this place. Been there twice over two year's  and both times were great. Wait was reasonable to get a table both times. Got desert because it looked so good, had to take it to go, I was too full.
Very good service here. Our server was Matthew and he was very attentive. He even swapped out my margarita for the lemon drop martini at no charge when I told him I thought the margarita had a funny aftertaste. The hubs and I were celebrating my birthday and the staff all sang "Happy Birthday" and made me feel special. We both enjoyed our lunch very much. Try the 'Evelyn's Favorite' pasta - it's vegetarian and extremely tasty.
Fantastic Italian food. Service is personal and friendly. High on the price factor, but it is what it is. Honestly, it's a place to go for specially made authentic Itialn food.  If you want cheap, go to the Olive Garden.
Such a great restaurant. Food was beyond amazing. It was nice to meet other Italians and talk about our beautiful county.  Buonissimo! Grazie mille e ci vediamo in Sicilia!
Salmon burger is pretty good for those pescatarians. i saw them on the travel channel or the food channel, can't remember, buti want to try their bacon waffle.
Triple the wait time they give you.  At least.  But now they are all over Vegas and not just at this one location anymore.I really, really want to LOVE this place.  I really do.  But other than the fact that they have ginormo portions, the food is just ok.  The chicken and waffles are good.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good.  But after like three bites I'm over it.   The last time I was there, they forgot the meat in my dish.  You can't keep a fat girl from her bacon.
Sage Fried Chicken breakfast is amazing!I went to this spot specifically from the reviews of Yelp, boy, it did not disappoint.Price - Very reasonable, my giant fried chicken breakfast was only $12 with a biscuit, two eggs, two bacons, mash potatoes, and fruit. Wait - Wasn't very long, took us 10 minutes to get a table for 2 at noon on a Sunday.Selection - there was so many options on the menu varying from all different types of dishes for the right occasion.Very impressed, thank you Yelp.
Outstanding food. Service could use some work. Had a wobbly table. I wish they had a bigger lunch menu.
This place is insane! Gut buster status. Great comfort food that is over the top. Not diet food. Bbblt has like 9 pieces of bacon. Bacon bloody marys. Bacon waffles. My goodness. Huge portions.
outstanding food and service....i will return soon !!!!  the most delicious corned beef hash i have ever tasted !!!!!
Nothing beats the sage fried chicken. So delicious. I could eat this all the time. I truthfully wish they had it as an a la carte meal cause I'd eat that and nothing else
Portions are HUGE! But its nothing special. Its a bit overpriced. I would prefer a reasonable amount of food that tastes amazing over huge portions and mediocre flavor.
Goood service and AMAZING food huuuge portion sizes reasonable prices. Chicken and waffles are faaantastic come hungry !
The food is amazing. The service was good . Great pricing and the atmosphere is fun and inviting.
Overall pretty good food. The Benedicts are awesome and a lot of food.  A little bit of a wait, but worth it.
I don't get it. I'm a chicken strips fiend and this was average at best. "Texas toast"=Hawaiian sweet bread. Sweet tea=Lipton w/sugar. I was so excited, not to mention, very full from a heavy lunch. But I had to have it. I had to experience what all the hype was about. Alas, I learned it was just that. Hype. It's ah-ight. But I wouldn't go there again. Yes, the chicken was moist breast meat, but the batter, which should have been crispy, was soggy, crumbly and surprisingly flavorless. The magic sauce that everyone raves about? It was some mayo-like, chipotle concoction that added nothing to the overall strip. Even the fries where nothing to write home about. The Texas toast brought back memories of eating at the Sizzler as a child. It was squishy, buttery and toasted and the best thing I had here. So disappointed.
Best chicken fingers in town.  This place is just spectacular, but don't tell your doctor you went there.  :)
Amazing chicken & great customer service. Reminds me of Zaxbys chicken....Came around midnight, it was a little wait but so worth it!!
Chicken is always good and the sauce is the bomb!!!Prices are good!!  They have booths which we like because they are more private when you have children.  The only thing I would change are the French fries but it's not a deal breaker.
Spent 20 minutes in the drive through, not good service. Sorry if my review is too short, just nothing good to say.
Jennifer, Grace and Glenn were spectacular! Wonderful food, but the staff really made it worth it.  We had the four course meal and the filet was cooked to perfection.  The view is really astounding... the mountains, the Strip, Fremont St. are all really neat to see from up high.  But, once again, it was the staff who really made the place shine for me!
Amazing love the food and the most amazing view I've ever seen in my life! Would deff come back
Great food! La mejor in Vegas. We are here for a week and so far we love the hotel and the view to city. Having breakfast it's a perfect treat for this vacation. From Boston!! Go Patriots!!!
Our steaks were superb, sides were not hot but good. View was AWESOME! Came to celebrate my daughter turning 25. Liz is great, ordered a birthday cake through her and it was delicious.
Breathtaking view, dinner was great! Great waiters and staff. Would definitely come again. Only downside is you have to wait an hour for a window seat and you can't reserve in advance.
Nice overall set up. Cute interior, and good drinks! Had a lot of fun dancing with my friends and enjoying the atmosphere.
The food was good. It was a little pricey though. The employees were very friendly and the the place was nice and clean. It was a little cold inside though.
Great deals. Food didn't taste fresh. Kids eat free on Monday. Cheap lunch specials. Didnt like the fact we had to use plastic utensils. Customer service could have been better. Overall its just didnt taste like fresh off the grill BBQ..it wasnt even no  smoke in air or a smell of authentic BBQ.
Excellent service, excellent food. Loved the baby back ribs and pulled pork. Highly recommend!
We went with the Groupon deal. Everything was "okay"... (Atmosphere, food, service). Don't believe we'll ever go back.
I had the chicken and waffles and my wife had the rib tip special. Food was cooked well...just needs a little bit more seasoning! I probably wouldn't go back.
Super lecker, stylisch und hervorragender Service. Laut ist es, muss man mögen. Aber alles scheint dort so zu sein...
Great vibe, great food. This place was pretty tough to find inside the Venitian but it was worth it. Food was delicious and the atmosphere was very cultural.
Burger was decent. Table service in the bar left an awful lot to be desired. Need dedicated servers in the bar.
Awesome and creative bagels! Not your ordinary deli place. There is a large selection of menu items to pick from. The staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonable.
Absolutely delicious! This place has never failed me! I picked up an Asiago Bagel with eggs & pepper jack cheese this morning! So flavorful!
Finally found dry Sherry! (Matt tells me it's other places but I felt like I was searching for days.)I dig the fact these guys have a slim selection of things you can't find elsewhere in town. And when I've called they've always been cool putting me on hold and checking the shelves before I drive over.
Best way to enjoy sunday and reenergized after a long week of work.... dont forget to buy some foods for the fish... this place is a hidden treasure...
Best takeout I've had in Charlotte yet.  Wont go anywhere else.  Usually get their chicken mei fun and lo mein for my girlfriend.
IMHO some of the best cue in the valley I always get the BBQ sampler because everything is so good I can't decide
Service is always friendly. The sauce is good. Pulled pork is good. The chicken was on the dry side :(
Delicious food, and the homemade root beer is not to be missed! Plus I love the fact that they give away free food to the community once or twice a year - even my pickiest eater, my nine-year-old son, ate some of their barbecue last time we got free sandwiches :-)
Delicious food!!! Love this place! I always get the pulled pork. Their bbq pit beans are to die for!
We went to this place, from the opposite side of town because a good friend recommended it to us. The ribs were a little burnt and dry. The pork was good but nothing extraordinary. It might have been just a bad cooking day, but it's hard to justify the drive all the way there just to give them another chance.
Closed until 2/26 for Chinese New Year. Heard so many great things.  So excited.  Guess I will have to wait a little longer.
Far back corner of the mall/lot. Head for Dragon Court Chinese Restaurant.Absolutely the best banh mi I've had outside of Vietnam. The space isn't much to speak of, but it's clean and well-lit, and the mall literally looks like a horror movie set, but THE SANDWICHES!
This is the best sandwich shop in town, hands down! I go out of my way to come here. The place looks a little strange from the outside, being in an abandoned mall and all, but who cares? Le's sells banh mi sandwiches, which is a traditional sandwich from Southeast Asia. These are as authentic as it gets! I love the thinly sliced meats coupled with copious amounts of fresh vegetables. And whatever the sauce is that goes on there is absolutely incredible. There's only a handful of places in charlotte I'll go to eat on a regular basis, and this is one of them.
Cash only, awesome bahn-mi and housemade jerky. As other reviews have pointed out, it's in a dead mall...but whatever- this place is awesome and the location isn't hurting them. Basically everything on their menu is well worth the drive and any *uncomfortable feelings*  you might have in an unfamiliar atmosphere
Great local beer and a talented brewer. The food is well planned and tasty.  My favorite was the burger with bacon jelly and the Marback!
Excellent bacon blue burger! Order it! And order a Hefeweizen with it and you'll thank me!
The best hummus in AZ!!!!!!and the gyros are pretty bomb!!!! I started eating here while at ASU twenty years ago and keep coming back!!
The Friday seafood buffet is worth the wait in line. Great food and amazing service.The snow crab legs and the prime rib made my experience memorable:)
This place is awesome... Best breakfast!!!   Everyone should try it!!!  We have eaten here for years and never been disappointed!!!
Decent beds, ok rooms.  Sleep and play, basics ok.  Not good at comps.  Could be cleaner, but it's not awful.  Gambling good here, Triple 777 brew pub always good.  Can't much complain for $70/night, I guess.  We've stayed on strip and off, we prefer staying in the Freemont area.
Great happy hour. The beers are tasty and prices are affordable. Try not to pay for parking.
Worth checking out once in your life. I knew it would be interesting coming in, but I was surprised at how some of the material is creatively presented.My favorite part is probably the circulatory system. It's in a darkened room; the arteries and veins are filled with colored fluid that really highlight the intricacies of our blood passageways. Close second would be the fetus room. Obviously it's controversial - there is an alternate route that bypasses the room. It's a complete shame that they don't allow photography. Well, it makes sense for them, but I had this awesome photo framed in my head of the fetuses as they progress from week to week.On average, they say it takes about an hour to go through the exhibit. I think it took us 90 minutes. We really took our time and I didn't even read every single panel.Currently, it costs $31 normally and $28 for locals (yay), but only $16.50 if you have a Clark County library card. So get your library card! Also, it's an additional $6 for the audio. I don't think it's necessary, but it could add to the experience as you look at the exhibits and hear someone explaining at the same time (as opposed to reading and then looking or vice versa).Or you could build a time machine and go back to when it was at the Tropicana for only $10.Overtime update: Or you could join us for the CMYE on December 19!
Cool decor...favorite place for breakfast when we stay at NYNY! Pancakes are great! Price of meals are decent prices for Vegas....good customer service as well! I have eaten here on several occasions since I first stayed at NYNY over 10 years ago! I almost always eat here when I visit Vegas!
Good food here and best prices. Never let you down here. They have great seaweed salad, albacore is really good. Very friendly staff. Happy hour is great
Love this place.  Best sushi in town!  I would recommend trying this place out.  The food is great and the service is awesome.
Great price, great service ! We are repeat customers, like once a month. We have always had great service and food. Food is always brought out in a timely manner.
Love this place! I really like their shrimp tempura sushi and the Korean BBQ beef :) not a big fan of sushi but I did enjoy it and so did my family.
Nice place. Large dinning room. And of course great nagiris. I will definitely come back here
Great food, great prices and friendly courteous staff. They offer a great happy hour with half price sushi and rolls. The all you can eat is also a great deal with most menu items included. My favorite is buy 2 saporos get 1 free.
Some of the best sushi I've ever had. And I eat a LOT of sushi. The wait staff was extremely friendly and attentive and the ambiance was wonderful. Would definitely continue to go here if I lived here.
Very accommodating servers - our server felicia was AMAZING.  she went out of her way to make sure everything was PERFECT.  Huge waters in a mason jar - and great beers, country music, and super fun atmosphere.  this is a very typical american tex/mex type place with beers and fatty food.  i had a great time!!! the reason for the 3 stars was the lack of vegan options. COME ON TOBY - vegans like tex/mex too - maybe some quick fixes would be taking the pork out of the black beans, having the rice be vegan (no chicken stock/butter) and then just offering a tofu option with the fajita.
They carry Tito's vodka, so my Texas friends are happy!! The band was really good and the DJ filled in while the band was on breaks. Very entertaining!  We didn't eat here so I can't tell you about the food, but the drinking and dancing is good!
Great atmosphere....good drinks.  Gets crowded but a lot more room than one thinks. Only stopped here for drinks, but food we did see looked awesome.
Group of 8 and had no desire to seat us!! Did not want to let us split up I to 4 and 4. Wanted to put us all on one check!! Not toe room receptionist was pushing 50 in buttless chaps!
Good food with nice views. Lol.  Had ribs and Mac and cheese balls. All very good. Going to try the bread pudding.
Comfortable rooms. Hip and trendy hotel. I love the pool area. The rooftop bar area is also really cool. They have bar service up on the roof and the view is great. I enjoy hanging out up there.
nice hotel. not far from the strip. enjoyed my stay here. came out to $200 for two nights. theres no casino. and only valet parking is available. located right behind the mgm grand
Had dinner with family here today. It's good but not for the price. The customer service was not that great the waiter was alittle rude.
Was a magical night, David Copperfield put on an amazing show which was nothing less than spectacular. I'd definitely go again.
Well worth it. Entertaining, highlight of our trip to Vegas.  Illusions leave you puzzled. David Copperfield is funny too. Show is very interactive. Be prepared to go onstage and participate. Theater is roomy, looked like decent seating all around.
Best Mexican food ever,Cheese dip is awesome,great food drinks ect,love it ,,,,i can eat this everyday,my daughter can live on this ,very authentic
Excellent fresh food, great prices. The shawerma was very good! We are definitely coming back.
My favorite place to get a gyro. I love the fries and fry sauce. Its really good. The owners are very nice and remember you when you come back.
Decent food. Friendly people but nothing special and definitely not authentic... I had the chicken shawarna and it lacked sauce and the chicken didn't have popping flavors.
This place is the bomb. A+ service family owned couldn't ask for better food ! The lamb is very fresh and establishment is clean . I really like the food here
Very helpful staff,  helped us plan exactly what we wanted.  Be sure to cover all that you want, everything is extra. Photographer was awesome & the lady who.put our album together was awesome.Didn't feel rushed and ceremony was just right amount of time.
Wow Saturday is busy with Glendale Glitters.  This is our go to spot for German food.  It is fun with a great atmosphere.  The food here is worth trying.  They have great sides to go with their meals.  The chocolate sauerkraut cake is so perfect.  You should go and enjoy the food and ambiance.
Poor at best. Slow service. The sides were dry and flavorless--even the sauerkraut. The only reason the place is still in business is that it is the only German restaurant on the west side of the valley.
The best service ask for "Ryan's" table. Food is fantastic!! Best price for the amount of food! Bring an appetite and a feel for a good Polka! I urge everyone to visit here when in town for Oktoberfest, Beerfest, or after Spring Training.
Expensive.   Good croissants.   Marginal service.  There are about a dozen tables.  $3.50 for bottle of water.
I went here on a business trip.  My salad was great but the short rib was dry.  The rib needed to be seated more so it could be juicer.
Food was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. The atmosphere was beautiful. The service was decent. I'd definitely eat there.
Super trendy Great vibeGood serviceJust overall awesomeAnd great ice cream Has a nice front patio over the creekAnd the staff is super awesome
Best patio in Scottsdale hands down. Always exceptional service and food. Had the breakfast burrito during lunch and I loved it. Ryan my server was very pleasant and accommodating.
Best breakfast in Old town Scottsdale! Great price and atmosphere! Their calamari shrimp tempura at lunch was amazing. I keep going back because it's consistently delicious.
Bacon dates Enough said You can't go wrong with that nor the hundreds of wine they have here. Drink some wine and look at those sculptured heads on the wall, guess how much they cost
Mediterranean salad? Yes, yes, yes, and yes. Add shrimp..of course. The little cafe is great and the patio is wonderful during the cooler months
Great meal, excellent atmosphere.   The gnocchi was fantastic as well as the soft pretzels.  The peanut butter dessert was also delicious.
It is my first time here and came for happy hr, it was packed and saw i sat at the bar and order the tacos Love their tacos! They are very yummy and everyone is friendly here :)
Delicious food with great service. Fairly pricy for dinner but they have a great brunch on the weekends which is very reasonably priced!
It's past the game tables and in the middle of the casino. FYI.The staff and chef are all very funny and sarcastic. I came, I sat and I ate. There was a lot of food. I mean alot!.My buddy, let's call him Bob, ordered too much and tried to get some boxes togo after like 10 mins of eating. The chef told him, "C'mon really? Man Up!" and he subsequently ate some more. Didn't quite manned up but did try to eat some more. At the end he got his box to take togo. Some of the customers asked the chef, "Where does the Oysters come from?" His reply, "From the cooler."  Yeah, it's as good as it gets here!Service is slow, but technically each seat gets you an hour of service! Like you can't leave even if you wanted to! They'd get you your check like later much later after you asked for it.
Combo Pan Roast FTW!!! Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas, hands down.
Best soup in town. Hands down.  It is worth waiting even 3 hours for. If you don't want to wait, go in the morning on the week days between 9 and 11 am. That will ensure you get right in. If it's your first time start with the pan roast since it's the house classic.
Holloman is so amazing! Best chef ever, great spirit and even better food. Wait is super long but totally worth it.
Pan Seared Combo with crab, shrimp and lobster is PHENOMENAL!!! This place is amazing, great oysters, fresh food and you can watch the chef make every dish to order. Highly recommend.
SIMPLY INCREDIBLE! Worth the wait. Great staff very personal. My wife & I started with a dozen steamed clams, which were delicious.  Then we had a dozen raw oysters.MMMMmmm. Then I had the bouillabaisse & my wife had the Ciopinno.  All prepared right before our eyes.  This was easily, one of the best meals I have had in some time.  From now on when I'm in Vegas, this is a must to visit Oyster Bar.
I travel from LA to Vegas just to eat here. Enough said.Tips for ordering: Alaskan clam chowder, and the pan roast w/ a bowl of white rice. Yum yum yum!
I would rather eat at Roberto's.... The food simply tastes like garbage.. Prices are way to high for their low quality food
The best Pho and dumplings I've had in Pittsburgh  :) the ambience is great, servers are friendly, a little out of the way for people living downtown or used to walking to places in Sah side but it's really worth it, especially when you have a bad hangover on Sunday.
Never disappoints... All their Pho is fantastic. Staff is always great! We always go Sunday's for lunch when the crowd is light... Especially on game days! It's BYOB too! For those that like Chinese & sushi Pho Kim has lots of good choices.
This is the best thai food restaurant in Pittsburgh. Their new location has a much nicer decor than the previous one. I enjoyed the spicy basil noodle dish as well as their chicken stir fried rice.
Excellent bang for the buck. A delicious meal. Fast friendly service. I will be back.
Was a Thai virgin now a Thai lover.  AWESOME!!!Tried a bunch of items from the menu and the favorites are the crunchy enoki mushrooms, steamed dumplings and the Thai green curry, delicious
Food is excellent, and very nice atmosphere.  Waiters are very jubd and polite. We did not have to wait on our drinks the waiter was on top of everything.
Nice people horrible food! Just go for drinks!I will never go back! First and last time in this establishment!
Best Greek food you'll ever eat! You have to try it. George the owner will take great care of you and give great suggestions. I had the chicken plate and it was Awesome! Gyros are great too and lots of authentic dishes. One of my favorite places.
Great food. Great view. Great service.- veal thumbs way up!- pasta thumbs also way up there!- refreshed, huge portions.- pat was a great server!
2nd time was a charm. 1st time was not too great but we give every place a second chance!  Glad we did. Food was great and service was great. Adrienne was our server and she was awesome!  We will be back!!
Food was good and same with the service. I ordered some beer and tacos and both were really good. Its a family own and operate mexican restaurant.
One of my favorite Mexican restaurant. Food is always awsome service is always great. Very good margaritas the best around
Good food. Skip the spring roll and war won ton soup. Satays were great. Service very attentive. Happy hour good bargain. Great alternative to the strip.
Found this place after long time and got addicted to their food. Nazi gaurang, Beef randang is the best!! lemon grass chicken is juicy..
Great food, outstanding service and fair prices. The flavors combination was so far great and the drinks were an indulgence
Good thai food in Las Vegas! Love the fried rice with egg! It's my second time eating here, it's not cheap but prices are reasonable.
So disappointed.  Better off going to Taco Bell. Don't even know if it was Beef or the dog from the back alley.  I guess I should have recognized that the place was empty
My brother took me on a date here we had a wobbly table and small cups. Plus free beans.
Nice environment and food!The staffs are friendly.Will visit it again next time with friends.
Reasonably priced food with good service. Felt like a home cooked meal. :) I would come back and dine in again !
Jalapeño shooter!! Amazing everything else was crap
Good food, good service, and the nachos are really good.Outside patio is great in the summer.
We stopped there for lunch and ordered the donkey nachos and ceviche. It was overpriced greasy and I had to send the ceviche back after the first bite. It was the worst ceviche I had ever put into my mouth. The staff was nice and the place it's self was very nice with a nice view. If only the food matched the surroundings.
The food is absolutely amazing!!! And the the people are great! The crack bread is absolutely a must have, you won't be disappointed! If you're looking for a cute date night spot,  try it out on a Thursday night for their $25 date night special,  you will be hooked just like the rest of us!
Cool place - food was eghhh - might give it a second try - worth a shot...funky atmosphere that makes the dinner more enjoyable than it really was...we tried the free crack bread with out yelp coupon...I'm happy it was free...overall not my favorite something was off - maybe next time in phoenix will give it second try
The red velvet is to die for !! I love big BUNDTS and i can not LIE!
I usually skip Buffets in Vegas, as most of them are overrated and not very good.  I was pleasantly surprised by the Mirage's Cravings Buffet.  Ate for brunch and they had very good options for breakfast.  The lunch options were a little light, as we arrived before the lunch stations were fully opened, but we still found more than enough to fill our bellies.  How can you go wrong with french toast and berries, eggs, chilaquiles, yogurts, etc!  Mini tiramisu was very tasty! Among the best choices from dessert bar.Service was very good and attentive.  Plus all you can drink beer and house wines.  Great value for your buffet dollars!
My favorite buffet with the unlimited brew beer and wine plus food is alright. The touch screen soda machine awesome buffet
Wonderful place! Very good food and GREAT service! We went for brunch and it was delicious. We got a coupon / discount through the Tix4Tonight Booth. It did cost us about $15.00 for the coupon but saved us about $75.00. Above all from the cashier to the hostess to our server and bartender the service was AWESOME!
Good all you can eat and drink(including alcohol) place!There're crab legs, big choice of tasty desserts and good quality food!
It's ok but awful considering the high price .  Mediocre food, not a large selection, and understaffed.  Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
The Mandalay Bay buffet is on the pricier side but well worth the price of admission. They have a varied selection of food especially at brunch. The steamed crab legs were the bomb.
We stayed here on a comp from the hotel players card, and the food here is great.  Service was ok. Had to ask the server to clear plates and waving them for refills. This buffet is on the pricierside
Staff is very nice. The food was so so. Looked as if it had been sitting out awhile. Just over all kinda run down and old. Could use some TLC. Same with the food.
Open bar from 10-11pm!
Great food, great service and a bit pricey. The creme brûlée is very good! However the entree didn't come with a side.. Seem to be bit stingy..
Best (authentic) Indian food in Phoenix. That is, unless your Indian grandmother lived in Phoenix as well.
A reasonably priced honest performance. Good show for kids during the day. Mac King is a nice and humble performer with great tricks.
Terrible. Had to send everything back and totally mediocre. The marinara sauce tasted like it was out of a can. Spending that kind of money for this was ridiculous
Can't go wrong with the passion iced tea.
Gluten free options. Organically focused. Still on my "roll" of 2012 gluten free goodness while on the road out of good old KC, I was pointed to Layers Bakery Cafe by a dear friend who used to live in Kansas City.  She now resides in Henderson, NV, and recommended this place I believe mainly because it was near where she works, & we were meeting her at work.Little did I know that I was about to walk into another place where I could literally order almost everything on the entire menu. This INCLUDED an Ace Pumpkin Pear Cider.  I guess that was an acceptable drink to have with a gluten free pot pie for lunch, right?My only challenge was selecting something, since there were so many options.  They had a very complete menu.  Regardless of if you are wanting breakfast/brunch or lunch, you could find something appetizing.  I have to add that I want to go back for breakfast because they have gluten free QUICHE, paninis, and french toast.  Sigh.  I miss quiche. Their soup, salad, and sandwich combinations were abundant. I even spied Chili with gluten free cornbread.  I think it would take me a very long time to order everything off the menu.  So for a person without food intolerances, it would take even longer.  They have great options regardless of your dietary preferences.This place has a great business model, a gorgeous color scheme, with very calming and happy colors (lime green - yay!) throughout the space.  Even the women's bathroom was adorable.So while I was absorbing the environment and the menu, I learned that the staff was also extremely patient and helpful.  This is a walk up and order, then they call your number place.  But while we were waiting, I had a chance to peruse the baked goods, which included a gluten free /vegan cookie that I eventually ordered after finishing my lunch.  I enjoyed reading about Layers on the table top tent thingy ; especially the no artificial ingredients, no preservatives, AND my favorite part was that Layers stated they are "Supporters of active parenting. Please accompany your small children to the restroom".Overall, we had a great experience here, and while I don't really have any plans to go back to Henderson, I can't help but try to find an excuse to visit Layers again.  It was that good.
Ok so this place has some awesome sweets. If you like pie it has pie with crumb topping as I am not a huge fan of lattice topping. Only issue is its not cheap as $22-24 a pie. I did see smores pie today which sounded interesting. The toffee bars are really good and they also have gluten free options. They slice a cake or pie daily. Never know what it is till you go in, so it's a gamble if I want a slice of pie not a whole pie. Call ahead if want something particular, no toffee bars or sliced pie today. It's convenient in the target shopping center and the service was great as they were quite patient with the little one making choices. They also serve sandwiches, bread and soup that I have heard is good but yet to try. They have challah on Fridays and I hear the cinnamon raisin bread is wonderful but its not the most convenient so I have yet to try that. But they did just open another location
One of our favorite date night, special occasion dinner spots. Romantic atmosphere. Definitely start with wine and a cheese plate! Reservations are always seated promptly. We have come in and simply sat at the bar for wine and cheese as well. Bartender was awesome! By far the halibut is my favorite entree!
Awesome patio, yummy drinks, fantastic food, great experience. Everything we ordered was delicious.
We love this restaurant best restaurant in Summerlin. Service and food were great. The ambiance is great beautiful decor. Great Place highly recommend.
Absolute gem. Best ballpark in the MLB! Not too pricey compared to other ballparks I've been to,  and weekday tickets are always a real value on stubhub.  It says something when I can attend over 65 games a year and afford it with ease.
Birthday party for my son - first time here pretty impressed so far. Spent the entire afternoon enjoying Amazing Jakes for my son's 13th Birthday Party.Very cool place for kids. The only problem I had was that there are no lockers to put valuables for the adults. For the parents this means that someone is always stuck at the table watching the "stuff." I did happen to make the suggestion to the manager this evening while picking up the remainder of our birthday cake.Over all very impressive place. Yes it's a little bit more than the average, but when you break it down it is worth it.Age appropriate for 8 and up especially.
Great food, great prices and the bartender Sandy always makes the meal enjoyable.I am a big fan of the Pollo Fundido, chicken wrapped in a tortilla and fried, topped with sour cream and cheese. Also can't go wrong with the Fajitas.
Excellent food and service. Easy parking and great location. Some of the best Mexican food I've had in a while. Definitely recommend
No words but fabulous ! Service was great and everything was delicious . From the salads , bruschetta and entrees to the wonderful bread . All wonderful !
If you eat only one expensive meal this year. Make it Flemings. No regrets. Make sure you try the cream spinach. It's the best I've had anywhere, ever.
Just ate at Flemings for Valentine's Day and it was amazing!!! From the staff to the food it was all amazing!!! Will be back for sure.
One of my favorite happy hour places. ...love the appetizers. One of my favorite apps is the calimari. I also love that they have a Summer Shandy. The service is always great to.
Nice place for exercise. Good location, Buses 12, 13 reach here. Not as big as ARC but good enough for most exercise
Stellar service. Amazing Steak. I hit up a ton of places and was Stoked on the ambiance and service.  I will be back
Not a place to bring a child, they charged full price for a baby that was 2years old. The cashiers was not friendly and couldn't hardly understand English. My sister ask why are we paying full price and maybe not a discount price like any other businesses, she told us that even if it was an arm baby coming in to their establishment they would be charged the full price. I don't agree that is why I am posting this comment in order for parents who have several babies is not subject to such a ridiculous practice. As far as me and my baby, and our family will not be eating at the feast till she is able to grab freakin plate her self. Golden corral here we come.
Vigazz Burger was DELISH! I really like the vibe, the beer selection is okay. In all honesty, if this was in Tucson, it'd be my favorite place. But surrounded by places just as good, I feel it gets lost.  It was good, just not good enough to go back.
Love this place! Great wine selection and good deals on Tuesday!  Cool atmosphere too.  Definitely one of my favorite places to go.
Probably the best bowl of Posole that I have had In the valley. Very flavorful and best of all, they don't serve you just broth and a bone with bits of meat. It has big chunks if meat and full of flavor. For only 8 bucks... It's amazingI'm Mexican, and from San Diego and am quite picky on my Mexican food and how I rate it. This Posole is rivaled only by my moms. And from what I'm told, the chef flys his mom in to perfect the recipe... Great for rainy days, hang overs or a good lunch. I'm a regular here and there isn't much I don't like
Everything Coca Cola! Coke rules and Pepsi sucks. That's my story and I'm sticking to it!If you're a Coke fan this is a must visit when in Vegas. It's right on The Strip so why not? Plus, on a steaming hot day it's nice to take a break in the World of Coca Cola for some nice air conditioning and cold samples of their "sodas of the world" selection. I have done this a few times here and there are like 16 different varieties. Some are downright nasty tasting and others are surprisingly good and wish they offered a few of them here in the states. Based on what country they are from I guess their palates are way different than here in the USA. Hey Italy, what the heck? Yuck.   If you are a Coca Cola memorabilia collector this place is your mothership. All types of shirts, toys, magnets, hats, cups, clothes, and assorted trinkets. Be prepared to pay tourist trap prices though! Take a picture with the big Coca Cola Bear - at least that's free if you use your own camera. Definitely worth it to drop in and walk around the place for a bit. As it is, I am a Diet Coke and Coke Zero fan. Lately I am addicted to the Cherry Zero Coke. I just can't stop!
we had fun trying the around sampler tray! some good some nasty, but still fun :P.  nice kick back time for the family. I'm not into coke fan so I didn't buy any other stuff.
Good service, authentic food & quite environment :) we ordered crab fire rice, seafood green curry & pad Thai they are very yummy!
Jasmine tea is a must!Dined here last night and was greeted at the front door by Archi himself, nice guy!HER...Pineapple Panang-3, Chicken Pad Thai-3, Mango w/ Sticky RiceME...Spicy basil pork-10, Chicken Pad Thai-10, Excellent service as always!
I only tried the mango sticky rice and its AMAZING! Try it! The drive through is a wait they take a while to get to the window
Always good here. Nice and clean good service. Red curry with tofu is very good. Papaya salad is very good as well. My favorite Thai restaurant
This place was amazing  loved it will be  back amazing  service and food my entire group loved it would highly  recommend  it
The steaks we're awesome, but the chicken was dry and chewy! Nice atmosphere, the servers were on top of their game! I would return in the future!
Outdoor bar great atmosphere solid drinks nice vibe. Food at the eateries on the property was fabulous.
Great place to stay for a weekend, quality food and service. Food is excellent and a gym is located on the property.
BWW has became my go to spot for wings always pretty good! Always really good and the wings are big too! The Asian zing has easily became my favorite flavor dellllllllicious!!!!!!!!
Food tastes old. Bland food on a Sunday night served with terrible service. No water refills. No prebussing. No manager in sight. Can't wait to pay and leave.
Worse BWW I've ever been too. Food came cold and my appetizers came after main food. First and last time I will come to this location!!
Been waiting here for 20mins for my food. Going to walk out in 5mins if I don't get my food. The server doesn't check back up to see if you need a refill
Very sweet people and quick service. We like their shrimp and walnut entree. Good and reliable Chinese food for dinner :)
Great food - delivery is fast and the food is alway hot. The egg foo yong is one of my favorites.
They don't take reservations but the line moves quickly. Charge it to the room to see if they will comp it based on your play.We had two meals here. The first was a late breakfast, early lunch. I had the steak and eggs and my girlfriend had the bento box. She said the bento box was good and looked similar to those she has had at other establishments. The steak and eggs, on the other hand, was a bit disappointing. On the bright side, they allow you to substitute the hash browns for their truffle oil coated fries (these were good). The eggs were cold when I received them but they did quickly replace them with warm eggs after I asked. The steak was a bit thin for me, about 1/2 an inch and had more fat to trim than I expected. Although cooked correctly, it lacked flavor. Our second meal was breakfast. My girlfriend had the chicken and waffles. As you'll see from the pictures posted on here, it comes with bacon which was a nice touch (and tasted very good). The chicken was fried properly and had a nice flavor. It comes on top of 4 small waffles, plenty for her for breakfast. I had the blue crab benedict - I would HIGHLY recommend this. I posted a picture and hopefully you will be able to see the amount of crab served in this dish. Not only was there a great amount of crab, the flavor was excellent. It's served in a bowl rather than a plate as they provide plenty of sauce used to devour your crab.I may have mentioned this before, it's not an inexpensive place to eat, $24 for the crab benedict and $17 for the chicken and waffles, $4 for a soda, $4+ for coffee. We had a hotel credit to use so it worked out perfectly for us. If you're staying at The Hotel, it's a convenient place to eat. Service is pretty good, the atmosphere is a bit like a club (pretty dark but not near as noisy, black napkins, dark décor, high prices!). But, they do have mini spot lights over the table which allows you to see the menu as well as your food. They are quick to prepare the order (which was one reason the cold eggs were so surprising). Also nice because it is away from the noises of the casino, but it is right off the hallway from the hotel over to the casino (so there is a bit of foot traffic if you sit by it). Hope you get a chance to try it.
Was uneasy about trying a new place but left very pleased. Ask for Susanne! She's a bit pricier (one of the master stylists) but is absolutely terrific :)
Very helpful and knowledgeable staff. Always a repeat customer. They focus on one person at a time at the gun counter and their info helps you make the right decision.
Awesome store! Prices are compatible with other local stores.. I shop at Cabela's at least once a month and always find good deals on ammo or fishing equipment.. employees are very knowledgeable regarding the merchandise they are selling..
Great inexpensive way to get up and down the Strip!Coming from NYC where we use mass transit as part of our everyday lives it is no big deal to ride The Deuce up and down the strip along with the crowds of tourists.Sure, these shuttle buses can get crowded, but when it's 100 degrees out and you need a quick air conditioned ride down the strip to another casino or over to Freemont street, this service is more than welcome. At only $7 for 24 hour on and off access it's a nifty little deal.Just like in NYC you get all kinds of characters on these buses - many tourists, some locals, a few homeless, and of course the crazy peeps that make you shake your head. They are double-decker buses and have lots of seating when not too crowded. Sure, it is a cheap deal but does make a lot of stops and the ride can get tedious. It makes you consider taking cabs instead, but you will pay more that way. The Deuce is a cost conscious way to explore the strip if watching your wallet. Hey, why bother to walk in blazing heat to that next casino that you think is only a short distance away. You know it's an optical illusion and you will hate yourself after walking forever to get to it and sweating your ass off!
Service was great and food delicious! The serving was great potion and I recommend highly
Service was great and food delicious! The service was good n server was great! Won't be disappointed.  I will be going back soon! Very organized
Portions shrunk and price doubled. No more value here. Eat home it's much better. They used to give a lot of food for the money. The food is very good but very small portions. I ate two meals and it cost me 40 bucks and I left hungry. Baklava is Greek style and the gyro is also Greek style. Phoenicia is supposed to be middle eastern like shawarma and kibbeh. The should change the name to Athens Grill cause it more Greek than Arabic.
This place makes me smile! I can not wait to come back and try more! We went this Friday evening around 8pm and it was packed. Seated in a corner table, our server was very nice. To my left was a large party of Italian speaking adults. It was almost as if they set the ambiance for us. You could hear the older lady just going on and on. I do not know if they are affiliated with the business or not but it made our 4 star experience a 5 star! We started with the caprese and an order of focaccia bread. You can tell a lot from a caprese because of the simplicity of this dish. The tomatoes were perfectly ripe, the mozzarella creamy and the olive oil just flavorful enough. I cracked some sea salt and pepper onto the top and was in heaven. The focaccia was not the bread I am used to. It was wonderful, but I was looking forward to the thick chewy bread I love. My husband said this was more traditional and he devoured it.We then ordered our first pizza. The Settebello because if you are going to name a dish after yourself it should be the best you have. And it was! The prosciutto was incredible. It makes my mouth water thinking about it! the small sliced sausage cooked to perfection. I even loved the tomato sauce. Just a very light sauce.Our next pizza was the Bianca. This was my husbands favorite. It had fresh arugula draped over the top, not tomato sauce but creamy amazing cheese.Then we had dessert. A lemon tart with the most amazing crust. It was thick and flaky and heavenly. I can not wait to return with friends!
I love the food here. Nice change from chain pizza. Great atmosphere and service also
My husbands and I favorite place for lunch hands down. Pizza is delicious:) . They have a great selection of beers and wine. We also enjoy there salad our fav is the romana salad with the pine nuts and goat cheese yum !!
The pizza and dessert was great! I would suggest this restaurant to anyone. Though I wasn't crazy about their Nutella pizza, I would definitely come back for any of their pizzas. They are freshly made and I love how it taste like home.
Knocking off 2 stars for not being dog people.They are NOT dog friendly despite having an outdoor seating area and coming up in the results when you search "dog friendly restaurants" on yelp!
Probably the best place in Vegas area for italian style pizza. Prices could be a bit lower but still reasonable
Great food! Authentic Mexican!  Been 3-4 times, always very delicious. Chips and salsa are great. Been for  breakfast  and got Chiaquiles... That's what brought us back.
Great place to grab a beer and listen to some music. The prices are great and the staff is friendly. Low key and and relaxed environment.
Family Friday night get away. Love the people. Drinks are on..... great fish and chips and chicken wings. Love it. Thank you
Bobby is a very rude server. She has no personality considering she works at the bar. Food is very dry and takes a while.
This place is pretty good, but our meal was comped so my review may be skewed. The Caesar salad is pre and over dressed. The Shrimp cocktail shrimps were HUGE and delicious! The free crackers and pico de gallo were addicting. Filet Mignon was actually pretty good. The pasta was delicious! We ordered dessert but were too full to eat it. The whole casino area reeks of cigarette smoke but once you enter the Cortez Room, you can breathe again.
Best place around for martini happy hour. Classy place. My favorite is the Lemon Drop Martini. You will love the ahi mini tacos. All their appetizers are top notch. No bar food here. It's also a good place to meet interesting people.
We had a grear dinner and service was great at Hanks!Cream corn and au gratin sides were great, looking forward to returning
No. I was not impressed with the $89 Wagyu steak I had. Better off going to Craftsteak.
Good food. And Taco tuesdays always a great option. Wait staff are awesome.  Will be back. Thanks Locos Patron.
just an FYI -- this dump is now closed. yelp should update this or delete the account in general. the new owners drove this place straight into the ground.Once this place became Blitz Sports Bar & Grill it was a lost cause. The new owner cared more about turning it into his version of Twin Peaks than the actual patrons or sports. The food quality was beyond disgusting. The bathrooms were so gross I had to leave and walk across the street so I could feel safe. There were flies EVERYWHERE in the restaurant... super safe for food. NOT.This place was amazing when it was Upper Deck! People loved it and they had a huge MSU & U of A following. Now it has chains on the doors and is pitch black inside. So sad.
Love the store Karma. Awesome place. A lot of space and a lot of walking to do. Great nice pretty place
Going to come here for a week straight while I'm in town visiting ! Love this place so much. Very nice facility and excellent customer service. The energy is amazing and I love that they have so many different classes to choose from. I actually just signed up for the Pilates teacher training in April . Let's get it !!!
Best priced studio in town! Wide variety of classes on an extensive schedule. The recently added yoga sculpt classes are the bomb!
Best place in Las Vegas . Great people kinda old school but very nice place specially tj Friday . Well I love Orleans loll love it!;)
This is the only place I go for dim sum in Vegas. I absolutely love it. This place hasn't changed much since my last visit 10 years ago. The food is always wonderful.
Best dimsum! Yea right. Not a best place to get dimsum. Taste awful, and very expensive.
Bartenders here are racist.  And refuse to serve drinks. Not a welcoming gay bar to go to at all
Signature tastting menu. Heaven.Possibly the best meal and best service I've ever experienced.  I just went with it and ate things I don't normally eat - caviar, foie gras, etc.  Each course amazed.  The cheese course was the stuff my cheesy dreams are made of.The dessert cart - just when you can't eat one more bite - you do.  And your glad.At over $300 per person (that was with one cocktail each), it was pricey but oh-so-worth it.  I want to go back.
Dress for the occasion by wearing a jacket and gloves. Also tie your skates really tight. The rink will be as great or as boring as you want to make it. I came here on a Friday morning for the "Adult Coffee Club" skate time. This was perfect because only people 21 and over were allowed to be on the rink. This my friends is a dream come true. I didn't have to worry about tripping over little kids and I was able to enjoy myself in the company of other adults.With a $7 admission to the rink and $2 skate rentals, this was a well worth value. I did not try and food here, so I can't critique the selection. In fact, the food area wasn't even open during my 11:30am to 12:45pm visit. The rink was nice and smooth because we came early in the day. Because we did not choose a peak time to visit, the crowd was no more than 12 people. A visitor even spent time trying to teach our friend how to skate. Wacky hilarious music such as "la la la bomba" played during our skate and set the mood for fun.  When the skate allotment time was over, there was no guards pressuring us to get off the ice. We were able to transition off of the ice and onto our feet without feeling hassled. We truly appreciated this.My only true complaint is that most of the lockers outside of the skate rinks are quarter sucking duds. Next time I will walk in barefoot with socks on my hand rather than trying to lock up my shoes.I know my husband and I will be sure to come back again soon.
Nothing to say, just great food, the steak was like a piece of butter and the cocktails are ingenious, original and delicious.  Try the fries with the truffle sauce, you cant stop eating them!
Great customer service, nice shooting range, and love Ladies Shoot Free Tuesdays! Will definitely come back
Overcharged and when spoke with manager was told sorry but no refund for overcharge the manager continues to. Argue with us
Biggest downside is the 10am checkout with a $35 fee for one extra hour and $100 per hour after 11am!!! Aside from that this hotel/condo style property is great . Off the strip and quiet with no casino . 24/7 jacuzzi and pool in tower 3.  Easy parking not like the strip hotels . We don't have a timeshare and got this by booking a Priceline vacation package .  Rooms are clean and spacious , we got upgraded to a 2bedroom suite with 3 beds in it, but had no use for it as we were just 2 people. Great for large groups to cram into one unitUpdate -Don't give them your real phone number when you check in- they will call you after your stay to sell you a timeshare !!
Awesome wings!! Love the food and the service is awesome too! Soo yummy! I also had the spinach salad and the flat breads. The butchers block is always great for people wanting meat, And the chicken flatbread is great too! Had the skinny margarita, also awesome!
Fried pickles!!! I ate a whole basket to myself! We went for some Monday night football and the manager was extremely nice.
Oooooo i love this place!I wish i was a billionaire because I will spend money here all the time, the service is great and anytime I ever have a question someone knows how to answer it. The employees are always friendly and like I said before they know their stuff.
I really loved all of their outfits! The owner is great also and very helpful! I came in and found a beautiful dress for my graduation. There are short dresses and long dresses as well as long or short sleeve. Some of the styles don't have a lot of sizes but they make up for it with the selection of dresses. Great store!
Tried A Wreck & Pizza Sandwich. Love the bread and the cheese. The online ordering system is not very good tho. I can't check the ordering history after I submit the order.
Food was terrific. For $5 you can't eat anywhere like the breakfast here.Had the scrambled eggs. They were from a carton so they always seem to have that strange texture. Could also use some seasoning. I could have asked the omelet bar to make me a couple of eggs, but I didn't. The bacon was just ok. Stuck together (baked) so I ended up with more than I really wanted. Sausages were good. Biscuits and gravy were average. Shredded hash browns were average too. Had a jelly donut for desert. Same quality as a convenience store donut. Ok for a cheap breakfast.
Everything was amazing!!! I purchased a groupon for this place to try out and will be going back and paying full price!!!
They need better service for the high prices. But this is Vegas. Will not come back. The food was good, just not worth the price. Maybe the buffet is a better deal.
Grossly underrated place! It takes a little while to get the food but that's because they seem to make a lot of it from scratch. I've been here twice and tried a total of 7-8 dishes. All have been fantastic.
Not impressed. Slow service mediocre food. Ur in vegas bump up ur game. Closed with fortune cookies..
We were so happy to find a Shabu Shabu restaurant while on vacation!  If we lived in Las Vegas, we'd be frequent diners!  Very good dinner for a very reasonable price. Good job!
This place is amazing! The staff is friendly, the ice cream is great. There is a variety to choose from so you can try something new every time you come in.
Awesome beer at low prices $1 off happy hour reg 32 oz beer 8 bucks no wonder everyone loves this place.  We tried the oggy and the cheese and onion.  I love the cheese and onion and would get it again.
I know they are known for their pasties, but the Chicken Tikka Salad is delish!   We've tried the Portabello, The Italian, The Bangers and Mash -- all are yummy.  The staff is always friendly.  We've had opportunity to sit at the bar, at the tables, and at the bar near the kitchen.   It's fun all the way around.
Very hipster, but the pasties make it worth coming back. It's tough to stray from my go to: The Pilgrim (it's like thanksgiving in your mouth everyday of the year). They have over 20 different varieties to choose from though, so it's sure to please the entire group.TIP: Wash it down with one (or two or more) 3 dollar Irish Car Bombs all day everyday
Over rated! Doesn't compare to the pasties of the U.P. over priced for what you get too. I don't think I'll go back anytime soon.
The chicken tikka masala pasty is great. The ambience and every thing is excellent. You can also try chicken pot pie here
Awesome! Few British pubs in the area and this place gets it right! Awesome beer selection and the prices can't be beat. Try the shepards pie pasty if you have never tried one- simply fantastic. It truly felt like we were back in Europe... Try something different and go to Cornish Pasty.
Meatballs wrapped in bacon!!!  Need I say more?Waiter was prompt and courteous.  The atmosphere is a dark corner pub with really good Cornish food.  Really good food.  There is plenty of beer to choose from, both on tap or bottle.  The beer is served at the right temp.    Did I mention the bacon wrapped meatballs?
Great beer, best food around. You will not be disappointed, don't let the atmosphere fool you.
Free wifi with purchase of an item. Score!!  This place is a little bit of heaven while in the Sin City.  I was out here for a conference and had some work to get done.  I went here a couple of days using the free WI-FI and drinking all the various teas they offer.  Great service, huge selection, and good customer service.
Love this store!! Great customer service in every department. Service always with a smile
easy to get to because it's a quick stop on the highway. it's a good, cheap meal on your way to Utah or elsewhere! The burgers are really awesome and so are the shakes! I used to go here to eat after high school to relax and it was always a fun spot to chill at. However, I do suggest that everyone pass on the cheese fries because they are just so-so and they should use a different cheese!
Never been disappointed here at this location. Always on point. :). Drive thru can get pretty long just like any other In n Out, so if you are in a rush make sure you give yourself plenty of time depending on what time you go.
Best wings, hands down. If you're just craving wings, Long Wongs is your spot. I've only been to this location and I typically do call in orders. Quick and easy. Eat some wangs!
Beat prices California rolls and spicy tuna rolls!! Fresh and great to go. The customer service is nice and the staff always pleasant. The seating is limited, but adequate. Great music and nice atmosphere.
First time here will sure come back soon for their deep fried sushi , we had years looking for places with deep fried sushi and finally found the perfect one
Good sushi and great service. Sushi chefs are attentive and quick. We love the scallop volcano roll and the shrimp killer. For the best service I suggest sitting at the bar
This place is So delicious ... very fresh . I will recommend to my friends and family . Definitely coming back
The best all you can eat sushi there is! It's kind of out of the way but worth it. I drove 3 hours to get here!
Amazing customer service, fast with food, and great hospitality. Would come back anytime
This is my 3rd time here. The Service is always great.  Food is hot n fresh. Bacon shrimp  zucchini was the  bomb. Love that they have half rolls on ayce.
Love the shrimp tempura!!! Great crab sticks and unagi :~) Their AYCE is at a fairly reasonable price and the service here is amazing.
Very good for AYCE! I love Ono and they haven't let me down on it yet.They of course have all the usual suspects in rolls and plate options as well.
Yummy sushi! And it's really inexpensive. Yay! Fountain soda finally and really great vegan options.... Avocado sushi, vegetable sushi etc.
Fast service, great food. Try the Snow White roll! Whenever we want sushi,  we come here first.  They have an all you can eat option as well.
Great food and great service!! They make the food really quick too!!! So yummy!! Definitely coming back here!
Great food!! Service was a tad slow but other than that good was excellent. Ordered the tenderloin tips and the brownie finale for dessert! Was delicious!!
Extremely slow service.... go elsewhere!Quality of the food wasn't bad but ladies and gentlemen you will have a few birthdays by the time the food comes out.
It's packing but you can still get in quickly which is a good thing if there are 6 of you and you are hungry.  Pretty standard fare but it is reasonably priced and they get it to the table pretty darn quick.Will say they do make some significantly large enough pancakes.  I suggest the blueberry ones - YUM!  And they will keep the juices, water, and coffee coming as long as you want them.  Even though we like trying new places to eat when we travel we seem to gravitate to this place each time we are in Scottsdale.
This place is amazing tastes amazing and great customer service. Usually don't give 5 stars unless their food is really good and customer service is on point!
Ok this place is amazing. My picky eaters (kids) love it. We had the Souvlaki and the kids ate it all! That never happens. Don't miss the bread! Yum. The waiter from Bulgaria was by far one of the best waiters I've had in a long time.
Some super good authentic homemade Mexican food in Henderson, NV of all places!  This is no way related to the lousy restaurant chain, this places if family owned and operated.   Great sauces and salsas.  Excellent chile relleno and enchiladas.  Home-cooked style beans and rice.  Our service was great and my Dos Equis was cold.  My parents live near this place and frequent the place all the time.  Definitey a place I want to go each time I visit them...and it helps that its very close to their home.   Nothing fancy about the place inside or out, but ample seating and good prices go with the excellent food!
have to say. not very good anymore.what a shame. The food is just not the same as it used to be a while back.
bloody mary, Amir, 70 degrees, Kona and v-land!!!! Perfect!! Great happy hour selection, beautiful outdoor venue, great drinks, delish Pad Tai !!!
Lots of space for the dogs to run and grass is usually well maintained...
Love this park and so does my puppy Lilly. We usually go every morning and see a lot of the same dogs. Lilly has such a great time playing and running with all her dog friends. It's such a joy to watch. I'm so thankful Scottsdale has such a wonderful place to take your dogs.
Don't fill up on the bottomless frys before your meal arrives.I think this was my deciding visit!  I'm not sure if I will be back, it was ok!  Nothing really exciting to write about.  Just the fact that it was a decent place to sit down and have a burger or a few other choices. I got the guacamole bacon burger, I had to keep shaking there special seasoning on my burger.   I also had to do a double take, to make sure the guacamole was really on tt.  My root beer float...I'm not sure about there ice cream, it wasn't that sweet.  I don't think I will be back.
Terrible service took an hour to get a water when it wasn't busy waitress just stood around talking to friends
Very very slow.  First time here.  Figured I would give it a try since it's a block from my house.  Been waiting 40 minutes for my take out order....still waiting.  Wish I would have read the reviews first....
Get the Thai tea is is sublime!  The Pad Thai is the standard, but I say go crazy, every dish is stellar.   Another great location for a premier Thai shop in Vegas for the Rainbow , 215 crowds...off rainbow down by Robindale.  Brand spankin new digs, same ole quality food and service.  Home run for the neighborhood.   5 star stuff here...and CHEAP! $21 for two for lunch....
The food was great. The service was excellent and the prices were good.  I love the curry,  it is spicy,  but still has a great flavor. They also have a great selection of drinks.   The chicken satay is a great starter.
Wow, red curry with pumpkin is so yummy.  Service was terrific, interior is nice too.  What a fantastic Thai place, wish it wasn't 30 miles away.
Able to do gluten free. Not listed on the menu but just ask. I had the GF Pad Sew Ew and it was delicious. I'll be back!
Awesome Thai food! Kat is the best worker/server there! She always provides great customer service and makes sure everyone is having a good time!
15 to 20 minutes of previews and AMC promos before the movie actually starts.  Not many people at the theater for a Saturday afternoon so concessions were quite fast.  Theater was clean as always and conveniently located at Desert Ridge.
12/18/12Saw Dark Knight Rises IMAX here a few months ago.  I had worked till late, had dinner at home, then went to the after-10p show.  The sound was too loud, and I was so tired and cranky (loud noises do that to me, especially when I'm already tired) that after the two-hour mark (the movie ran almost three hours), I just wanted to go home and crawl into bed.Didn't like the parking situation then, as it was my first visit, but after going back for another movie, it's OK.  No different than that of Tempe Marketplace's...  BTW, I saw "Les Miserables" tonight, one week before opening day (Christmas), a perk of having an AMC Stubs membership ($12 annual fee-- I was able to get in at a 50% discount a few months ago).  There was only a limited amount of seats offered, and all of the tickets had sold out.  It was very nice to be a part of that audience, as it wasn't at all crowded, and it felt like everyone there was an avid Les Mis fan.  It was nice not to be the only one weeping at the beauty of the story, soundtrack, and cinematography!
This is the second time I came in and I'm so surprised by how the staff was. Last time I got a half and half pizza. And it was amazing. Today they don't make it at all. Their menu apparently changes depending on the flow of the place. Although on their menu it says " u dream it we build it". I guess not. First  time I went it was Amazing!!! Delish!!!! We love the pizza. Pricey but oh so yummy.
Great little dive bar in the heart of old town. Fun and great for smaller groups. Very clean and friendly staff. Stop in for a quick drink or sit and relax and enjoy some pin ball
The fish and chips and salad bar were great.The waitress was friendly. I liked the atmosphere.
Great meal we had the prime rib and salmon, everything was excellent.  The service was spot on and appreciated.
Just saw Chef, great movie!  This theater is not comfortable though!!!  It was hot and the chairs don't recline at all.  Even the girl I was with was sweating the whole time. I will definitely drive further for a better, more comfortable experience.
Large multi screen theatre.  Always a good time here.Buy the 2015  t-shirt and refillable cup for an even better deal.
Just got my first library card in about 10 years... Libraries have changed! They have a huge selection of DVDs and music to borrow. And did you know you can request books online, and if they don't have them at your "home" library, they'll ship em there?!  There's also to opportunity to download books from the library to your e-book device. So cool ... I haven't explored the gift shop or coffee spot in the library yet.  I have managed to find good books including the 30-day Vegan Challenge and a cook book to go along with it.  Can't wait to see what else the library has in store for me!
If you want store brand, cheap salsa to go along with the rest of your bland food, this is the place to go!We live fairly close to this location and have heard mixed reviews, some have explained the horrible things it will do to your stomach while some have said it's the best in the valley. We came in for dinner last weekend to give it a try. Boy were we disappointed...First off, the salsa tastes good but if I wanted store bought salsa, I would stop at Fry's and pick some up on my way home. When I go out to eat at a Mexican restaurant I expect they aren't opening a jar of Pace and dumping it into a bowl. I ordered the taco salad with shredded chicken. While there was a lot of chicken, I couldn't believe they used bagged lettuce with giant chunks of carrots and radishes. At no point does a taco salad recipe call for carrots or radishes. It was a cheap presentation on top of cheap ingredients. I will say the guacamole was good, I'd love to know what store they buy it from so I can pick some up as well. We have no desire to be back. If you want some good Mexican food try Don Ruben's on Cactus.
Great food and large portions!  Always love to eat here!  This place is a family favorite.
Very very rude on the phone!! Driving business away! When I called I was trying to order food my few people and the person on the phone just didn't wanted to take the order making very difficult ... When we got our food it was all messed up... She never gave us our salsa . Just sad to have that experience when the location on 35th n bell is so amazing!
Chips and hot sauce is great. I always eat too much of it before my meal arrives. Anywhere you sit theres a good view of a tv.
The Downtown Dill is my favorite cocktail! This place is the most amazingly chill cocktail bar I've ever had the pleasure of being to. They have a number of great cocktails for you to expand your tastes with. I've never had a bad drink at DCR and I've pretty much tried most of the menu. The bartenders are also extremely friendly and personable!
Great atmosphere and drinks are unique. I love to pre-game at the Downtown Cocktail lounge. It atmosphere is very chill and drink are pretty good. The music played by the DJ could range from electronica to Trip hop. The servers and bartenders are very friendly. You should definitely try out their Absinthe drinks. They're pretty good.
Good, original drinks and a decent price. Chill, intimate atmosphere. They have a good selection of original drinks, similar to speakeasy style. Close to Fremont, but a lot more classy.
Dark atmosphere, very chill. Good, mixed crowd with stellar jukebox. Live music in the back.Nice alternative to the strip scene.
So amazing!  I feel like i am back in Scotland!   Love Moose Drool!  So cozy and warm. great staff
Yes you can find good items here, but they do not have good customer service, they do not care to talk with you, would it hurt to be friendly
Great tourist attraction. feature shops, botquies, night clubs, art museums, Good Luck with finding a place to park. I highly recommend valet.There is so much history in Old Town. You can find historical museums or take a ride on the trolley. My favorites are all the options to dine at after taking a stroll through all the shops. Farmers Market on Saturday's with local vendors. That is another great perk about old down many local shops and boutiques with a variety of things to enjoy.
Is it so wrong to have an alcoholic frozen drink at 10am?Aw hellz nah! Nothing like grabbing a bar stool at this spot in the Distric Area of MGM and getting your head all straight with a frozen margarita, pina colada, daiquiri, or one of their other cold concoctions early in the morning. Definitely helps shake loose the cobwebs in your head after a long night partying and gambling.A little hair of the dog to help start your day off right. Dayum - they even serve up jello shots here that are pretty strong!I love you Vegas......
Diet advice: Never eat more chocolate than you can lift!Placed gets packed quick! Make sure you have reservations!The food was good. Expensive but good. Honestly it takes a lot to screw up Traditional American food. They had a deal that at $60/per person you could sample a lot of what they had to offer. Everyone at my booth took it and we got to sample almost everything! Their white chocolate brownie was amazing. I usually don't like white chocolate. I like my chocolate like I like my.....nights? Dark? (dumb dumb dumb) but it was really good.Go for dessert. Stay to people watch- seriously, the people in AZ are different. Or maybe it's just because people think I look Mexican. You won't deport me back to Cali!
Excellent pulled pork sandwich! 100% pork -no fat! Also very nice French fries. My husband had an Amana blue cheese burger and he loved it also.
We were able to get a reservation at short notice. Very good food, excellent service...  The prime rib was excellent.   Deserts were huge and delicious. Highly recommend.
Great food and service prices r fair. And I would go back. The drinks r strong and kept coming.
Terrible sushi. We did all you can eat. All the pieces stick to the plate and when picked up they fall apart. AWFUL service! It took me 15 minutes to get a cup of Miso soup. I thought id try a simple CA roll at the end of our meal because I figured it was a simple roll so they couldn't screw it up. WRONG! Again, it fell apart and it tasted like chlorine. DO NOT GO HERE!
Never really got into sushi but this place is off the hook. I was introduced to this place by my girlfriend Tina on a trip to Vegas a few years ago, and we make a point of coming here whenever we come out to Vegas to visit friends.
Playing pickleball here. Lots of lines on the courts so it's a bit confusing at first. And the glare from the huge glass windows is blinding. Next time I'm wearing my sunglasses. Hope that will help.
Cheapest place around during happy hour! You must check it out. Try the volcano drink for two!
Favorite place to get a milk Thai boba teaLunch deals are pretty decent my friend ordered the orange chicken and I ordered the sesame. Both came with an eggroll and your choice of white or pork fried rice. Egg drop soup is my fav.
So the rate has more than doubled and the content is less.  It was like let's make a deal when I called to cancel - so really what is the bottom line?  Ask for a better rate and you might get it they offered $24/ mo today.   Seems ingenuous!!!
Good ribs and karaoke nights are so funny ! Great staff and the owner is funny and nice !
Use ur M life points here!We stumbled here the first day for lunch because were gambling and needed a break from all the losses. After finding out we could use our M life rewards here, we came back again the next day!  This originally wasn't on my list of places to eat, but being near the casino floor we decided to stop in for what we thought would be a mediocre but quick lunch. The waiter came by and gave us the normal spiel of what were the specials for the day, which I honestly never pay attention to. However, my boyfriend does, and he noticed that their special, NOT ON THEIR MENU, was a salmon burger with corn based slaw onions etc. FOOD we ordered from both visits:SALMON BURGER - omg. AMAZING. this is OFF THE MENU so if you're coming here and you love salmon as much as i do and love corn as much as i do, make sure you ask for this. I've had salmon burgers elsewhere that i thought were great, but this is amazing!! I'm so glad that our waiter came by and mentioned that it was off the menu. If i weren't coming back to try the other recommended items from yelpers the second day, i would've ordered it again. TRUFFLED POTATO CHIPS with MAYTAG BLUE CHEESE - ordered this per yelper's recommendations. SO YUMS!!! the potato chips were not thin but not super thick, made just the right width with the right crunchiness. I love truffle oil and I love it when its used right. You could definitely taste the truffle oil on the chips. It's not overpowering. I'm also generally not a big fan of blue cheese on anything else but my salads, but there wasn't enough. Plus you can always brush it off when you're eating the potato chip, it doesn't leave a residue taste on the chip either.CRAB CAKES - ordered this per yelpers recommendations as well. they come out in 4 or 5 what looks like tiny crab cakes, but they are made exquisitely and I have to say even being located in desert nevada, these crab cakes were fresh and delicious! I hate it when people put in so many crumbs it takes away from the crab stuffing or the crab flavour. That wasn't the case at all. It wasn't an overpowering crab taste either. I highly recommend ordering these! REUBEN SANDWICH - My boyfriend ordered this. I'm not a huge fan of Reuben's but he said it was ok. He asked for no cheese on his reuben, but it came out with cheese anyway. The one good thing about this was he asked for a substitute of a salad for his french fries, and the salad that came out was fresh and delicious!SPICY TUNA TARTARE - this was a good order. I tried a few other tuna tartare's that week in vegas and this was definitely the best one that I tried. I liked the wonton's that came with it too. the chip was thick and crunchy. BBQ PORK SPARE RIBS - Ordered this bc we had M life points to spend (WUT WUT in the MGM). They were made well, but being from the south I've definitely tasted better ribs. but since these were comped ribs, I have no complaints. hahaha.SPICY SOPRESSATA PIZZA - my boyfriend ordered this as well. I'm not a fan of spicy things on my pizza but he was A BIG FAN OF THIS PIZZA. He highly highly recommends it. Didn't have room during either visit for dessert but nothing on the menu super caught my eye. ATMOSPHERE/DECOR: i loved the decor! it was spacious and light, with enough ambiance to create a non-casino feel. It had an open view of the casino games around us, but also enough baracades (these round wooden bigger than life wreath type things) to close you in on your eating and dining experience. It does get a lil loud but not loud enough for you to yell to your eating mates. SERVICE - service was great. The waiters were always attentive but not hovering, and they always made sure that we had water in our cups (which we needed since we came in the middle of scorching hot 120 degree July). I also liked that they sent things out as they were ready, not "when they're supposed to come out." Really liked that about the place. I love this place. It's incredibly REASONABLY PRICED, even if you don't use your comp points here. I loved the casualness yet classy feel of the place. Definitely HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you're in the area, or if you just wanna stop by for a quick lunch. Its a good break from all the smoking as well. Huge props to wolfgang and chef Scott Irestone for the amazing work they did here!
The food was delicious and the service was friendly. It was our first time eating there.We did eat there for lunch. It's a bit expensive but great food.
Great, interesting food. Great service. My daughter had lasagne - excellent. I had Chinese salad - it was very gingery/mustardy. For me it was great!
I tried this restaurant when I went to visit my family in town for NFR. It was so good we went for lunch AND dinner. We just walked right in - there wasn't a wait, and there were plenty of tables. The drinks were expertly crafted. They have the BEST hurricane I've ever tasted. So smooth, so good. My aunt got the Raspberry lemon drop... three raspberry lemon drops, actually. The staff was beyond wonderful and even went out of their way to chat about the NFR showing on the TVs. The chicken noodle soup was the closest I've found to my mother's homemade, and the salmon I had for dinner was divine. It's a huge slab, so it was good for two meals. My aunt had a fantastic spicy shrimp dish and my uncle got a tender, juicy steak. For dessert, the creme brulee was heavenly. There wasn't a bad thing I tasted and the service was impeccable. I have absolutely nothing negative about it.
Food was very good and great service. Abit pricey but the flavors in the meal are worth it.
I had salmon with mushroom rague and my husband had spaghetti, it was awesome! The staff was friendly and they had punkin ale which my husband was super happy about
Never waited more then they tild me to wait food on point everytime lo main with extra beef very good egg roll very good.. the owner does its job good..very simple.. I love it! And u can NOT beat the price $$$$
My favorite Indian restaurant. Great food and awesome service. It's a small place and tends to be really quiet. It's definitely a hidden gem!!
Great food and atmosphere if you can get past then incredibly rude hostess. Their brunch is a better option than their dinner.
All good! Food, Beer, atmosphere & service. So yelp wants a loooonger review so I'm typing more but said it all in the first sentence. Sometimes short and sweet and to the point is good enough
Nice place....patio seating is refreshing...as always beers here are awesome. Do try belgium hendrick ...thats a one devil beer :)(11%)
On an mission from Jen. Ended up going to the Movies.
Goin to win mega bucks! my favorite hang out!
Now that we've moved this has been the go to place for the late night specials. Great happy hour at the steakhouse, movie theater, bowling and soon a concert theater. So far an all around good place to go for whatever you're in the mood for. With kids or without?
Great place to be...very friendly staff. Always have something to do from gambling, dining and even watching the latest movie. Got to check out the pool during the warmer it's wonderful and the bowling alley worth checking out. I would bring my friends and family here in the future.
Love this place. Love the spa. It was an awesome experience away from the strip. They have a Yard House, steak house, pool, "Cabaret", bowling alley, food court, theater, and lots of other amenities as well. Excellent customer service!
Boho chic! Love this place! Find different and whimsy pieces for the house, that special jewelry or an update to your wardrobe!
People are really nice here. I'm glad to checking out this place. I didn't know that they own the once from San Diego. So it's cool that eat the same place just different states. Miscka is very nice and took care of me when I was there. She would make sure that I was happy with the food served and would recommend the food and drink that they offer. That's what I like about this place.
Fabulous venue one of the best in downtown Phoenix. Art exhibits are consistently interesting and sophisticated. Also a hip meeting and event space.
Mary is the king of breakfast. She has the HASH that will bring back memories. Her food is always fresh and well portioned. The major deal maker for this ultimate vegas breakfast is the Homemade Jelly, Apple butter is out of control. You can even purchase most of all the jellys to go in a nice mason Jar.Over all 10 out of 10Must trybetter than any other Vegas brakfast joint.A local Gem
Soooooooo good and so fresh.. Love this place!  Great homemade food with a ton of healthy, YUMMO options on their menu.  Because everything is fresh to order do NOT expect to get in and out in a heart beat..
Try their apple butter jam. Homemade and very delicious!Very affordable and hearty portions. Delicious food. Away from the busy strip. If you have a car this is def the place to have breakfast at.
Literally the best cinnamon roll I've ever eaten. The service was great and the food was amazing. I'm coming back every time I visit Las Vegas!
This place is very good. My favorite pizza is the Chicago deep dish. Very filling. I go there at least once a week. The wings and fingers are also very good.
No Vegas trip is complete without a Bellagio Cocktail. Soooooo Good!!The Baccarat Bar is right off the main walkway thru the casino, so it's a great place to people watch.  There's a full bar and only a handful of stools, so once you're belly up, it's easy to get drink refills.  They've also got video poker, play enough and the drinks will be on the house.
Love it here! Fun to waste time with cheap drinks and old video blackjack! Me and my boyfriend go all the time- I hope this place never changes.
Cheap and awesome! Nothing fancy, just down n dirty fat food! 1st stop after our flight in.
So fantastically delicious!!! Can't recommend enough. No beer on the patio though. The chocolate car make fudge is to die for. They have plenty of flavors and the price is not bad at all. They also offer other eats
So goood! I could eat this every night. :) the gelato has a great texture and flavor.
Great place! Nice atmosphere and yummy food. Lasagna roll is to die for!! The service is always good. This is one of my favorite places to dine at or get a quick late night snack during happy hour.
Good stuff but didn't take my yelp coupon. :( cuz it wasn't the right size appetizer. I would of known if they offered different sized appetizers.
Perfect job!!! Great sushi and always fresh!!! Great atmosphere!! Have to come try the daily fresh fish!! Great catch of the day 7 days a week!!!
Best sushi in town! fresh and tasty. Open until 2:00AM. Truffle sauce is amazing with tempura mushroom and rolls are amazing !!!
Kyle helped me in the end. They need to use their common sense in better way. Pilot is very good and experienced.
Amazing experience, super convenient. Pickup on time, and a great tour. Picked the place based on Yelp reviews. Called multiple places and picked this based on availability. Price was higher than the others, but was worth it.
Had a craving for donburi!  So I came in here with my son.  The menu was extensive good chocies between sushi and non sushi items.  We were not that hungry so I ordered one dish to be shared between my son and I.  I felt bad for the waitress and she couldn't help but give us a stare.  Luckily, my son was so charming and loving and funny that by the end of the meal he had totally won her over and I left a tip amount as though we had ordered two entrees.The only disappointment was of course the donburi.  The donburi I crave for and remember is a donburi from long ago when I was a student at Ann Arbor where they would pile on the rice in a big bowl and pile on top a big pile of gooey mixture of onion, egg, and chicken.  It was soooo good!  I haven't been able to find the remembered donburi anywhere else since then.I think I need to recreate it in my own kitchen to satisfy not necessarily my stomach but my memory.  Not kidding.
Friendly crew. Pet friendly. Best blended drinks ever. Food food. Yummy desserts! It's about the same price as Starbucks, but it most definitely worth it. They also offer to smoke hookah for very cheap. The vibe is great. Love going here. Always leave happy and satisfied! Mmm love coffee :)
Usually the coffee is great! Pink macaroons are huge and are the best!! Weird and scary looking to take my toddler. Very artistic inside and unique.
One of the best cappuccinos in town! Easy. & their drive-thru is open 24/7! I will go out of my way to get this specific drink from them. It's over 25 mins from my house. I'm not sure about their other drinks. I'm somewhat of a purist when it comes to coffee. But, I do appreciate that they use Intelligentsia Black Cat roast. I highly recommend it!
We deeply love this place! Best Coffee, amazing service, delicious desserts and feels like ITALY!
Quirky place. I've had great service and ok service. It can be a nice place to get work done on a late night.
Great place to eat... A small restaurant with big service and great food. Try the spicy tuna... Try something new I am sure will not disappoint.
The best sushi ever!!!!!! This is a great place for All you can eat sushi ! The staff are friendly and the fish is always fresh.
Good breakfast, good looking and comfortable place. Could be cheaper.  Service is prompt and usually food is pretty fast to come out. I would suggest it to my friends.
One of my faves! Best sushi, great prices!! Everything they have is good!  Waitresses are super nice! And the prices are really good for the food quality!
Delicious appetizers while you wait 20 for main course.I've been to this location and many others a lot of times and I am always happy to be there. It's the way they greet you like they are so happy to see you, the way they say goodbye like they can't wait for you to come back and the way they serve you like it's been their dream job. The food is always on point and I have never had a bad experience. I've tried the Pablo Picasso salad, a large lovely salad with tortilla strips, spicy chicken, cheese, pico de gallo and spicy dressing (available in a smaller size). The Alfredo the Darkwith chicken, pasta with alreado, pico de gallo, and a spicy salted jalapeno (always take home leftovers). The last time I was there the waitress was pretty MIA but that was a first ever. I'm  sure she was just having a rough day and let's face it, SERVERS ARE HUMAN TOO! I will definetely be back regardless.
Love the deep dish, love the thin crust, love the dessert. Cannot go wrong!!! It's always busy because they are always packed because it's so good. They also take time to prepare the pizza, the deep dish at least 20 minutes but worth it. I have nothing bad to say even the service is lovely :)
Pizza was good just wish there crust was a little thinner and crisper would have been much better
Nice little place with great service. Pizza was good. Will go down the menu and give it a go.
It's the best white pizza. Anywhere. My son claims the sub's are the best anywhere. The regular pizzas are great, but I stick with the white pizza with onions. The beer selection is solid.
Great food! Awesome banana shakes! Cuban Sandwiches are great! The pan con bistec was absolutely delicious! Great atmosphere, fun and elegant! Staff was very friendly. I will definitely eat there again.
Vaca frita de pollo or bistec are delicious. Good rum drinks. Paella really good. My wife has a friend who is Cuban and him and his family swear by this restaurant. Definitely worth a try.
Absolutely delicious! I will definitely be going there again. The people are very friendly and the drinks are very yummy.
Chips come w/ salsa and beans. Dont be deceived - the beans are spicier than the salsa. Mix them on your plate = delish. Good, local start Mexican joint.
Worst place to eat at food is over priced and people work there are rude I can find better food at some were else then being on the news health report card uh no don't eat here
Great service.  Good food and great place to watch a game!  We go there a couple times a month and always have a great experience.
Had a good experience. Good food and very nice servers. The French dip had plenty of meat and no fat or gristle.
Good beer, burgers, and BBQ. The menu is pretty ambitious at first glance; they have like 4 different "whole meal" options, but I would recommend the TV Dinner option. Your choice of two mains, three sides, and cornbread. I've had all the BBQ and it's all good. The sweet potato fries are great too: they come out crispy and not too soggy. The reuben egg rolls are another good unique Pittsburgh item. I'd go back to this place.
Had breakfast at the bistro delicious quiche and French toast. Kind of a hassle to get to the restaurant since it's up on the 10th floor of the hotel.
Hottest JJ staff ever! I mean seriously, everyone I saw working here was totally cute, crazy! Must be the proximity to the college? Anyways.. the cute staff makes one deliciously awesome sandwich.  Me being the big eater that I am I went right for the money shot ordering the J.J. Gargantuan. Its the biggest sandwich on the menu! Loaded with genoa salami, ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey & provolone, its for the meat lover and not for the faint (or weak) of heart. Its so thick that you might be hard pressed to get this monster into your mouth. Somehow I managed though I've had years of practice eating thick sandwiches. If you also grabbed a bag of their BBQ potato chips you can add a sweet, smokey crunch to every bite of your monster sammie. Yes I do mean pry the buns apart and cram some crushed potato chips in there. Nom!Now that's a cute sandwich!
Super fast and delightful service. Very clean and accommodating.The location is great I will be back.
Good food and great beer selection!!! Definitely stop by for a pint. The fish and chips are the best I have seen in a while.
Best place to watch a game on sunday, great food, great people, awesome service sundays get really busy but the staff really hustle to make sure your taken care of.  Been coming here for 3 years and i refuse to watch a game anywhere else
Best burgers and fries!  Love the ambience, the servers and of course, the shakes!  This was the first time I took my 7 year old daughter and she loved sitting at the counter.   A bit spendy for a burger joint but all around good food.
Roaches roaches roaches !!! Do not eat here !! I informed the waitress and management and they started laughing about it and said its only on the floors who cares you still ate the food. So unsanitary .
Friendlier than a lot of others :) so good n dont know how I would live without robertos near unlv thank u
Disappointed that this favorite movie location has become overrun by hoodlums. Where you once were able to enjoy a date and a movie you now have to pray that crying infants/children are not present or worse, adults who talk throughout the movie. Although a strong sense of nostalgia endured me, I'm much more willing to patronize the main stream theaters and not deal with the hassle. ESPECIALLY since Tropicana Management is unwilling to do anything about the loud talking MOVIE crashers.As someone who has been attending the theater for some time now through it's closing and it's re opening I feel that this one star is for the lack of cleanliness ( restrooms constantly out of order, toilet paper, and paper towels, with mountains of paper towels filling the garbage receptacle and spilling onto the floor like molten lava).      The lack of concern for people disrupting movies that everyone is trying to enjoy.      The lack of ingenuity when it comes to having an express line for refills only, as needed.
Today isn't my day for for a mani ... This place is THE worst place ever in PHX for a mani ... Like. EVER.Ended up here on a whim. I have had the worst luck in PHX for finding manis that last.. work.. and don't chip after a few days. JUST when I think I find one.. Some failure hits. We just were driving, my friend and I on a Friday and ended up here. No rhyme. No reason. That is probably the reason that it all went down in a big.fat.fail. The lady I got on first notice was completely rude. I should have in hindsight.. just said.NO.Thanks. But no. I am always the optimist for a good ending. I also always think it maybe me.. AM I doing something to offend her? My face? MY look? Zip it in Kimberly, I tell myself. So she starts to take off my gel.. says something in her language to herself and walks off. She is gone for a good 7-10 minutes. I am seriously on a time crunch on this day. I don't have time for her to just leave me half gell'ed! When she returns she tells me that my acrylics under the gel are a 'mess'.. though they aren't. I have had my short acrylics (I use only to protect my base nail from breakage on planes) for awhile.. I know when a new set is needed due to lifting or cracking or whatever and when I don't . I tell her I just want a fill. Simple. Just a fill and gel french manicure. Please. Thank You. She gets up and leaves yet again! This time for another 7-10 minutes. I am seriously so confused. My friend has opted to just get a new set of nails but hers are in seriously bad shape. She is almost done and her mani is more involved than mine! My lady returns. Now I tell her I am in a time crunch. She snappily replies that 'I am making it hard for her because my nails are 'bad'.. '.. I have no idea what she is talking about! She made me feel like Honey Boo Boo's mom! Cmon!! 30 minutes later now I have my nails done.. but I notice that one nail is badly mangled.. she has slapped on white polish on the end and failed to file it down. It's just awful. I think if I should say anything. BUT then I think, 'I have to.. this is my $$'.. I tell her.. and she huffs.. leaves YET again.. 5-7 minutes.. and comes back.. files it down.. with 2 more I point out. I still leave with a awful, unfiled looking rough french manicure.. for the cool cost of $28 .. fill.. gel .. french. manners not included. Today I have a hang nail and its been since last Friday. My friend, however.. had a very sweet manicurist and her nails look beautiful. Her cost; $35  There are better and nicer salons SOMEWHERE out there.. My goal is still to find one!
Please move north and give Starbucks some competition! After getting used to bitter coffee, this is a wonderful improvement.
We've spoken about eating at The Pub ever since we first came to Vegas for vacation many years ago. The Happy Hour (HH)specials looked fantastic and when I saw those burgers dripping happy meaty juices on people's plates as we walked by and their BYOB (Build Your Own Burger)menu I knew this place was meant for us. So today, on a whim, we went to The Pub and left feeling just, "Meh." My fiance may have a different opinion, but when I was just not impressed. We started with the nachos. We saw pictures on Yelp and they looked delicious. They came to the table and oh no, cheese sauce. Oh fake cheese sauce. I have several pet peeves when it comes to my food, and I do not pay $14 for somewhat stale tasting chips drowned in cheese sauce. There was some real cheese on these nachos, but the overwhelming appearance of crap fake cheese sauce turned me off. The guacamole I yoinked from the top though was AMAZING and perfect in every way. The nachos seemed confused though, and any avid nacho eater like myself needs nachos to be worth the 2000 calories per plate.Since we ate outside, I felt like a Cobb salad. My fiance got the 12 buffalo wings. First, his buffalo wings looked pretty darn delicious, and he said they were somewhere in taste between Hooters and BWW (the man has an obsession with the "wings" at Hooters, ha!), but to me, they looked great. The presentation was on a wood cutting board, two dressings and carrots and celery. VERY little grease on the board and they looked crispy and juicy. Nicely done. This is part of the reason why they received the 3 stars.I will take a deep breath before speaking about my Cobb salad. I have been spoiled by the Cobb salad at Wildfire back in the Chicago area, because this Cobb was disheartening. I did not expect something gourmet, but for $17 I would expect lots of Cobb salad ingredient happiness. This Cobb had the grilled chicken placed on top of a salad that I had to toss in order to find any of the ingredients listed on the menu. Avocado? A few pieces. Bacon, barely one slice cut up in the salad. Goat cheese? Two chunks. Tomato? A decent amount chopped up in the salad. Vinaigrette? PERFECT. The salad was just bland. Nothing exciting. Cobb salads are not supposed to be healthy at all, and this one WAS healthy and in the bad way. For $17, this dish is something I could too easily make at home. No bueno.Service? Decent. Nothing exciting, but decent. We are not high maintenance eaters, so it should not have been anything too intense. Amidst my salad and nacho disappointment, we are going to go back and attack some burgers. A BYOB Kobe beef burger situation? Yes, let's do it. 3 stars may turn into 4 stars if their burgers are as good as the restaurant Monte Carlo advertises in every Vegas brochure imaginable.
Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! Worst service I've ever had. Prices are high and way over priced. Don't waste your time
I love this place! All you can drink bud light!!  It  .  Is all u can eat and its yummy! The chefs are also very friendly and funny
On point customer service the food is good ! Nice environment.  Highly recommend if you don't feel like going to the strip and spending stupid amounts of money.  Plus side is all you can drink sake n bud light
ラスベガスに遊びに来て食べ放題に行ったけど、ネタも美味しかったしお腹一杯になりました。 日曜日から水曜日まではドリンクも飲み放題と聞いたので次回はトライしてみよう！スペシャルロールも月別にあるのでオススメです。
So much parking *-*  guess everyone is taking a break until new years resolution time.This location is one of the older locations, not as nice and a bit small, but you can get what you need to get done. They have a security officer outside at all times, probably because of the location. The machines aren't always in working order but I understand that they are in the process of renovating the location.Even though overall this LVAC does not match up to the standards of most of their locations, I still appreciate that this is available for me to use on this side of town.
Exactly as expected from an In-N-Out!  Fresh and friendly faces and always busy!  Gotta get your food animal style (kinda like Mac sauce). Neapolitan shakes are the bomb!
Ok. Not bad. Had better. Hamburger 2 buns, lettuce,  tomato,  n Thousand island dressing,  home fries. It was fine.
Love this gym. Great classes and great environment!The staff is super friendly. The childcare is amazing my children love it! There is no better gym in Scottsdale.
GREAT Popcorn Shrimp Basket! Haven't tried anything else yet because this is just so dang good that I can't resist not getting it when I go there! Get it!
Love Popeyes which they had more in the Phoenix area ! This area seem to do pre closing which some customers would think your closed.
It's Great place to hangout and great food they have all kind of food and every thing good
First time here, nice quaint casino... I ordered the breakfast croissant and it came with hasbrowns.  It was tasty and plentiful.  The decaf coffee was really good and the waitress was very accommodating.  I like it here.  I enjoyed the gambling too.
Great Food and Service!! The menu is extensive and has something for everyone. The steak and eggs was amazing. We will be back for sure!!
Great food and very fast!  Service was great and prices are very fair!  They are open 24 hours.  Jesus was our server and he was very prompt and had great recommendations, too.  They have Alaskan Amber on draft, too!!
$5 steak and eggs starting at midnight!we got into vegas a little after 10pm and before we went too far along into the night of drinks, gambling, and more drinks, we wanted to grab some food. there weren't too many places that were nearby and open late serving decent food, but going to Marilyn's at the Tuscany was a unanimous choice given their steak and eggs special that we ordered right as we got in (which as luck would have it, was right at midnight).ice tea, medium-well steak, and eggs over-medium, and sourdough toast for $5 and i'm a happy man, ready to burn the midnight oil on our first evening in Sin City.the service was quick, which i'd imagine is either because a february Vegas trip isn't as crazy and packed as one in the summer, and/or the fact we got there right at 12. the other times when i've decided to stop at Marilyn's at the Tuscany for steak and eggs have been when it was closer to 3am, after a long night out cruising the strip or checking out one of the clubs and the waits (for our parties of 10+) have always been closer to an hour.satisfying meal for the price. plus you can hit the $5 blackjack tables at the casino when you're done.-civilities.
The service was kinda slow. But portion sides were huge!!My coffee came out a little on the cold side. So make sure u ask for super hot coffee.
Good food for a casino breakfast. Good service and fairly cheap. Easy seating quick service, in and out
Time for some shopping! Love coming to this mall. Great place for my shopping needs as well as great stores. Many adjustments have been made and are making the mall better.
Hunger Games with the Fam!! Then Cold Stone for a late night dessert! Avengers was an awesome movie and the theater was the best!
Totally overpriced a nd over hyped. Much better hotels for cheaper in same area. Old hotel just remodeled I would choose another.
Internet connection is based on device NOT room. Can get expensive with a family wanted to get connected and is very disappointing. Free wifi in other locationsParking sucks and the resort is really spread out so you will spend time walking around or hopping in the car is your room is far from the restaurants/lobby.It's a beautiful resort, with several pools and very relaxing. I would consider going back since this trip was for business.
Horrible night. No sleep due to locals partying. The rooms are old and dirty. No parking at all.
Room was great until we saw a scorpion in our room. Seriously? It was my first scorpion sighting so not only was I freaked out, I was excited! Service was good.
The honey almond latte is my all time favorite but I'm trying a honey hazelnut today. I absolutely love this place and always look forward to visiting when I'm at fashion show. Can't get enough!
Love the new place. Only the bathroom doors slam hard and I would fix that asapSo far karaoke room seems good if they get the t.v. up on the wall so everyone can see without people walking by blocking the view of the t.v.
GAmazing. Trail 44 was wonderful.
My friends and I enjoy hiking the trails. The views are beautiful! Sometimes you do have to wait for a parking spot but the trails aren't busy
Meh. Won't be going back. Check out photos with comments. A bit worried about the quality of the food I just consumed. Praying to the food gods I don't get sick.  Ugh can't get the wet dog smell out of my head. Really?  Have to nuke a piece of nearly paper thin chicken to reheat?And thinking about it the miso was watery as was the thin, strangely colored teriyaki sauce!   $32 lunch ... What a waste!Final note:  Parents who let their children run around restaurants yelling deserve to have to pay the tabs of those around them the inconvenience. I mean really. Why is it the world's responsibility to raise your children...you should be banned from spreading your DNA!
Amazing!!!! Great quality!!!  The sushi and also the kitchen good are both wonderful. Service is good they are short staffed it seems,but the servers work hard and do their best. Although the service may be slow it's totally worth it for the food!!!
Best Sashimi & Sushi in town! The people are the greatest and sincere. Try the udon noodles, only udon in town. Others are want to be Japanese restaurants, this is authentic.
Worst customer service..!! If you plan to open an account don't believe it will take 15 minutes to be helped. It's actually more like an hour..!!
Love everything so far!  This is by far the best Italian restaurant in Las Vegas.  It is located a few miles off of the strip on West Sahara.  Starting with the hidden entrance (I won't spoil the surprise for you.  :-) ) to the ambiance, photos of mafioso's on the walls to the food, this is a great place to enjoy some excellent Italian food the way it should be prepared.  High marks are also given to the wait staff and to the host.  We had the meatballs with peppers for an appetizer, followed by lasagna for myself and my wife had the carbonara.  We followed up this wonderful dinner with a slice of cheesecake topped with chocolate sauce.  The portions were just the right size and we left filling full, but not stuffed.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good Italian cuisine in Las Vegas.  Get off of The Strip and enjoy something local for a change!
Great theme ! Awesome singing ! good Italian food ! Worth the drive off the strip ! The food and the service is great !
Went to Old Mech Brewing and it was so crowded. On the way in we saw this spot so thought we'd give it a shot. Glad we did. Best salsa in charlotte  Huge Sangria. Big portions. Looks family owned. Casual
Very nice lunch!The waitress Angie was very nice, I will repeat!Loved the Tacos and the outside eating area.
Miss Chicago places like portillos and this place was very similar to that! Chicago dogs beefs and cheese fries. :)
It's stupid how good this gelato is.The guy behind the counter recommended the black cherry as his favorite, which was spectacular.  Girlfriend loved the Creme Brûlée.  After reading a newspaper post on the wall here that the owners were all Italians, I had to try the espresso.  All delicious.
Jeanie gives a great manicure and pedicure!  I feel totally pampered! I highly recommend her!!
I love the bread, its salted with rosemary flavour, served with the wipped butter. Its definitely the best bread in all The places. I love their filet mignon. The wedge salad is always so fresh and delicious. The french fries, onion rings were very crispy.I highly recommend this steakhouse.
Delicious food. Awesome service. Quiet location I would recommend this place to anyone
Delicious food. Awesome service . Ask for table number 10 or 30 best seats in the house you are right there to see the Vegas mob stroll but bypasses can't see you :) We have had the steak Oscar both times for $54 bucks it is an incredible price for and incredible meal with exceptional service. Great job John keep up the moral and quality.
These guys, except the mustached guy, are inept.  Within 15 minutes I witnessed 5 order mistakes. They left my sausage in the microwave.Usually a 3 stars bc the workers are pretty rude but not so inept.
P.F. Stands for Paul Fleming - as in the steak house. Just understand it's a corporate venue. I've been to several P.F. Chang's including the one in Middleton. It's Fast Food - Sit Down Style.  My experience has been that the food is over salted and  it is the definition of Asian Food for Americans... for frightened Americans who what to eat Chinese cuisine without eating Chinese or Asian cuisine.  People who follow my reviews know I prefer local joints - locally owned and sourced... P.F. Chang's isn't my sort of place.  But if you are looking for the quintessential American style Chinese fusion chain... this is it - have at it.
Came here on a whim with the wifey, She has been plenty of times, however this was my first. Driving by I thought this was another Jimmy John's but it is actually a casual sit down deli with a wide variety of options. I had the ruben which  was very tasty, and satisfied my ruben craving without having to caugh up 15 bucks at Chompies. Wife got the salad bar which had a TON of options to satisfy ones healthy needs....plus little cornbread bites+++++ Free soft serve with every meal! I will be back for sure
Pesto sacchettini , Tomato mozzarella panini. DONE!!!! Magnificent customer service and was so kind to the max. :))
Good food as always, love the broccoli cheddar soup. Always the sameQualityNo matter which one you go to
I feel like I've stepped into hell. With an appointment!Always a madhouse! No organization whatsoever. So disappointing.
Food is very good, but service is VERY VERY slow, and not very friendly. The girl running the register clearly doesn't want to be there. There are nothing but spanish magazines and newspapers on the tables, but the tv was on an english station!
Place is pretty good but found a long piece of hair in my coconut cream pie. Since I am pretty bald it's not mine and the guys serving gun behind the display have short hair and hats not sure how long it was there.  Always check your food before eating.
Good food, reasonable $$$$, and more important a good staff and mgmt.    we go almost on a weekly basis, and we always get a wave from the mgr and other servers.  Very friendly place.  Good margaritas!!!!!!
Love this place.    Great food, great service and a great atmosphere! Highly recommend it!!
Bad service, bad food. Can't seem to get anything right. First I couldn't get anyones attention, and im sitting at the bar. It was hard to get a drink, even harder to get a menu. My side of guacamole for the chips never came my food.order was wrong and when I explained that, they looked at me as if I am crazy!! bottom line this place sucks.
Crispy tacos, enchiladas, chips/salsa, all top notch.  Nice patio, good service, all around good joint.
Located inside Palms Casino. Didn't have a good experience. They advertisied a special but did not honor it when we got there.
Soooo good! The Mongolian grille is the best! The dessert is really good too! Got a groupon for it, what they don't mention is you still have to pay taxes so be prepared . The taxes were about $4.The service is kind of terrible and you may be going for the unlimited drinks but they are as follows "white wine, red wine and busch beer ". You will have the hardest time getting someone to actually bring you whatever you order, alcohol or otherwise.Simple buffet, not the biggest but the food sure is good!
Cold food, very expensive. Salad wilted. Was of money. Go eat at aria buffet. Went for breakfast after check out, we were sorry we did, no discount with our red playing card. We weren't important enough. Food was bad. I liked the shrimp only. Everything else was tasteless. Now we know to just stay away from palms all together.Nothing good
Great service, delicious and fresh food and good prices. This place is a real gem! Don't miss out on taco Thursdays!
Yummy breakfast chilaquiles, salsa, bean dip! Breakfast $7.89! Clean nice environment.
Great food, but the service wasn't very attentive. Highly suggest the pastrami sliders.
$16.20 for an adult ticket and parking is roughly $12.  The theatre is nice, but you can get the same thing at Studio Grill (minus the over priced ticket and inconvenient parking).
Cinema suites! Recliners are the best!  We've gone to a total of 4 movies in the Cinema Suites over 2 visits.  We rarely go to movies when we're home.  The menu is solid.  Every item we ordered (dessert, drinks, entrees) were good.  The tickets for the Cinema Suites are a few dollars more, but the experience is worth the extra money.  You get to choose your seats when you purchase your tickets.  Therefore, you don't have to worry about getting to the theater early to get a good seat.  The commercials and trailers are a bit too long (or maybe I just don't go to enough movies in the theaters).  I'm in the reclined position with a drink in my hand, so I don't mind the extra 15 minutes of trailers.
I love this place! Good food! Amazing deals and best of all, free parking!!!!!They have 50 percent off industry night Sundays and an amazing happy hour 3-7 and 10- close! Plus they have a desperate dining lounge and sports bar so it's good for whatever mood you're in'
Ahi tuna tataki on the happy hour menu is delicious! I would expect a better wine list from a wine bar, but I've realized I have to lower my standards for AZ compared to Chicago, IL.Bottom line: I had a great time and ate delicious food with my tasty wine.
Sucks, no staff had to wait when there are 15 tables open. Server is nice and I'm better now.  Lol. Just don't understand why people have to wait when there are tables open. Manager said they were short on staff so I guess Customer have to suffer because of that.
Try the funnel fries. So good! Cozy atmosphere. The beer is from their own brewery, so it's definitely worth a try! Delicious.
Tea beer cheese & chocolate.  HeavenI love the selection of store brand snacks, treats, and beer.  It's always an experience shopping here with great people watching.  Can be really crowded and cramped, especially at the check outs.
Coffee and wine :). And cheap good wine! Nice place to chill with friends.  Good food too, so it's a nice place to just hang out.
Nice space, good coffee. Can't wait to try the mocha shake! The service was pleasant with a touch of coffee-snobbery (in a good way).
This place was just ok. Very pricey for the quality. We got the caprese salad & it had soggy, wet cheese (not mozzarella). The calamari had mostly fried cauliflower & it had no flavor. I had the pesto gnocchi & it was mostly beans & potatoes. The flavor was not good. Tasted very earthy. My friend got the black spaghetti & she said it was ok. My other friend had the pork tenderloin & she said it was good, but the veggies were way too butter to eat. I would not come back here.
$20 for 1 glass of wine!  Give me a break! The Black  spaghetti,  super spicy! Had to return it!  The manager, Lauren was great and allowed me to exchange it.  The service was only fair at best.
last honost burger chain america! besides dicks in seattle, double double is legit, fries are ok but at least they are fresh, this place gets packed so be prepared for a short wait.
Love this joint! Friendly staff and delicious food! It's at a great location! My son loves the little cups and ketchup pump! We have been eating here since it opened and have had a good experience every time!
$.99 shrimp cocktail tastes really great as a snack and my wallet is enjoying it too!  Actually I didnt know this was in which hotel.  Now I know this is in Fremont Hotel.
Dan the sales associate was awesome. He was knowledge and provided great customer service. We left with an action cam! Big store, great selection then our store at home in the Bay Area.
Little mix up with our reservation (that I made last November!)I've been staying here every year for about 8 years (meet here yearly for a Trauma Conference) so it with some regret I'm only giving this visit/stay a 3 star review.  The little mix up to my reservation was that I had requested a King bed and was given a two queen room, in addition they had placed me in a free upgrade without asking (in a brand new tower) and when i saw that and requested my original room back they found that my requested room type no longer existed. To explain more fully I will say that the conference meets early and runs late, and we found early on that to stay in the tower that the conference rooms are actually in (20 floors down of course!) is much more convenient and there is no lack of luxury in the wonderful jacuzzi suites. Because of this when i make my reservations FOUR months in advance I sort of expect a place as wonderful as Caesar's to be able to keep the original reservation or maybe at least mention that all bets are off and i may not get what i wanted in spite of the fact of early reservations or that they might upgrade me without my knowledge. We routinely stay at the Langham Pasadena (formerly Ritz Carlton) and while I'm not a total snob, they are really the template for the ultimate in customer service. Think Nordstroms gone crazy...that's the Langham.  I guess because we only have a couple of fancy trips per year I appreciate the effort that goes into making my stay that much better. It saddened me somewhat to see that Caesar's was not able to meet or exceed the quality of customer service at the Langham.So here we are, finally in the correct tower but in a double queen room only 12 floors up (I also request the highest possible floor just for the wow factor of the gorgeous strip views!) Is it a nice room? Yes. Is it the room I had been hoping for for the past four months? No.  We'll survive, though, and trudge on bravely facing the harsh reality of our measly little queen room but still...visions of the King room still bounce around in my head.  Next year I plan to call in the summer to talk to someone in customer service so that I can use their system to try to not have this happen again. Room service was delightful and every staff member I've called on the phone so far has really wished us well and asked how our trip in was. They are so friendly, that's for sure.
The Octavius tower has beautiful rooms. Love the comfortable beds. Very happy here.I have stayed in the MGM, Bellagio, Venetian, and the Palazzo and recently Ceasar's Palace. We had an awesome stay. I highly recommend Caesar's- but request a room in the newer Octavius Tower- we had a pool view. These rooms have the most comfortable beds which makes it hard to even get out of in the mornings. The room was clean, decent size with a sitting area and the bathrooms are large and spacious with deep soaking tubs. The pools at Caesar's are the best and the $17 mojito was perfect. Ok so they do nickel and dime you on the fees but that's not uncommon at these sprawling Vegas resorts. And yes we added the resort package onto our room for $28 for internet and for use of the fitness room which I used everyday during our stay. DO NOT TOUCH THE MINI BAR - EXPENSIVE!! There is a nice little sundries shop right by the lobby- buy your bottled water and snacks there to save money. The amenities - the pool, the fitness room, the Qua Spa, the location on the strip, and being close to the forum shops is why I loved staying at Caesars! I am a huge fan of getting the day pass to Qua Spa- it's normally $45 however they charged me $25 probably because I had the resort package added in my room cost. It was one of the highlights of my Vegas trip. I love the suite sized rooms at the Palazzo but I would definitely come back to Caesars and stay in the Octavius Tower again. We were very happy with the staff and the room.
Get to the pool early, the good chairs fill up fastcesars was ... what I expected, but not moredon't think i'll stay again with so many choices
Would not recommend this hotel. The facilities are less than expected given the price and the service is poor.  We booked 5 rooms, one of the rooms had a broken heater and no hot water; if I had stayed in that room, this would be a one-star review.I've heard that quality of the facilities vary greatly between the different towers; we stayed in the Roman Tower.
Always extravagantAlways a pleasureI love the ambiance at this casino/hotelIt's a must visit every time I go to Vegas.The Atlantis Forum is a nice, short show to watch as you grab a drink to begin your evening. The shopping is fantastic to satisfy the shopaholic's desires. And the casino area is over The top with high ceilings and countless slot machines to black jack tables.A must visit spot
Got family in town and they love the room they have and the service. It's definitely one of the best casino in Vegas. It does have a amazing pool
Five stars all the way through! I love this property! I'll mos def be back!!!!!!!! Love love Las Vegas!!!!!!
Always wanted to stay at this casino hotel - finally I did.  I'm in the 1200 sq ft suit  1 bedroom With Mom - got a great rate with my total rewards. Nice decor , tv clarity poor , furniture is scuff up , I'd prefer a bar or powder room than a walkin closet. I had fun.  Maybe I come back
I'm checking in and already this place is horrible. No non smoking rooms, no king beds after I checked in online
If I can , I will choose 0 star, very bad experience. Would never come here again. Also the room check in time is 4:00pm, and check out time is 11:00 in the morning, it's not A day, you have to wait longggg time to get your room key
Worst costumer service, old stinky rooms, no service at the pool. Never will stay here again
One of the better hotels I've ever stayed at.  enjoy the amenities  and the food concessions.  Gambling was great too. Dealers Gould smile a bit more when there taking your money.
One of the better hotels I've ever stayed at.  enjoy the amenities  and the food concessions.  Gambling was great too. Dealers Gould smile a bit more when there taking your money.
My fav!!!!! Food, rooms, service it's all spectacular!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Clean friendly and fair!
Small but good time. Younger crowd than moorea. Would be nice if pool was bigger.  Love the people that come here and friendly staff.  If you need a good host at any venue let me know.
Good food & great service.Went to Oyster Bar Friday Night & Saturday Night, food was really good and excellent service.  5 star! !!;)
Always fresh here! Love the free birthday meal too! Small space so show up early if you want a table. Best to call in advance for take out too.
My tip: don't eat here.The restaurant itself is located inside Mandalay Bay, but is tucked away far enough that you're not inhaling cigarette smoke from the casinos.  The staff is very sweet.  These are the only positives.The food is bland and really not good at all (we had 4 different dishes).  In fact, I believe I got a small bout of food poisioning.  :(
Never go here! They are rude, unprofessional, and over priced!To make a long story short I had a 3 weeks old baby and a five year old I wanted pix of. After the trigger happy unprofessional girl finished doing all her ideas, 80 pictures later I asked her to take a newborn pic of my son in his diaper. She got an attitude started slamming stuff and saying she had already taken 80 pics and spent 2 hours with us! which is not our fault plus we had to take breaks for the baby to eat and be comfortable  to take good pictues. Then she didn't even try to make him smile or anything.  She just had an attitude! To make a long story short, she rushed us in the process of picking our pictures and had a melt down in front of EVERYBODY saying how she wants to go full time but this company will only keep her part time. She was crying and everything I guess that was her way of apologizing. It was so bizarre! I told management  and they did nothing!Besides that I paid almost $400 for prints I didn't even want just so I could get the cd I did want! NEVER AGAIN
Took cupcakes and caramel, nut shortbread to party a hit! Staff very friendly consistent quality
Restaurant now closed :-( This was my favorite Pho spot in the SW.You will be missed.
Just drove by and saw our favorite Pho place is closed :( they had some of the best food for a great price. Would of been great on this cool weather. Guess we have to look for another place. My family will definitely miss this place. I hope they just relocated somewhere else. There was something wonderful about their seafood pho and their spring rolls!!! The prices were great also very reasonable!!
If you're in Tempe or Phoenix I HIGHLY recommend Pita Jungle - one of my favorite restaurants of all time - heathy, tasty & amazing!  The food & ambience turned a pouting 12yr old into a happy kid again: and I think that's about the most amazing thing you can say about food. We split the Mediterranean Sampler Platter, Chicken over Cilantro Jalepeno Hummus (YUM! It's in the pics - looks like chicken over guacamole), 4 drinks and fed this family of 4 for $33!  Can't beat that at a great restaurant!!!Love, love, love this place - been coming since there was just the Tempe location on Apache back in the mid-90's.
We like taking our dogs here but please open earlier during the summer on Sunday's! 9 o clock is already too warm to have a longer stay at the park
Larger than many.  Shade trees, benches,hills.  Overall a good place for dogs!  Mostly well behaved dogs mostly supervised. Pool with water.
Still awesome, try the smoothies too!  The gluten free pancakes are awesome, you can ask for fruit and whipped cream on top too so you don't feel like you have to "settle" when you are a celiac!  Try the skillets, the chorizo skillet is fantastic, and so are their made to order omelets, that come with a side of pancakes!
You can never go wrong with anything off the menu here!!! I'm a regular, and although no Bloody Mary or mimosa, they have freshly squeezed OJ and grapefruit juice which is even better!!!
Favorite breakfast spot! Denver omelette is my favorite! The servers are always friendly!
These people are so great! Their sushi is so good! Rainbow is my excellent and their other sushi are great!
The food is really good and the price is reasonable. I recommend the BBQ beef rid and beef soon tofu soup.
The food was so good and cheap, will definitely come again!! The servers are so kind here and they are very nice. The price is a little high, but it is worth  every cent!!
The BF and I had been itching to try Bistro 19, and the $30 Fixed-Price Meal offered during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week was the perfect incentive to join the Real Housewives of Mt. Lebanon for a tasty night out.Let me start by saying the food was delicious, but I was really blown away by my yummy beverage.  For the life of me, I can't remember what is was called, and Bistro 19 doesn't have their cocktail list on their website (I think b/c it's rotating).  Suffice it to say, it was strong and delicious, a fruity variation of a martini with vodka.  Their wine list is EXTENSIVE, too, so this is def. a place to drink and dine.I started with the Pan-Seared Scallops for my first course.  There were only two scallops (bummer, b/c I LOVE scallops).  Tender, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. @Curtis G's first course, the braised pork mac & cheese was much more plentiful, and full of baked cheesy goodness.I had the Roasted Lamb Gnocchi for my main entree - the lamb was seasoned well and def. had that slow-roasted taste.  What the first course lacked in size, the entree made up for; I could barely handle all the lamb/gnocchi goodness!Dessert was also included as part of the Fixed-Price Meal and was A-OK.  I don't think I can give dessert a fair review, as I was soooo stuffed from my entree and delicious martinis.So, why 4 stars?  I just can't imagine making a special trip to Mt. Lebo to go back.  I thoroughly enjoyed the food, the prices were reasonable, and we experienced good service.  With so many excellent restaurants in the city, I don't think I'd make the drive back out (yes, I'm a city snob!).  If I'm in that area for some unknown reason, I would for sure go back.  If I lived there, I'd join the Mt. Lebo locals often.
They make really good paninis. Pretty healthy as well if made without cheese. And prices are very reasonable too.
Get there early during lunchtime. wish they had a wider selection of sides r even chips . but on several occasions ive enjoyed the philly sandwich and some others have enjoyed masterpieces such as a chicken parmesan sandwich & the hells kitchen
My favorite sports bar on the strip. Love the staff! Everyone is friendly and attentive!
Great exhibition of Monet's work. it's a little small, but then again it is an exhibition gallery and not a museum. It's fair priced and the atmosphere is great. The staff is very friendly and seem well educated on the matter. Lastly, a complementary audio guide is given to you as you access the Gallery providing some information and a little background of art on display.
Massive beer selection.  Chill but attentive bar staff.  The hot wings were also good.  I had a great experience here and would be back if I ever came to PA again.
Simply the most amazing egg rolls in Phoenix! You get a great amount of food for a great value.
Love this place great food great service !! Menu is huge so much to choose from..kids loved it just a all around great place
Great service and food what more could I say. Our waitress Danielle was awesome she kept a smile on her face and made sure we was satisfied.
Pretty good. My bf loves the lunch menu here. The seating isn't my favorite it's much too open for my taste. Even after they changed it from the time they opened. The menu is ginormous! So I think most of the food is pre made and frozen! The last experience for me wasn't the best. The waiter told me that my flat bread that I ordered wouldn't have bacon on it (the description of the item on the menu did not mention bacon) however as soon as he puts the food down on the table it is almost completely covered in bacon! So I asked him what it was and he apologized and then just took the food bank. Maybe he was nervous for making a mistake but he didn't even ask if I'd like something else instead. So I sat there foodless and unhappy! The hostess walked by and I mentioned this to her and then the manager appeared at our table trying to correct the situation. I did appreciate his efforts. But I didn't eat anything. I was over eating.
The juice bar is open 24 hours too!So I was not able to afford my payments for 24hr Fitness anymore, and joined LVAC. I signed up when they had the special women sign up for $5, and then then according to the package you sign up for, in my case, the basic package, $22 gets ded from my acct every month. . You have all the classes available to you for no extra charge, and they have more than one class and 3 diff schedules to work around your work day. The mornings are pretty empty and i LIKE it, i feel i have the whole gym to myself. If you want to play Racketball, you need to schedule an appt in the book at the front desk b/c its a high demand sport. You have a time limit unfortunatelyTowel service is only provided to you if you sign up for it in the package, and they'd know when they scan your card every time you go. Personal Trainers are available to you with a package sign up, and if its your first time at a major gym, i recommend a PT. Unless you have someone who goes with you and can assist you. But if you have any questions with machines you can still ask and they will assist you :)For you busy parents, they do have a daycare that your kids can stay at while you work out and in the womens center and upstairs there are monitors in that are around so you can monitor your kids while you work out.
Best soul food ever! I'm a good critic to the max and this place deserves it's stars. I usually have the bbq chicken with collard greens, mac n cheese and candied yams.
Service was slow. Didn't really care for this place. People there were lame. Not a big menu selection.
Bartender skipped through my song on the juke box because it was country. So rude!!!  We are paying customers and if you're going to offer touch tunes music you'd better be able to handle anything the customers will play.
Some great drunk food! Got the buffalo zone and it was delicious or so I thought? We did order really late and it kind of took forever and what made me mad was that some of our friends ordered after us and got it before us!
Caesar salad with New York Strip on top :)I thought I'd eaten here about 10 years ago with my parents when they lived in Vegas, after this meal I'm not sure at all now.  I remember a primo steak house. This place served steak but they served everything in between as well.  Chalk it up to being the end of a long day of driving and two very tired people. We couldn't decide on a restaurant and were not hungry enough or energetic enough to try a buffet. So we ended up here because I remembered it fondly.  It delivered well on the food, quality was excellent by all standards.  A bit pricey.  I think the caesar salad with steak on top was just under $20.  The point is, I was HAPPY with it. So it's ok.Versatile menu and VERY enthusiastic and attentive waitstaff. They aim to please and just about bend over backward to give you what you want. Or what they think you want. As long as you are happy, then they are happy. NICE experience, even though i was tired and not in the mood for too much interaction.I think I would rather try this place again when i can enjoy it more. Ambiance was great, service stellar. Food pretty darn awesome. It earned it's five stars!:D
The food was great. However, service was very slow. We went on an off night and they weren't that busy. I'm not sure if they were understaffed. The staff seemed to cater to the bachelorette party that was there.
Great place to get a bite to eat right off the strip. Foods always on point. . burgers are the best in town.
A good grill with standard fare.  The wings were excellent.  BLT is one of the best.  The chili is well prepared and very tasty. Drinks are unique as well.
Great food and great service! The buffalo sliders are great. The chili is amazing and the salads are fresh. The bar is well stocked and has a trendy feel. This place is not too expensive and a must try if you're in the Champaign area.
Nice to have a place to eat when visiting Las Vegas. Foods are great. Will come back again. Good selection of food. You can get a taste of all the food on display since it is a buffet eat all you can. Will definitely come back again.
Horrible service!!!! Never coming back here again. Came for a family party for a baby's christening. Did not provide any utensils and such for the catering. Hospitality is important and they gave none.
Seem to be good but your nails will break in two weeks time, I'm pissed. Good service bad quality not to mention all the diamonds fell off after two days.
Hot Soup for this chilly weather!!! Not the best place, though, but it'll do for now. The waiter (who may be a relative of the owner) looked annoyed at his job. He was rolling his eyes and was not very accommodating. After asking one question, he made me feel uncomfortable about asking another one. Yes, it is very near home (and near UNLV where I usually study at) but to be honest, I'd rather drive a few more miles for a better experience. Price was a little more than others too and they're not even great. I will probably go somewhere else if there are other options.
Came across this place by accident. Glad we stopped in. After a long day of shopping this really hit the spot.Tried this place pretty good. I would come back when I'm visiting Vegas. The spring rolls not so good
Best Pho ever! The broth is simply amazing!!! It's addicting :). They also have it to go, they make sure to pack it securely so nothing spills.  Never had issues to get it home safely.
Yum!!!!! This place is delicious. I could eat here every day. The staff is very friendly and brings out your food at very reasonable times.
Yummy in my tummy! I tried the mushroom soup.....soooo fabulous! The chop salad is my new fav.  The staff is so friendly and genuine!
Love this fresh food!  Never disappointed with the quality of the food!Seasonal specials using fresh market veggies are always a good choice for something new and different.  Fresh baked bread is a bonus to take home as well as grate desserts!
Best shrimp tacos anywhere! The atmosphere is great, the place is nice and big and kid friendly.
So not hot and so not ready! Too busy talking to each other to make sure there is pizza like advertised? Rude and inconvenient. The pizza isn't good enough for the wait.
Always wander through this store but never end up buying much. They were having a Moscato wine tasting today.  Picked up some EVOO and a wine glass since we broke one recently.
Wow, this place is nice.  Very well lit and airy, lots of windows.  Much nicer than their other locations.  Possibly a classier mix of merchandise too, especially the luggage and bags.
Teller at the drive up window was great! Friendly and quick service. Didn't ask me stupid questions or make me jump through hoops to cash a check and withdraw money. Lately Wells Fargos have been slipping in their customer service department but not this one!
This is diffidently not one of the better Circle K's location! Now that My fathers house has been sold, and no other reason to be in the area. I will probably not come by this place again. I get it, it's not in the greatest area. But when your store looks more ghetto then the area. You have an issue. I have been at this location numerous times, for gas, for drinks, and even to air up the tire once in a great while. Their fuel pumps are just a mess, outside the front door looks like they haven't steam clean the sidewalks since they first opened. Last time I was there, I was moving my dads El Camino, this car was stored in his garage for the last four years. So the tires were a little low. Everywhere I have been to, the establishments has always turn the air on. But not this place, this penny pinching convenience store would not turn it on. The person at the front counter stated they removed the button over a year ago? One dollar for four minutes to air up the tires. Wow  That's all I have to say about this place.
Lots of fun shopping here. Great location. Very friendly.  Easy to find.  Found what I was looking for.
Yummy! Great prices! Staff is very nice and welcoming! The owner remembers us when we come back each time:) love love love this place!
This place is great! Good, simple, and fast. We live across the street from this place. We always drove by but never stopped. We decided to go one day and we never stopped going.
My favorite sushi place.  The staff is incredibly friendly and their rolls are amazing.
They always take great care of my vehicle as if I were family! Honest, great staff, friendly.  Cost is very reasonable and they stand behind their work.
Nice wal-greens, courteous staff. Has everything you'll need. Five stars because the staff was so kind.
Terrible and stinky food. Slow service and horrible experience.I do not recommend this place to anyone.
I had the chicken sorrentina. It was one of the chief specials of the night.  It was fabulous. A nice little place with good Italian food at reasonable prices.  Highly recommend.
Steph was a really great help with a rebate deal today. She helped us and kept a happy attitude throughout the transaction process.
Been shopping @ Frys for years, the wait @ the pharmacy SUCKS! Thought since the up grade the wait would go down. I was totally wrong..And dont get me started on the rude deli people. They look at you like (What are you doing here?)
I love this team and they're all super friendly and so is the doctor you would be in good hands if you pick this office to care for your family.
Service is so god damn slow!!!!!!!!!!!!! waited 20 mins. customer service suckxxxxxx 3 people in computer just helping one customer.
We always come here for our Sushi! Yum!  Service is pretty good and Sushi is delicious! Can't wait to go back!
If you like walking around a store and going back into the parking lot for your cart this is the store for you. Poorly set up store.
Love me a good burger. Although the burger prices keep going up they are yummy for the tummy. They now have kiosks at each table, bulky and distracting but it was quick to pay and have my receipt emailed to me instead of having a paper one. Overall it was a good experience and my lunchtime company (hubbin) was the best
Favorite place to stop after hiking Camelback!  I love this tiny little place on Scottsdale.  Its the best spot to grab a quick bit to eat or some coffee.  The breakfast sandwich is the best!  I love that several of the items on the menu are vegetarian or gluten free.  The staff are always the friendliest people around.  I'm hooked on this place!
Love love love! Everything, down to the service. When I wasn't sure what to get, the person taking my order was helpful and concerned about what I was looking for in a meal. Great healthy options and yummy tea! :)
Eating here now this place is great super health love it the man salad is the way to go they are not open late but a great lunch and breakfast place
Great Chai tea and California club soo good! Cute environment but the drive through can get busy so it's worth stopping inside.
Love this place!!  The California breakfast club is amazing!!  Love it had a drive thru!!
A cancer free celebration dinner!Awesome possum this buffet was. So many options to choose from and for my fellow dinner guests, steak for dinner! Following the suggestions from Randy, I stopped by this place and boy was I glad that I did. I always though buffets were forever lame, but now I see the buffet light at the end of the tunnel. Plenty of vegetarian options like meatless mexican options, lo mein, spring rolls, macaroni and cheese, salad bar etc. I did not leave hungry. They have a chocolate fountain so that means chocolate covered strawberries!! Yes! or chocolate covered macaroons! mmmmThe service is always great but the bathroom was a bit dirty the last time I went. After I complained they did give me a nice phone call so I say great customer service. 4 stars~
Not impressed.  Overpriced for mediocre pizza.  The wings are ok, but the pizza was nothing special.
It's a bit now expensive for the amount of drink that you get, but it's a local place I'd support over Starbucks any day. Their chai is really spicy which is a bonus since that is my favorite drink and I like it either spicy or sweet with great aromas!
TWO WORDS: BED BUGSThird word: refund!...at 1 in the morning. Do not stay here.I stayed in room 223 on 09/12/14, there was no mistaking the fatty bed bug that I found crawling around while resting. After taking some additional time to look at the sheets, I noticed their infamous bloody track marks. Hotel did not fight me on a refund, and the staff was so cordial (too cordial) it confirmed that they weren't surprised when I came down at 2 am with the allegation. They did try to tell me it might have been a bug from a nearby park, but I was outta there before they could finish. I requested to have a manager call me, they reassured me one would, and I have heard nothing.
Great place for fast lunch!!! The buffet is always stocked here! Keep it up! Easy to get in and out of.
The manager of this location is awesome! And Miss Andrea is fantastic with the kids (Beasts)! :)  Little C has so much fun at class.  The teachers spray down the mat and equipment after every class, so that's kinda comforting.    Parent participation is kinda hit or miss, depending on which class you attend.  You can go to a class where every parent is up and running around with/after their kids during exploration time during class.  Or go to another where they're sitting down watching the kids run around.  The kids seem to have a great time regardless. If you're the type of parent that gets involved (like J and I), you'll be sweating by the time class is finished trying to keep up with your kid!  LOL VIP benefits if you enroll for the next season during an enrollment party.  Great discounts for the next full season, if you can pay in full during one of the enrollment parties!  Payment plans for those that need it.   For less than the cost of one family dinner out per week, your LO can have a BLAST at The Little Gym!!
Amazing work and service :) Been going for 5+ years. They listen to what you want and accommodate them :)
Love this salon. They always do a great job and it's always very clean. I've never had to wait very long and you can call ahead and schedule a appointment. Vivian is awesome!
Great prices. Very good service. This is where I always go. Hot stone massage and the owner speaks English which is nice. Some speaking in their language while working on us which is irritating but can't complain about the rest. One time the water was cold but every other experience was good.
Nothing great. Would not go again. I ordered some steak fajita dish. I could probably fit all the steak in the hand of a small child.
Go here and get Fernando as a waiter. Unbelievable service and amazing carnitas! Also get the homemade guac, great time!
Excellent food! Margaritas delicious! Servers very attentive and informative. Nice atmosphere! Loved chips and guacamole made table side
Love the soup appetizer.. delicious!!I was concerned about my AARP card ofr lack there of, but then remembered it was only 6 and the dinner crowd is made of all types. I believe this spot is located in the center of RV mecca Mesa, beautiful or not its not a late dinner crowd if you catch my drift. HOWEVER!! The staff is more than friendly and welcoming. The food is good and priced very VERY wel.. I love that they still have blue plate specials and menu boards complete with desserts in the cold case at the front door. Local mom and pop would be all encompassing, however located on a dark poorly lit road, this place would scare me... good thing its got good location and obviously local patrons. . good choice! CANT WAIT to try breakfast, which BTW is served all day. .
This is a great hole in the wall restaurant. The food is outstanding and the prices are great! Customer service is out of this world. The owner has a great sense of humor and will always make you laugh! The chicken bandido is so yummy!
Try the "Matt and Traci," delicious!  (vanilla + caramel = yummy!)  I'm not a local, but on 5 different trips to Phoenix to visit family we've always returned to this coffee shop.  Usually, I'm more a fan of the Italian-style coffee shops, but this little place in an unassuming strip mall is pretty darn good.  The lake cabin style decor is cute and relaxing.  Never had a bad drink here, and I've tried all manners of coffee and espresso drinks.  Is it the best place ever?  No.  But is beat most chains by a mile.
Always had a great experience with the Fry's and the Wells Fargo! Had any bad food and returns have been a breeze and I rented a Rug Doctor so many times and they stand by their word! Love this Fry's. Feels weird to shop at any other Fry's
Very disappointed. They are closed for "reconstruction ". Will give a proper review if we ever get inside.
Great shop with great selections but very rude personnel at this location. Try other locations...
Love this place! Great tasting coffee and friendly service. Pumpkin and caramel are delicious. Great way to start the morning.
I can't find anything here! I can't even find a nearby employee to help me. FRUSTRATING!!!!!!
Love port of subs. Great subs, that are always fresh! Good location right on the edge of campus at Arizona State.
nice place good ambience.. friendly staff.. recommended for friends... hope to hang out soon again
Best wings! Love them. Great place for a game. Service is good, not great but good. Not problems some mention. I actually like this location more than most others I've been to so far. I'll be back.
Great family owned place for breakfast and lunch. We come here all the time. Great people, great food and great service.
Felice was very nice and understood my order. The restaurant was clean. I love coming to this place for the spicy nuggets.
15 minutes in drive thru and can't even remember ranch for my chicken nuggets. Girl at window was too busy texting to get ranch we asked for 3 times.Fries were cold. Will not go back if they can't get shit right.
Love the cheese enchiladas the sauce is homemade. Good place to eat for a quick bite. Family owned the owner Jose is funny always cracking jokes..
Absolutely love my nails by Lee at true touch nails. I usually go short and decided to try something new this time around. Lee was amazing and did a beautiful job!
The fish dishes are always great.   You'll get full of the yummy bread too.  One of the things to remeber is that the olace is popular with business types so come etarly for lunch and dinner.  You'll spend around $18 a plate if you like to eat.
Delicious food and great service! A little pricey but delicious food and great atmosphere.
Can't get enough of this place..the bowls are done with fresh vegetables and lettuce..just enough for two people to eat..the line is never too long and everything is prepared right in front of you..
Pretty good pizza. Thin crust with lots of toppings. I like that the waitress advertised the beer special without me having to ask. I'll be back.
Amazing. Love the sauce. And those dang canolis!Always come back for more. Great service great pies.
Great sandwiches and awesome people! Try the Long Trail, the housemade beef is the best I've ever had.....
The do what is needed to keep our cars running. Whether it be a simple oil change or new tires I really haven't been disappointed yet.Price check them with other people in town and outside of town and found the tires to be the cheapest
They are good. Been going back to them for a long time now. Even I'm a little farther in Phoenix still go back to them. Nice staff they are fast
Great prices on gas.  But only 4 fuel pumps. Sometimes there's a wait. Use your frys fuel points.
Great prices on gas.  But only 4 fuel pumps. Sometimes there's a wait. Use your frys fuel points! Parking is a little tight.
I LOVE this Dentist office. The whole staff is really insync, and really has it together AND all of them are super nice. My son loves Sweet tooths kid friendly office, with a tv in everyroom and lots of toys to play with. I SO wish going to the dentist was this awesome when I was a kid! And the best part is I know my son is their #1 priority!
Great practice! Awesome Dr and staff! Dr Bashara really cares about his patients and remembers them. We have been very happy with them!
Not good service and didn't try to make me come back. I'll get Genos . Sorry  just can not make myself go back and try it. It is not busy so I would say more people feel the same way.
30 July 2013Great customer service by the CSR (terminal 4 North) on the graveyard/swing shift! Courteous, kept us updated, and offered refreshing ice cold water! A necessity during 100 degree. Thanks v much! XxPrice for RT service was less expensive than a taxi one-way.
I use super shuttle a lot.  It's the best way to get to the airport.   The drivers are awesome on every ride I'm provided and I've used both shared and a single ride    The only part I wish super shuttle provided service to Maricopa city where I live that would definitely be the best and I'm sure a lot more other customers would use their service and at a good price.  It's just a wish though
Just because these guys have the best Internet and have the pac12 channel. You can get deals if you can call a cox specialist.
The worst, the undisputed worst. One star is generous. One to two hour wait times. I waited at least an hour to cancel then was lied to about the cancelation. I had to call back to wait again. Then They tried to bill me after I turned in my equipment a month later
Super service. David saved us a ton of money. This is a great store. Dave took the time to help me, my wife and my daughter find the perfect package. We bought 2 new phones and added a line. My daughter will save over $100 dollars a month moving to Sprint from T-mobile.  I plan to add my son and my parents to our plan. We will then save over $300 a month.
Great local coffee house. Their chai with almond milk rocks!  The customer service is excellent and after only a few visits they remembered my 'regular' order. Love the vibe and the people. The shop itself is on the small side so be prepared to sit outside, which is not a bad option unless it is 110 degrees.
Good fast food for a good price.  I miss the cheesy cheddar burger. Bring it back!  The employees are all kids so sometimes they get your order wrong but they'll fix it if you catch it before driving away.
One of the best buffalo chicken sandwiches I've ever had! So so good! The staff was friendly and the lunch wait was quick.
Orange Beef, best thing on the menu. We love this place. Many a birthday has been spent here. Great service, very friendly place.
Last time when I was here, I got a wonderful haircut :) The staff is super helpful and super skilled
Amanda was great! Very personable and gave me the cut I wanted :) wait time wasn't bad and the stylist asked me a lot of questions to make sure she gave me a cut that works with my collicks.
Love this place! Friendly staff , highly skilled people. Great location ! Whenever I have question about my hair I always get great answers! I only go to SuperCuts when I'm in the states. Other hair places always made a mistake on my hair but no not this one ever! Keep it cool !!
Quick and precise. Like a laser beam chainsaw. Just what i needed. Friendly and fast. David was awesome!
Fast and neat! Friendly staff. I get my hair cuts here regularly. Never had to wait for more than 5 mins. The staff is helpful and their suggestions on the products are really good.
Wouldn't let me 8 year son use their bathroom, will never go here for haircut...,..Ccxxxxxxxx cxxxxxxx.
Super tasty breakfast, super fast and excellent service. Cool spot and family ran! Would eat here again.
Pretty good. The cheap, gritty Mexican food we were looking for. Alpastor tacos were real good.  Less than 9 bucks for 5 tacos!
Love this place. Always be prepared to spend a lot but it's so worth it! The place is usually always crowded. Lots of shoppers but they also have food samples. This is another way they get you to spend more money. They serve pizza, hot dogs, ice cream and sandwiches. I've only tried their pizza and I'm not a very big fan. There are others who seem to like though. I see people taking whole pizzas home and others sitting to eat slices.
Super friendly staff and in a great location for our neighborhood. They are always fast and don't over sell shipping we don't need.  Highly recommended.
It's alright, nothing special.  We had the Phoenix dog, Classic Cheese steak and a Coney dog.  Phoenix dog was a poor attempt at the Arizona famous Sonoran Hot dog.  Coney dog, well, was a very small but tasty dog.  The Cheese steak was good but not over the top.
Loved it! I'll be back every time I am in Coolidge! I would definitely get the shredded beef burrito before the run out. Very authentic and great hot sauce. Thanks guys
Great service and ambiance. Say hi to Margie while you're there! Don't be scared to sign the waiver to get your burger cooked rare.
Love the Pollo fundido!  My wife and I share that along with a folded cheese crisp.   It's like our comfort food.  Yummm!
Awesome food, super fast delivery and friendly staff!  Highly recommend!!Love the online ordering was just awesome. Picked out everything we wanted and then placed the order. It was very easy. Very cool!
A good spot for pizza on my cheat day!Its good, numerous options, even a decent salad bar!Cons: All those calories and make sure you specify clearly wether you want regular crust (thick) or thin crust. Somehow they got that wrong for me (but they did fix it)
Dr. Morgan and the entire staff are awesome! I used to come here but got lazy and went to an optometrist closer to home. Well Dr. Morgan's intern found a mistake in one of my lenses. Dr. Morgan confirmed it. I will be returning to see Dr. Morgan.
First time here, and was delicious!! Highly recommend the pizza! And salad as well!Cinque formaggi with sausage was very good!!
Pretty quite.. Cool clothes and selection. Good customer service. The floor supervisor was helpful. No pressure on selling their items. I would comeback here
Average location. Only used drive thru. Speed was OK, order was right. In a strip mall close to other stores. Convenient.
In and out quick and always friendly. They with match coupons with competitors. Alicia is my favorite
Great plants, reasonable prices :)  Their staff is ultra-friendly and knowledgable.
Very convenient location for students that goes to Midwestern University. I highly recommend this shop. Offers same day service as well
Hands-down the best bacon burrito I've ever had in my life. I would give them five stars except for the fact that every single time I call in takeout orders I still have to wait at least 15 minutes on arrival. The crunchy chicken tacos are really good too. But nothing comes close to these bacon burritos, at all locations ( Tempe and Scottsdale are my favs)
This place is so fun!!! :) a girlfriend brought me here and they had the shuffle boards. Ain't played it in a while.
Excellent nail salon. Professional, friendly, immaculate and accommodating. I appreciate their flexibility in scheduling. My nails always look great!
Favorite pizza place! Pizza is on point and try the cheesy breadsticks! They even sell just a slice for lunch!
Excellent staff. Friendly, professional and helpful. Best dentist in Arcadia.I always dread going to a new dentist - not because I'm afraid of dentists, but because I'm worried they are going to want to redo all my fillings and tell me I need hundreds of dollars worth of stuff done on my teeth.Dr. Tran Bryan and his dental team aren't like that at all.  First of all, I hadn't gone to the dentist in nearly 1.5 years, but they didn't scold me for my plaque build-up.  In fact, the hygienist was gentle and even complimented the work my dentist back in Sacramento had done (wow!!).  She also said my teeth were so white, they looked bleached. Yay!After checking the x-rays, Dr. Tran said everything looked fine and I'll see him in 6 months. What? No work needed? No alleged "soft spots"? No old fillings that should be replaced just because they were old? Nope. I was done.Amazing.
Great place for the $42 priceline price.  HAs a super easy walk to the train to get downtown!
Always very good food and service  our go to Italian restaurant in Mesa.   Awesome pizza and pasta dishes.  A must try !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks Rachel for help! Very friendly :) time to get that tan on!! Love Celebrity!!! Always such fun girls working
These guys are great !! Been coming here for 13 years!! Jeff, Dennis and Bob are all great barbers. Lots of large flat screen TV sets.
Closed... This location is closed as of 7/31. I don't know if they are planning to remodel or reopen. It breaks my heart because I really liked the place.
Everyone there is so nice it's a pleasure to go to the dentist! Love there Saturday hours it's very convenient
It's nice that this place is open 24hrs. Just picked up some more coffee. Something about a nice cup of coffee just makes perfect sense.  This place was packed leave to do it yourself registers open and it would make life easier.
Amazing service...friendly Employees... Great selection... relatively low prices... when ever I go I get exactly what I need... I have referred people and they have came back positive...
Tasty. Especially good bread. Great satisfying, veggie sandwich!
Love the variety and great freshness the staff is always very friendly and smiling always willing to help...i love to go in and get fresh fruit and vegetables. ..can't go wrong with anything that they sell...Go in and experience how all grocery stores should be
Above average food, service great, clean, great patio. Will do again. Sergio's original paintings are awesome!
Great food. One of our favorite places for Mexican food. We usually drive 30 mins out of our way to eat here. :)
Great food. One of our favorite places for Mexican food. We usually drive 30 mins out of our way to eat here. :)
Food is delicious and margaritas are fabulous! Love the midori margaritas! Chimichanga is a favorite!
The chicken tacos are good be ready to translate the menu with your phone if Spanish isn't your primary language though
Middle of the road. Nothing memorable, nothing especially terrible. Service decent. I don't know, this is not what I'd expect for Mexican food as a tourist coming to Arizona.
Great service. The Baristas make your drinks perfectly! I appreciate the fact that they are both effective and efficient. It's super impossible to me to be able to get in and get out while still receiving EXACTLY WHAT I ASKED FOR! So, thank you for doing that just. :)
Drive thru window staff was very friendly and professional. Ralph was one the the best drive-thru employee I have ever had.  Thank you Ralph for being so kind
Friendly staff, good foold.A bit over priced.not very crowded but noisy.Coupons via email if you sign up for them.
Breakfast with the honey loves! Everything was super delicious. The waitress was on point. It was my first time here, the food and the service was great! Will definitely be coming back soon for more breakfast
Very good BBQ especially for fast food. Love the fried okra and the variety of sauces. Better BBQ than you'd expect from a chain.  Always consistent with very clean interior and fantastic sweet tea!
Overpriced. Dry pork. Specials don't save much. Tea is good.You want some great BBQ, ribs, etc? Go to Hap's BBQ on Washington st. and 52nd st. Next to samurai Sam's.
So friendly and great service! All the other shops were booked til next week but this shop worked me in on the same day. I will definitelt be returning.
I'm a single girl and I felt completely comfortable with the guy who rented me a truck.  He was a young kid and very gung-ho about his job.  Completely honest with what I needed to know so that was refreshing.  Overall though everyone at Home Depots always seem willing to help out.
Great Store with great employees Like Debbie C. She knows her products and is very helpful, thank you Debbie.
Pretty much your standard ranch stash. What's not to like? Oh, for Californians: Be prepared to pay about 60 cents LESS per gallon of gas than you do back in the People's Republik of Kalifornia. Good shopping!
Great food, great prices!!  Try this place out for an intimate delicious meal!  Took a business group of 10, and had great service and great food, would totally recommend!!!
Love this place! Great service, great people & great prices!! The owners are awesome & the place is very clean! Will be back a lot!
Highly recommend! Excellent food and excellent wait-staff. Must try the Dog Park Dark Ale. Dogs are welcome on the patio.
Highly recommend.   Staff is kind and caring.   I have visited numerous times and always had a good experience.      Referred family and friends.   Definitely the dentist office of my choice.
This is my printer ink source as long as they are around. The staff are so kind and helpful. Would strongly recommend them just for their customer service! The fact that they provide an exceptional product is just icing on the cake.Prices are great! My printer takes 5 cartridges and each one was only $7.99!
Check in's averaging 12-15min's unacceptable.  Go to Hertz and pay the extra.  These guys are so slow it's beyond painful.  Especially, if you have to get anywhere
It's Panda.  Got exactly what I expected. It isn't gourmet,  it isn't even cheap really.  Sometimes I ask myself why I stop here.
Pretty much anything is good, today I decided on the grilled chicken club :)Was not disappointed, usually the bacon is a little bit flavorless, but today is was delicious. The lettuce was not soggy (which is surprising because they do not use iceberg) and the tomato (which i always remove one) was pretty good too.
Very clean and great service. Great place to bring the kids. The staff is great kind and helpful and always with a smile. They can be busy at times but it's worth it.
Very friendly and they do a great job. They remember you every time. It's clean and they have a good variety of colors to choose from.
They're acai bowls are so amazing! I get one every time I go to any of their locations
We like it here,it's close to our work and they have reasonable prices! They have great sweet potato fries,good wings and great customer service! They have happy hour from 11:00 to 7:00 Monday thru Friday!
Connie and the gang are AWESOME!!!  Great rates and extremely helpful!!I cannot say enough good things about them!  I wouldn't go anywhere where else!
Worst service ever. Employees were slow as all heck taking their time. I waited almost 10 minutes to get my tea. Unless they were short staffed, then I understand. Other than that, it was ridiculous. I've had other Starbucks be fast.
It wouldn't be my first choice... however, it will do in a pinch. Biggest complaint is the wait time. They said my order would be ready at a specified time. Sat there for 20 min after the time I was given.
In Mesa no subway puts double cheese on the chicken bacon ranch... I use to work at subway I know this sandwich gets double cheese. They say a customer is always right but this subway does not believe so. They have argued with me " I wanted to see how far it would go" about no extra cheese.
Worst service possible. You would think delivering a low chain pizza would be the easiest job in the world, but apparently it takes a rocket scientist. Management didn't help. I don't know if I just ordered on a bad night, so I might give him a second chance with future, but I don't see much hope for improvement if it was this bad.
Walk Ins are welcome.. it has  new Decor!!  Friendly Barbers.  Everyone welcome.  Shaves & haircuts..The atmosphere is very comfortable.  I would recommend it to everyone!!
Great service, and newly added nail salon is a huge bonus! Staff is super friendly and the salon is really clean.
I love this place the lady was so nice and adorable I recommend it  the lady she really changed my hair and she's such a sweetheart
Nice place, nice staff. Wait time could be ridiculous at times... I will be coming back.
Love taking my girls here! They always do such a great job! They always ask to go to "snips" and love getting the glitter and scents in their hair.
Great location the staff and ice cream are awesome! Always get a welcoming hello by the staff and sometimes a song and dance!!!
It's CFA, what's not to like?! Friendly, clean, fair priced and delicious. I love coming here and it's definitely a staple.
It's CFA, what's not to like?! It's clean, comfortable and affordable. The staff are friendly, professional and helpful, unlike most fast-food joints. CFA always provides great good at great prices. I'm hooked on the spicy chicken!
I live close by and needed some coffee decided to try this place out I got the coffee milk tea I'm so glad I did, Totally recommend, don't be scared too try it you won't be dissapointed =) workers were sweet as well xoxo!
Always enjoy coming here for the best smoothies but since the new owners took over the hours of business are horrible. It seems like every time we try to stop by they are closed. Very disappointing!5 stars for the smoothies, 1 star for the hours of business
Excellent location. Fast friendly. Even honored my punch pass from another store. Great prices and good take and bake pizza.
Huauchinango wins on every level possible.hole in the wall = check.family business that prides itself in amazing service and food = check.story-teller staff = check. killer recommendations = check.EVERY plate was licked clean, we had to be rolled out, and still wanted more = check.Omg beef tongue tacos and chicken mole are amazing!!
Great customer service! Fresh ingredients! If you like subway, this is a good one :) Mario was our sandwich maker and he is the best!!! Apparently this doesn't count as a review unless it's long enough soooooo... Order the chicken bacon ranch on italion herb and cheese
You must get the loaded bake potatoes soup. Best I've ever had!!Black Angus is one of my favorite restaurants. They only have a few in Arizona so I take every chance I get to eat there. The appetizers, drinks, and entrees are great. The service at this specific Black Angus was also superb. Very friendly and quick. We were there for lunch so I believe he understood we had a time limit. The booths are nice and big so it is a great place for a big party.
Excellent service and tender steak cooked to perfection.  The chocolate cake was delicious.  Thank you for an enjoyable lunch with my mom.
These guys are the best.  Thanks for the great service.  Weather it's purchasing tires for our 66 Corvette or fixing a flat on our 2015 Corvette you guys always do a great job.  Fast and efficient.
Super casual place, good food and great service. Great place to stop in with the wife and kids. Nothing fancy but a nice place to grab a good meal.
Best Mexican food I've ever had!!! Plus service was awesome. Ill definitely go back. It was clean, had a good atmosphere, and they were quick and efficient.  I love the chips and salsa especially the hot salsa.
love the food and enjoy the service. we went across the street at the driving range so we decided to check them out. the shrimp tacos were delicious
This place is terrible save your money go across the street and eat Taco Bell. They can never get the order right and it's hit or miss if they burn the tortillas over fry the rolled tacos. Good luck with this
Great dance studio. Wonderful teachers. Hip-Hop, tap, jazz, ballet, pointe, youth to adult. Even home to the Dancin' Dads.The only issue I have is that during the busiest class times, it can be difficult to find a place to sit and actually watch the kids dance. However, since many studios don't allow that anyways, I guess it is not a bad thing.Their website is http://www.MadAboutDance.com
Very disappointed in the service disorganized meat was dry I can make it better to stick at home however the bread was excellent
Check out the wal-martians, they are a plenty...Otherwise it is a pretty good Walmart, and it seems to be cleaner than some of the other Walmarts in the valley.
This is best subway in the foothills. You are in and out fast and they are nice.I have been here many times and always had a good experience. I was there today and there was a short line. I got my sandwhich and paid in 4 mins. Jose made my sandwhich and he was a machine. He banged out my veggy sandwhich super fast.
Absolutely gross . The worst experience cheap ass garbage food with no flavor. I hope you think twice before ordering this crap
One I go to when I need my egg McMuffin fix. This location is a little dated. They have been very consistent on my orders. Staff is friendly.
Excellent food!  The tom kha soup was some of the best I've had.  Service was a little slow, but they were very busy and seemed to be short staffed.
This time I got the Philly Cheese Steak pizza.   It was the right decision. Yumm! !! The tall reservations and it is recommended for Songo night. Don't forget to try the Mr. Pineapple beer.
Normally very fast. Today -- stupid slow!!The team at this location has traditionally worked hard to provide an exceptional experience. Today they had the C team working. Too bad ...
Relaxation. Finally!!!!I informed the staff that I was traveling in an 18 Wheeler and that I needed some "Me Time" and that starts with a great room and bathroom. I am happy to say that our one night stay was just what I needed. The bed was so comfortable that I didn't even get out of it to get food. Luckily my BF was kind enough to grab us some food and I just stayed in bed watching TV.Thanks for the comfort Hilton!!!!
Asian food so fresh you can hear it meow.  The soy beans are pretty good as well. They have non-Midwestern cashew kitty that is not bad too.
Plenty of choices in meat and salsas. They have barbacoa like that of chihuhua, mexico. One of the only places I know. Delicious! You can see them cooking up the meet from where you order and they have a place facing the dining area where someone is making the tortillas fresh. How awesome.  The have tostadas to snack on, and plenty of salsa to choose from their Salsa and Toppings Bar. they give you a number and then they bring your meal to your table.  I go there for the tacos, but they also have enchiladas, burritos, flan, rice, beans (refried and ranchero), and so much more.  Highly recommend!Casual Dinning.
Excellent customer service. Was even able to get next day service. Preferred method of payment is cash/debit as they charge a credit card fee. However, they aim to keep their prices low so I am okay with that.They also do alterations and all kinds of other good stuff!
Never has fresh fruit and vegetables. ..take notes please more organized and organic...need alot more variety when it comes to no gmo foods
Best Thai food in town. People are very friendly too. I always get the Chow Mein with some wontons or the satay. Occasionally I will mix it up with the panang curry.  Food comes out very quick as well. They do have limited seating, however the serve food quickly so its not too much of an issue. I will be back many times I am sure.
seating limited and felt crowded otherwise red curry chicken was very good.  highly recommend for take out for home.  plenty of food for the price.
Always great to find a great local butcher when you are new in town. Don't miss the prime beef here. Thanks JC. Great to meet you. The Groupon Guys. Looking forward to meeting Brett.
Very friendly staff and got me out of there as fast as they could. Vacuum job was pretty good but didn't get in the crevices like I was hoping but what can I expect - it's not the car wash. Have purified water and judge Judy going so that was pretty good if you ask me compared to the Econo Lube down the road where the tattooed man was calling me sweetheart with a creepy grin!
Love Barros! In my opinion it's the best pizza and wings in the valley! I've had the so called authentic lasagna thick Chicago style pizza and the cardboard thin, greasy New York style but if you just want a really good pizza go with Barros.
All I can say is WOW!!! Excellent  pizza reasonable price,I highly recommend.Very good food , Friendly service.
Great food, lots of choices, good drinks! Must visit now. Good Mexican food. This place is the best of all of them. You need to try it.
Great food, lots of choices, good drinks! Must visit now. Rhonda is the best server I have ever experienced. She makes your meal fun. She is on top of it. And, she remembers your name. Come for good food and at home experience.
What a great place!  They took super great care of me. I will recommend it to everyone   They went way beyond the call of duty
Don't bother, can replace a screw and that's about it.  Waste of time!   How can a lens be scratched below the surface of the non-scratch surface?
Walk-in repair. Fast and friendly. I will return!  I appreciate the kind and generous service.
Great venue for NASCAR, you can see all the action. We got lucky and our seats are across from Harvick pits.  Nice to see NASCAR has honored Paris with a moment of silence and prayer.
Great service, nice trucks, friendly staff!! In typical Penske fashion they are organized, prepared for your arrival and on top of everything they do. Very impressed but not surprised. The one thing I will say is check out the back lot, it's miraculous how they get all the trucks parked in such a small lot!
Our friend brought us here for the first time to eat brunch and we loved it! It looks like they converted that house into a restaurant which is good because it really feels like you're home. One thing that keeps me from coming back is their pancake! The susan apple pancake is to die for!!
What a charming place! The food was good and the service was great. Their Whiskey Sauce Caramel Buns are wonderful.
Yum! Food was good. Too many flies hanging around though, that was annoying. Cute little house. Coffee was better than the average cafe. We will go back!
Great cinnamon rolls,  coffee and green Chile omelet. service is friendly and quick. The restaurant is quaint and just what they call it, The Gilbert House. It's a 50s style home converted to a very nice local restaurant.
The Green Chili Omlette is amazing! Service was efficient and friendly. Quite a few gluten free options. They make good iced tea that isn't instant (hard to find). Hubby had Chicken Fried Steak, which he said was very good, obviously not pre-frozen, and not greasy at all. Amazing list of bakery items, but unfortunately, none of those were gluten free.
Excellent staff,  felt very comfortable and my 12yo liked it here also.  Was highly recommended and I will recommend to others
Love this place! I try to pick up a loaf from them weekly! Every time I walk in they are very helpful and one time they gave my some free cinnamon rolls. It was a fun blessing!
Great bakery items, cookies, muffins, scones, breads. More than the usual large chains
The most authentic, delicious, fresh Mexican restaurant in wickenburg!!! Definitely worth going to if u are craving some bomb food. Their chimichangas , taco salad, chili rellenos and fish tacos are to die for!
Delicious meal!!!!!great service!!!well worth the detour we were coming back from Glendale and our car broke down.great place to get stuck.
Best locksmith around! I called Jeff because I saw Anthony P's review. My mom misplaced her keys and was locked out of her car and he was very understanding of the situation. He also took the time to help us search her car for them. He also called his buddy who makes keys to get us a quote. Jeff went above and beyond. I hope we wont ever need his services again, but if we do, I wont hesitate to call Jeff again. You should too! You wont be sorry!! Fast, friendly, professional! What more could you ask for??
Not pleased. Bad service, generic noodles and broth, and steep prices for pho. I waited to be seated at 2p on a Monday, then waited to order, and waited for a water refill despite empty tables throughout. I also asked for fried tofu but received steamed. Pass.
Bathroom dirty like a 1980 truck stop. According  to front desk my room was cleaned today. Bed unmade. No new towels and after 1900 no staff. Able to clean multiple Dna  sample from toilet. Also pool is broken but on site as useful. No one cares this is a infection control issue. One more thing this place only cleans every 8 days even if you are only staying a few days.  This means you have to take out your garbage and get your own towels and sheets. The front desk closes at 11pm so if you need something good luck. If I could give a negative score I would. This place cost at least 65-70 a night. A joke.after they cleaned my toilet it looks the same. Lol. Must have all taken a environmental cleaning course paid for by the hotel.
Great techs that are very helpful and knowledgable! My experience with TASA has been good. Thank you.
Not the quality I was expecting. Too pricey for plain food. No longer a favorite. I was expecting it to be a little more family friendly.
Very good food with authentic pupusas  great quality menu I'll say that's is very complete place to enjoy what is salavadorian recipes
Horrible, horrible, horrible! We had reservations since September for a master suite, they checked us into a Jr. without even the courtesy of acknowledging it. When we called them on it, the concerierge just handed me the phone for the 800 number in Florida. Of course they couldn't do anything about it but offer me a $25 gift card. The Jr wasn't even big enough for the 4 of us (which is why we booked a master). The pull out sofa was broken and had screws protruding. NO WI-FI! are you kidding me... This is 2011 isn't it? What exactly is the "five star villa" experience? The staff was terrible, the room was 2 star at best. Run from this place!
Adult pool minimum age is not unforced. Definitely a family resort, not so much for the empty nester wanting a quiet get-away.  Accommodations are very nice. Bed was comfy.
Good drinks. Great food. Great crowd. Amazing bar tenders. Favorites are the montzerella sticks, burgers and foccatia. Lots of tvs. Juke box. Pool tables.
It's small and cozy with tv's on both side walls. I can see it getting crowed very easily. Friendly staff too :-)
I love this PPP! It's always clean and the workers are always friendly. I will always come here from now on.
They are absolutely wonderful to work with and they get the job done correctly! They are fair and honest when it comes to repairs and I definitely recommend them!
Dear holy awesome gluten free menu!!! I'm 100% excited for a restaurant that's been approved by a celiac association - and they display it right on their door! Everything here is awesome - I had the gluten free crush pizza and got the "vegetarian" option. I also had the watermelon mojito - with real chunks of watermelon and mint! They have GREAT gluten free appetizers as well! This is my new favorite restaurant, and although pretty pricey, it's a great date restaurant, or a good girlfriend date. Especially for celiacs, vegetarians, or organic junkies. A must visit!
I came to this location in Tempe after visiting the Picazzo's in Sedona.  I ordered the Puttanesca Pizza (no olives) with Garlic Butter Crust again because it really is THAT good!! I think the crust was even better this go 'round!  The Chocolate Chip Skillet with Coconut Vanilla Ice Cream is great and big enough to share!  We enjoyed sitting outside on the beautiful outdoor patio on such a beautiful day!
Way over priced...I'd rather have DiGiorno.$18 for a 12" pizza...bah, go to Grimaldi's and you'll be way more happy; they actually use quality ingredients.
Tom and Glen was amazing! Outstanding work on my red marble countertop. My counter tops was in very bad shape  and they brought it back to its true beauty. I would most definitely use them again
Absolutely beautiful hike! 8 mile drive off road.  It's a beautiful hike, it's a little bit of a climb to the saddle, so make sure to bring plenty of water.  If you start in the morning you'll be in the shade most of the hike up.  There are plenty of places to stop and catch your breath if you need it.  It's a little windy when you get to the saddle, but the view is absolutely beautiful!  It's good for the dogs as well!
Eric is awesome! Really great nails!! As a new customer he has made time for me in his schedule on short notice. The work that he does is very careful and precise. Extremely professional excellence salon that I would recommend to anyone!
Overrated. Don't go out of your way. The tortillas are better than most places but the entire dishes are not special. If you are in the neighborhood its worth a stop but don't make a special trip.
Best Mexican food in Phoenix! Wish they were open on Sunday's! Great hang over food too!
Pretty darn good food for the money and speed.I got here quite often and recommend it to all my closest friends
Yum! I could eat it every day. My favorite is the "special" burro.  My second would have to be the two tacos. Beef or chicken, both delicious. Affordable, quick, and take some tortillas home for later.
Rudest staff ever! Pretty just belittled me :(When I went in the gym I had a guess pass and everything was cool. Gave me the your and said I was a jerk for asking him questions about the cleanliness of the gym, hygiene etc. Seriously dude it's a common concernEdit. I forgot to mention that this guy threatened to call the police on me because I asked for his full name to complain to corporate.
Don't come for the service at breakfast time.Me and the Hubby went a few weeks ago and I wished that the review would show up on the check in date instead of the write up date but...We went for breakfast, were promptly seated, then waited, and waited, and then our waitress (I usually call them servers seeing how I was one for many years, but not in this case) finally gets to us and takes our drink order and sighs because I wasn't quite ready to order.When we did order, my hubby was asking me what he should get out of 2 things and all she heard was him saying something, heard it was a menu choice and decided he was getting that for breakfast.  Meals came out timely, they weren't the greatest things ever, but it was IHOP, and didn't expect them to be; however, they were pretty good, he had gotten some moons over my hammy type thing they have at Denny's and I got the double BLT and was happy that they didn't make my bacon crispy.  Finally got a drink refill and with it came the question if I needed a box...not if I was going to  need one, as I am still eating the last half of my sandwich and fries are gone, but the question wasn't brought up to the person that still had half a sandwich left and was no longer touching it.The bill came early almost the same time the food was dropped off and I guess that is protocol for them and by the service I guess she felt that since she dropped off the ticket that we no longer required service.  Talked to the guy in charge at the time and he made excuses and so I told him that we wouldn't be returning to any IHOP for a while and never again to this location
We run this baby ... ;-) this is where I run... to center myself.. to get my self 'back' . Some people go to the gym.. and no joke.. I do too..BUT trust me.. IF I have a choice, I would rather be outside with nature..and in PHX this is close to my home and the best I can do. It's rather safe, as I like to run at night. It's pretty lighted and friendly, in terms of other walkers and runners and what nots. No excuses.. get out.. get it done.
Very very good pizza!!! We will be back!! Great service, very fast! Happy we chose here for our Friday night outing.  :-)
It easy to find what you are looking for and the staff was friendly. Also can see what else we could need in the future. I would also say that if you are looking for a mattress this is the place to go.
Very small parking area! It get's super busy on the weekend and because the parking isn't great, it become a war zone :-(
Stopped in for a wobbly tire, Discount Tire is replacing it under warranty. Nice courteous knowledgeable staff.....They aired up the other three tires to the right psi for the vehicle, and inspected them as well. In and out in under 40 minutes, with lots of people moving through just as quickly.
Free soda beverages which is nice, but that was the only real positive I experienced here.  Was incredibly smokey inside (even for a casino) and coming home doused in smoke wasn't too pleasant.  Another minor annoyance was upon sighing up for the awards program, which we were generously given $10 of free slot play, were only to be used on certain crown-marked slot machines.  These machines were few and far between and usually were being utilized by people who didn't appear to be stepping any time soon. Overall, probably my least favorite casino Ive visited in the Phoenix-area.  I wont sat I wont ever go back, but I wont be making the trip out there any time soon.
A great place to relax or play.  Great food and very friendly people. From the moment I walked in, I was treated very nice. I loved the hospitality.  The food was great and I didn't go broke.  :-)
Awesome lunch specials! Many choices with rice, $3.98! If you want REAL, AUTHENTIC Chinese food with ample portions and low prices, look no further!
Some damn good Chinese food!!!!the house special line in and rice are very very good and the Kung pow sauce is incredible
We love this place! It's the only Chinese food we eat. The orange chicken and dried beef chow fun can't be beat. The fried rice is delicious. Prices are great and the staff are really nice, especially to kids.
Authentic food. Great value and friendly service. Highly recommend. Love the Hong Kong Coffee/Tea.  One of the best Asian Restaurants in the area.
Pizza is always great, love the wings. it's a busy place. The booths need some TLC. Very reasonable prices.
The only thing that could be better is their seating!
Best Shrimp Tacos!!! They're so Delicious always one of my favorite Spots! They're pancakes for breakfast are Delicious as well. I don't mind waiting since I know it is always well worth it. Also great Service
Great Coffee AND Great personal. I enjoy going to this bethany home starbucks. The employees serve the sandwiches hot and warm. Super delicious! Thank you starbucks.
Came out and fixed it on the spot and with a smile.  Thanks Henry!  Even better considering City Wide came out and said additional parts were needed then never called back.  Or for that matter even inspected properly.
Love this place!!!! Both of our kids come here and they are always very welcoming.  I am happy they are only 5 minutes from our home. Can't wait to see the new place and is going to be awesome.
Played for the first there this past weekend and it was AMAZING...my friends and I played the Links course and found it fun and challenging.
Sunday afternoon is the busiest time here! Personally, I could live without the LOLs pushing preservative-laden factory food on me. I'd also like to see more grass-fed and pastured animal products. I had visitors from out of town who are also Costco members where they live. They were surprised the Costco employees actually checked our card when we went in and our receipt when we left. This location may be more militant than others.
Love the free samples they give out. Sunday's are the best days for those. Only open till 8 most days though, so get in early! Their customer service is almost always amazing, the company treats their employees well, and it is definitely noticed how much most of the workers love their job. We used to go to the one in Scottsdale, but since we moved this is our main location. Their photo department is amazing as well...the cheapest and best photos I have been able to find!
Leave time for parking & foot traffic! Otherwise, once you're settled in the area, this venue is in a great location and close to restaurants and coffee shops for before or after the performance! The box office is easily accessible and well-designed. The ushers were all very helpful and knowledgeable of the area as well as the hall itself. I attended the Phoenix Ballet, "Don Quixote", and it was a marvelous afternoon performance in a nicely appointed venue!
I love this place!!!!!!! I get the black and white frost :) Amazing. Prices are cheap for great coffee. Punch cards for a free any size coffee at the end.  Mondays a double punch for your card
Great service fast and honest very good at answering my dumb questions did not try to sell me other services would definitely use again
,Great service thank you Adrian,We drove from Laveen to eat here Great food fries on point and the best hot dogs .........................   ..................
The pizza was not that good.  I will give them another try.  My kids love it!! The wings was not that great according to my husband
Very friendly/fast and my dress is perfectly altered!Definitely recommend!! I took my dress in Wednesday afternoon and it was ready Thursday afternoon. Very reasonable priced!!
Make sure to print out a 20% off coupon!I checked in here because my husband had to make his weekly trip there to get tools, and now yelp is telling me to leave a review. I am not really a harbor freight shopper, but he loves it. He loves all the tools he can get and always prints out a 20% coupon. I am giving this place a good rating because he likes it and doesn't spend too much money there.
Not bad for cardboard. On second thought I may have accidentally eaten the box. In all seriousness, I would pass and find another place. Pizza was over cooked and had little flavor.
Taro with boba = a big ass smile!  Yep, I said ass.  Inappropriate?  Perhaps, but it's so good to taste bubble tea on a hot day that I just don't care right now.  I just love taro.  And boba.  They go together like peanut butter and jelly... or peanut butter and chocolate... or peanut butter and anything!
I finally tried this place and omg why did I wait so long!? We called in a take out order and I'm glad we did because the restaurant itself seems kind of odd. 50s diner, no music random stuff thrown into booths. Anyway, the food was amaaaaaazing. We got the saganaki - fried cheese served with bread, gyros and a salad. Way too much food. We ended up saving the salad for another meal. The gyros are huge and delicious. Saganaki was amazing as well. I will be back!!
Good food, good service! We are here weekly!!! My fiancé loves the pizza! I love the hot wings! We even dip our pizza in the hot sauce! And the cunnabread is to die for! It is so cheap but so big! We always end up bringing it home! And their pizza fries are  delicious i just feel they need more cheese. Also the garlic knots are amazing! Our food tonight was so perfect, smoking hot, super delicious, and we left full and happy! Thanks sardellas! You are a great, Godly company! You'll have our business forever!
Yummy!!!great wings and pizza. Prices are very wallet friendly . Customer services rocks!! And the deliver beer!!!
The best pizza & wings around.Great menu, good prices and fast service.We love dining out at Sardella's, the staff is very friendly and courteous. Thank you guys!!!
Service sucks, and the bartenders have shit attitudes. Food is good, and love the games and billiards. I guess bring ten of your drunk buddies, maybe they'll acknowledge you as paying customers then. Bottom line: Don't come here for good, friendly, welcoming service.
They forgot my order:( but had good zipparitas!!! Service is very weak, the food is ok, but the drinks are legit! FRIDAY nights are not recommended, since there are WAY better places to be at, but when your desperate for grub after 11PM & before 11:58PM this lace can serve hot food, with alcohol!!! LOL!!!
CVS is the place for the quick in-n-out items...aka "quickies" The fill-in NP was super happy, love the positive energy! Thanks!
This is my go-to for Mexican.  I love going in and seeing the same faces every time.  Food is consistently good.  Always enjoy the family feel there.
Great service. Had a girl named nazaria. But the wait was incredibly long. Pricing is ok but it's definitely not a place to go for food. But if you want a quick creat it yourself drink this is a great place to go.
Super fast and friendly service. Good soup as well. Mmmmm... Broccoli cheddar. Best subway location in Phoenix.
15 customers and only 2 tellers. They never have enough help. Customer service doesn't seem to be a priority at this location.
Wonderful dentist!  No pain at all during my 2 fillings. No joke!  His staff was friendly and immediately took care of me. No wait. They took care of everything smoothly. I highly recommend.
Went to Macayo 's order the Baja pizza. Worst ever no longer a fan of there food. All it had on it was some spicy cheesy sauce and I ordered it with pork instead of chicken.  To my dismay the amount of pork could fit on a teaspoon. They used to have a happy hour that was not present @ happy hour. Also found out there well tequila was piss poor. So order a premium Margarita. Good luck on quality of food!
Bad...Can't belive they serve food COLD when it's hot dish. Would not recommend to anyone.
No soap in the women's restroom....employees must wash their hands?!?  That was not a fun find!
Keep your receipt for gas! A-holes  charge $13 when you bring it back full but don't have receipt! No one EVER mentioned that when rented. "Whats that? you didn't read the little sticker on the envelope? " Does anyone read that shit? This will be my last choice in car rentals forever.
Less Joking more attentive to Customer service Instead of dealing with the Long Long Longggggggggggggg lineThey were joking and fooling aroundI want a rental car not a SNL skit
Had the Butterfinger shake last night great. Going to order supper tonight will let you know about it later.Ordered the Wally burger chili cheese fries salad Butterfinger and oreo shake all good loved the flat top burger.
Great looking little place the calzone is huge and very good decent  place. The place isn't to bad for what the  price of the food get decent bang for your  buck
Awesome atmosphere!!! Great looking crew, and always an upbeat feeling! The front desk ladies always make this place even better, who would of thought that was possible!
Excellent as always. Fresh food, great service.Fries are coated with something which makes them especially crunchy and flavorful but still soft on the inside.
By far the best place to your car!    They honest,   Fast and do a great job. My wife has coming here for almost 8 years and I've been coming for three years
Beat body shop in town joe is the best!!He does a great job on matching exotic paint
I love this taco shop! The service is always good and the food is great! The beef tacos and carne wear a are excellent, as are the rolled tacos. Their guacamole is some of the best I've ever had.
Nice course. Challenging enough to make it worth your time but not enough to spoil a good day chasing the little white ball. Staff was awesome, very friendly and helpful. Can't wait to play again.
My experience , was terrible. They never get my order correct. Once they pretend to, I get home and it is not correct.
Amazing service! Always friendly, professional, and the delivery is awesome!! Love the organic option and pricing is reasonable with comps. I would highly suggest!!
No food and it is 7:30am! Otherwise I like the airport. Security is fast except no TSA precheck. I like that there is no congestion unlike Sky Harbor.
One of the best wings in town hands down. Service is always amazing and they have more than enough tv's available for viewing as well as a vast variety of shows playing so there's something for everyone.
Not my first time here. Make an appointment, very accommodating and nice folks. Sweet to my dog, she is very excited to go and looks great when I pick her up. They have always been prompt in my experience.
Great Korean in the valley of the sun! If you're looking for authentic Korean stews and BBQ Korean short ribs, this place is the place to be. I recommend the soon tofu soup with mixes seafood, so bomb!
Three of the best therapist in this location are: Brent, Maribel, & Ruby.  My personal favorite is Maribel because of her pressure and slow drag across the muscle.  I'm a tall drink of water and that works best for me.  I could have wrote this review a while back; however, I waited to submit this to see if everything still held true.  Maribel is always on point and professional.  I love this.
Horrible service and unorganized. I should have listened to the reviews. Please don't waste your time or gas. The only positive what is the young gentleman and young female working the front desk that were nice.
I had a great massage today w-Esau. He was professional, pleasant & thorough! I would definitely recommend an 1.5 hour massage!
Worse experience ever!! The staff was very rude and unprofessional. I went in on a Friday to replace my LG G2 phone for the 5th time. Not  even over exaggerating! I decided to "jump" and switch my phone to an I phone 6.. I was over the G2 and all the hassle of getting another one.. So changing phones seemed to be my best bet.Things were going well until they told me they couldn't transfer my info over to my phone until later that night or the next morning. The reason he used was so ridiculous he was saying that if I waited there to get it done it would take three days for my phone to update which I wouldn't want. Instead of questioning him I told him that I would be back later that night I was already there for 2 hrs by this point.I couldn't make it that night so I tried calling the store to let them know and the phone lines weren't working, it rang a few times then went straight to a fax machine I know I had the correct number...another issue with this location.I called because I wanted to make sure that they didn't send my phone off with all my info.I was told Friday that they shipped out phones early in the morning so to be there Saturday by 10 not a big deal but when I went there I found out that they didn't even ship the phones until Monday so technically I could've gone a little later which would've worked out great since I have two kids at home. Regardless I went and they couldn't get my information on my phone because there was an issue with my password not a big deal..I got the password situation figured out and they were finally able to upload my information to my phone so I thought. When I was going through my phone on the way home I noticed that my videos weren't on my phone. I figured that they did their job so I didn't check it in the store maybe I should've because it would've prevented me from having to go back Monday morning,couldn't go Sunday because it was Easter Sunday oh the joys. Once again I was there bright and early on Monday morning,I was the first person at the store and I let them know that I needed my videos on my iPhone. After telling them everything seemed okay.I had an update that needed to be done on my iPhone six and I explained to them that I didn't have Internet connection at home. I was working with someone else so I explained to him that I was told Friday that they would update my phone for me and but they didn't' get to do it. I asked again and the representative said that it was fine that instead of waiting 20 minutes for my videos to upload it would be about two hours for the videos and for the new system update so he had me come back in two hours.I came back 2 hours later to a phone that was not updated. I spoke to another gentleman and asked him why my phone wasn't updated I let him know that I specifically left my phone there for the two hours so it could be updated and he decided to tell me with attitude that it has not been two hours yet. I know it was two hours because I was there at 8:45 waiting for them to open at 9 AM and I returned at 11:10 so it was actually over two hours. He then let me know how it was a courtesy for them to do that for me that they didn't have to do it. I didn't appreciate the way that he spoke to me, it was very rude,they didn't keep their word from the very beginning.. I would never go to this Store again! After all the crap I went through with them back and forth you would think this guy wouldn't give me an issue to update my phone. He saw me there Friday,Saturday and Monday and was still really rude to me.Not only was the staff really rude and unprofessional but when I first came in on Friday one of the staff members.. I believe he was the manager, was trying to hit on me asking me where I work at yada yada yada then stopped once he realized I had a kid. If you want to save yourself some hassle don't go to this T-Mobile store!!
Love them! Pizza is delicious! Great local spot! Everyone should give them a try! Staff could be a little friendlier but the pizza makes up for it!
Every time I've gone in for a slice it's always been fresh and absolutely amazing, pizza is my favorite food and Jimmy and Joes is definitely my new favor spot I haven't gone since they started serving egees at all the sites. But I'm very excited to go have a slice and egees!
Awful the are prejudice, I  was appalled! I am reporting the tot he BBB. So they charge men for polish as well as for having a penis?  I don't get polish I should be cheaper but I guess my penis makes pedicures more expensive!!
Awesome gel manicures! Michelle treated me very well; I was very satisfied with my first visit and will definitely be coming back for my manicures here.
Good food, nothing fancy. Will go there again.Gotta try their" fish filet Mexican style", just awesome.
Small, great spot to grab great food! Love getting their breakfast. Their breakfast burritos are delicious. This place is usually not packed. It's across from Carolinas and has much better food. I don't see the hype for Carolinas actually. Come stop by Taqueria Los Angeles instead!
Place sucked, go to carolinas. Meats taste like can and they can't follow simple orders
Loved it here.. very good professionally and very warm feeling being here..I recommend it totally !
Can't go wrong with panda. Good, friendly, fast service. Food was good, went during lunch time and ordered quickly, and was outta there. Great portions too and the inside is nice and clean.
Great Food and lots of parking I would Recommend this place to my Friends , their is also lots of Business around the Area
Suuuuper slow.  Waaaay expensive co-pays.  This place is a joke.  I have been sitting in their waiting room for 90 minutes and they are telling me it will be another 15 minutes before I even see a doctor.  I can hear their staff of young delinquents laughing and yelling at each other in spanish through the walls.Save yourself the headache and avoid this place like the plague.  There are so many other better urgent care offices within 2 or 3 miles of this dump.
The pharmacy staff is very nice.  I would recommend this pharmacy to everyone.  The prices for most of the dry goods is reasonable.  Those extra bucks can add up if you pay attention to your receipts.
This restaurant had CLOSED. A new Greek restaurant has opened in the same building. Its Pita Kouzinos. Pretty similar menu. Great lunch deals- we had the gyro pita with Greek salad and roasted red pepper hummus. Tons of food, and it was delicious!
Great sandwiches, salads, coffee and free Ice cream!!Service is pretty good too only downside is the menu can be confusing for first timers
Fantastic patio area.....as long as the weather is good! Friendly service with your standard Starbucks menu.
I got the a1 peppercorn with chli cheese fries and it's off the hook . the waiter is really nice and makes sure our drinks are full and everything's fine with us which is a good thing because I tip on good service not good food . All in all Red Robin is  a good place to eat just don't expect to pay what you would pay for fast food especially since the food is far from mediocre.
Be warned get all quotes in writing.Charged 50$ more than verbal quote.Had to wait three days for a special order part.Called office to try to get price adjusted.Not going to hold my breath.Probably will remove their phone number from the inside of my garage door.Wow check in the mail for adjustment.Thank you for doing the right thing.Updated to 4 stars thank you.
Got to love a Taco Bell KFC under the same roof. I'd eat here again.  Burrito supreme is the best
My favorite pizza in the Valley. Locally owned and great food. Their pizza, wings, and salad are all great. Very reasonable lunch specials, too.
Horrible customer service. Place looks old cheap and dirty. We had a large party so we were putting tables together and the guy working there said that if we were going to move the tables that we had to put it back before we left. The guy even had the audacity to come check after we left trying to look all intimidating. Won't be going back ever. In case this helps it was a big guy with bradded hair that was the rude one. We were a large party of paying customers the least we ask for is to have decent customer service.
Worst wings ever save your money go to atl wingsI called in for my order and went 20 min later and they haven even started my order
Great food and always very polite with the service. The chicken black bean is my favorite.
kind and dedicated staff! truly amazing! Dr Melmed can speak the same language as the children and connects on a deeper level with them. Front desk staff are efficient and quick. I've never had a problem getting an appointment. I love their programs like girl talk because it helps patients learn how to socialize. Really glad this place exists it is a beacon of hope!
Never Again! Horrible customer service! Took my nephew and his wife here on 5/31, everything was great until the waitress dropped our whole order right by our table.... It was an accident so of course we understood... The part that irked me was the lack of customer service.... The manager  never came over, not even the waitress.... Until our food was ready again then she informed me the manager can give us 10% off. Whatever. That's fine. But no apology, no service, no refills on chips or drinks after the waitress dropped our food. This place is going downhill and I won't be back!
Hands down the best chinese place in the east valley phoenix area. They have sushi and different types of special depending on the day. Staff is freindly the and The place is clean.Not really the bathroom is filthy but its the best its gonna get.
The shumai and bbq ribs! And beef and broccoli! Even some of the sushi was decent. And they had real ice cream! Teriyaki chicken! And chicken wings! And chicken on a stick! And potstickers with the perfect sauce! This is where I'll come from now on when I want to eat greasy Chinese until my stomach hurts.
We really like this restaurant. The food is fresh and cooked to your order. Yummy!Wifey has a tender tummy. She was wanting some real food. Sweet and sour tofu fit the bill. Now she is happy and satisfied. Yeah!
Excellent as always.  Had my faves....crispy honey shrimp and lettuce wraps. Love how they keep adding dishes to their menu.
I almost lose a shoe every time I stop here, the floors are so sticky. The customer service is typically good, but man... Indoors and out, they need to fork over for some power washers.
Horrible pizza and expensive. Not impressed at all. My dogs wouldn't even eat it. Papa johns is cheaper and much better.
Horrible pizza and expensive. Not impressed at all. They took forever to deliver and it was double the cost of decent pizza. My dogs wouldn't eat it. Never again...
Great pizza reminds me of home cause I'm from Chicago cause to have had the one in woodridge Illinois
Awesome Mexican food, fast service at drive in or sit in and eat...try the new fish tacos, they're great, and authentic, too.
Taco Tuesday ! 99 cent tacos. Not to bad tacos little dry though. Pretty decent prices though but customer service pretty rude tome every time
SO salty. And completely over priced. The Tom yum soup is okay but the fried rice and pad see ew noodles were way too salty. I used to come here a lot but the last 3 times it's been on the salty side and this time it was way too much salty. I did complain about it and they still charged us s for something we didn't eat. I personally do not recommend this place.
Reasonably priced and always friendly. They seem to be getting better at their staffing because the nail techs are doing a much better job.I have been coming to them for at least 8 years now. The only place I go for my nail needs.
Open defiantly not closed!  and simply the best; sausage, cheese, crust and sauce. I'm from Chicago and rate it a perfect 10.
Good food, excellent service and awesome ice cream. The lemonade is made fresh and you would love their fries well done.
Baked Ziti pizza the best!  They now have a lasagna pizza, Great!!
Great food, atmosphere and customer service. Will be a regular at this place!Menu is full of choices and cooked perfectly.
Always great pizza, wings, and garlic knots, along with a friendly staff. My favorite pizza place in gilbert
Guy Fiere loves it also!!Antipasti salad and supreme pizza was excellent!!More lemonades please!!!
Best pizza in Gilbert and they have good service. I usually do take out, but it's just as good to eat their.
Everyone is so helpful, caring and nice! Amazing dentist and staff! : )I see the doctor for my Invisalign and teeth cleanings. My teeth look great and I would recommend him to family and friends any day! Thanks guys for doing a great job consistently!
I really enjoy everyone in Dr Reed's office. Iesha is especially helpful.Courtney did a very thorough cleaning and exam.Thanks to all!
Love it! But prices are a little high :/ but great food and service. The wings are the best. But again a little bit pricey . There is just one girl who always gives attitude. Over the restaurant is good! Keep it up guys you're doing great!
Best pizza I ever had!!! Better than pizza I had in NY!!! Prices were good and service was excellent!! Can't wait to visit again soon!
Pizza was soggy,  sauce is like ketchup and salad was old and nasty. I will never ever order anything here again.  I hope people read this and don't eat here.  Little Cescers is 100 times better.
This place is great! The girls are friendly and knowledgable! I've been coming here for years and keep coming back!
Use it every weekend and they are great!!! 100% Hand Car Wash and they do good with big trucks as well.
I only get my car washed here. Great service. Hand washed care. They treat my car as if was their own.  I've been coming to classic car spa for years and have never been disappointed.
A hand wash only car wash is the only way to go. My favorite local car wash. Affordable prices great service! Very quick and thorough
First time in this family owed restaurant.  Very nice people and the food was great. The owner took my order and went and made sure they made it right. My to go  ordered  was two gyro pitas and salads, they were very fresh and the taste was amazing.
My wife and I had a date night and wanted to try something different. We had appetizer, entrée, and dessert It was excellent. The food was excellent will definitely be coming back!!!!!
I love the greek salads.  They are great.  We go 2 or 3 times a month.  We had fries this week abd they were great.  They come with feta cheese and a sauce that is just perfect.
The Salsa is The Best. Great Happy Hour Prices..very nice atmosphere. I would recommend.
Very efficient staff, friendly too. Had up wait for my appointment but that's to be expected of most doctor offices.  Receptionist was friendly so was the nurse who took me in and the xray technician.  I really liked the Bill Balogh, PA, he was very friendly and made me feel comfortable.  It was my first time at this clinic but he made it A-OK!  Dr. Dohring himself was nice too, he seemed to really know right away as to what was wrong with me and gave his diagnosis along with Bill Balogh. The only negative on this place was their appointment scheduling, not conducive  for people who have 8-5 working hours...  nice staff, nice people.
The chipotle raspberry turkey on cranberry walnut is great!!The service is friendly and atmosphere is fun. It's a great place to grab a bite to eat.
Awesome staff, good people and great boarding.  Only store we will shop at-they are friendly and treat everyone like family!
Amazing Hawaiian pizza! Will definitely be back.  Pepsi products served here.   Lots of cheese and flavor.   Huge Canadian bacon!  Nice tall drinks.   Great ambience
They're always really nice (:If they're busy they make sure you know they still see you .
Quick and friendly service! They also have a lunch buffet from 1130-130, but I am not sure what it consists of, as I missed the cut off time. I miss the old Pizza Huts with the salad bar and great wings!
Great service and attention to detail. Not pushy.Erick the service manager Rocks!!! Record keeping  is awesome
Best Damn pizza in Vegas I've ever had! Not even a mile from the flamingo and right across the street from the hard rock. I had to wait to check into the westin and was craving a slice of real authentic pizza and by chance I found this little place. I got a mushroom and pep slice and a pepsi and it turned my whole day around. I had another whole pizza delivered later that night to our room however I wasnt as impressed with the lasagna pizza. But because of the earlier order this place still gets a 4
Really delicious pizza. Very warm welcoming environment. Emilio and Anna are awesome. Just make sure your very hungry. The slices are huge and the flavors are insane!!!
I love this place it's the best! Great food and experince for friends and family. If your hungry for some ny style pizza come here.
Best pizza ever. I came back from Calgary Alberta to grab a slice. A must try!My favorite is the "Meat Pie", it has meatballs on it.It is located beside the Hard Rock hotel.
Great food and good service.  Pizza, salad and pasta are all excellent.  They have a great coke machine.  I just love the food here!
Pizza is not all that great!!! Customer service is bad as well. I hate sbarros and sbarros is better!!
Love love love the doctors and staff!!! I would recommend this place to anyone! They start seeing patients as young as 3!
What can I say..I'm addicted  to Starbucks.Best coffee  and pastries. Services  is always  friendly  and always  enjoy to meet my clients,  family  or friends.
False Advertising Yelp Says Closes At 9:00 PM Store Actually Closes At 8:30 PM Get The Times Correct & Stop Waisting People's Time
Great staff. Very friendly and helpful.  Different from any chiropractic office that I've ever been to.  Staff always knows your name.
Great staff. Very friendly and helpful.  All staff is interested in your well being. Probably the best chiropractic office I've ever been to. Will come back here whenever I have anymore back issues
Great market and love the bath salts! A must go to ! The staff are very knowledgeable about their products and I wish there was more than one location otherwise you have to order all Japanese products online.
This subway is the best everyone is very nice I love going to that subway every time I go for lunch they 2 lady's there already know what I want there very fast and nice
One star tells ya all you need to know. Occasionally there is a good band but most of the time this place is just another smokey bar.
The best breakfast in the west Las Vegasthey have the best bagels in the best rap for breakfast very clean and free coffee
Best Strawberry Cheesecake in Las VegasHands down best in the city. I make it a point when i'm in town to get a slice. their cookies are great too.
Their strawberry shortcake is to die for!! A little pricey but well worth it! The chocolate covered strawberries and cookies are delicious as well!
Worst service ever...I ordered a birthday cake and was told it would be ready for pickup at 3pm on Saturday.  I get there at 2pm and no one could find the order.  After giving her the name in the receipt and order number and waiting for 3o mins they still can't find the order.  I ask to speak to a manager and she is looking for it too.  At this point after waiting almost 45 mins I am starting to get very upset.  I had the birthday party I had to get to by 4pm.  Finally the manager cone over and states they were still working on it and it was finally done after almost an hour wait.  They didn't seem apologetic at all and I won't be ordering from them again.
Don't bother. Your time will be wasted, literally. It's not even worth it. Rude owners. I stood behind the counter for more than ten minutes. I just left the groceries on the counter and left. The owner was right there the whole time and didn't acknowledge his customers that we're waiting in line. He just kept cleaning and fixing things around the store. One customer even said something. He still didn't bother to look up or hear us. Really?
Rachel makes it 5 stars, even on a super crowded n crazy UFC night like tonight! Great food, even better service. Not too much room to move around ounce it gets crowded though.
Closed for business as of now.The whole building is vacant as a matter fact.The other 7/11 is on the North end of the strip by the Ross.
Worst experience ever in a restaurant. Horrible food. Bad service. Worst possible atmosphere. 45 mins to cook pancakes and eggs? We were the only customers! No, thank you, but no. Negative stars!
Clean hotel and casino. Easy parking. But very hard uncomfortable beds!!! Great showroom to see comedy or music acts. Not much to be desired in the places to eat category. A burger place, steak house and the old Vegas standard buffet, yuk. The hotel is several miles away from the strip of Vegas but does have its own parking lot. The hotel is Western themed.  They do hold many rodeo events there and is probably great to stay here for those but we enjoy the strip of Vegas and this is to far away.
Bingo is rigged. Machines win 100000 times more than paper. Its odd to see the same winners day after day having conversations with the staff. The staff which cant smile to save their lives.
Awesome customer service and very reasonable. Same day service, in before 9:00am and out by 4:00pm.
This place isn't here anymore! This is the 5th time on our trip that yelp has do e this to is.
The worst dollar tree to go throughout the area. Worst customer service. Won't accept the q's and will give you lower value than what's indicated! Worst store and doesn't even rate a one star
Food is good. Not bad for Las Vegas Resort Restaurant. You won't be disappointed. The music is not so good. The service was okay. The decor is okay. The food was the best
Overpriced,small portions, and bland.  Need I say more?I have eaten at much better sushi restaurants for much less!  Stay away! Do yourself a favor .
The only thing better than the food is the service !Easy location, Attentive waitstaff, plentiful menu. The only struggle is deciding what to order.
i went here almost 6 months ago. Solid fajitas, decent margaritas, good service. I really remember their guacamole standing out
Dirty plates were never removed from our table. The quality and portion sizes were not worth the price. The worst Mexican food I have ever had.
Always love the lunch Buffett. The only problem is I eat more than I should! Definitely a must place to eat! Great friendly service as well!
Good food nice atmosphere. Great Ritas.  And very close to me And they are alwasys open.   You can go late at night and still have good service and good food
I just enjoyed an hour at Ricardo's!! Great food, atmosphere, and wonderful staff!!  I highly recommend this place for the entire family!!
Went for breakfast, prices very reasonable, friendly n good food! Excellent service and very fast!
Tech was very nice, love the results! Only $25 for a full set! Would of given it 5 stars but the environment wasn't very comfortable, employees yelling and speaking a different language very loud. But overall awesome!
I'm here all the time great staff love it. The breakfast is possible the best breakfast in the area. Great deals nightly on food.
Food was fantastic!.. We had so much to eat! Love my seafood.. Staff was friendly. The women's restroom are disgusting! There's vomit on the doors! Never will I ever return because of that reason.
Fast service, came here on 6/24/15 at 8:35 fresh and hot food!  Lady was very sweet and recommended the chicken tacos I never had before, amazing!
Love this office. Dr John is amazing. Quick painless comfortable office. And he has me laughing the entire visit
Awesome sushi!! The chefs are entertaining and we love our waitress. We love the creamy mermaid and their stuffed jalapenos, not sure what they are called but they are the best!!!
Happiness in the form of a refillable mug. My only slight gripe was waiting for someone to come to the counter.
It's a Subway. Nothing more, nothing less. Nice that it's open 24 hours. Staff is always friendly. Never had a bad experience.
gorgeous girls..! fully nude.. full bar.. best strip club in vegas.. call their transportation for FREE pick up & entrance..!!
Amazing food and service!!! Go- you won't be disappointed! The restaurant has a great atmosphere. The food was delish! The service is beyond great. Our waiter was on time with everything. This is a top notch restaurant with impeccable service!
Excellent! The best steak I ever had in Vegas and service is tip top! Had a great experience and the food was amazing, perfectly cooked Rib Eye. Highly recommend this establishment.
Scam scam scam scam......rip off. Dishonest. Sorry job. They gonna go out of business.
Scam scam scam scam......rip off. Dishonest. Sorry job. They gonna go out of business. They charge me 4 time what the part was worth n they told me that they mark up the part 30% because that's how the business make their money. But no 4 time. The part was 27.99 they charge me 120. It was the E brake pads. How I know because they left the E brake pads box next to my car so I took a picture of it n found it was from o'reilly. N the calipers was 60 buck they charge me 217 for it. Never ever gonna go back there again n I will not recommend no one to them
Best UPS Store in Vegas. Always greeted with a smile.  They recognize their customers and provide exceptional service. Thanks for taking care of your SoHi clients.
Best salon in Vegas!!! Go to see Ross !!! You will get exceptional service every time, and a professional cut and color. Years of experience and well up to date on every single style you want.
Very good food BUT super expansive for what you get!!!For what we ordered the price was extremely high and not realistic for this type of food and restaurant.The beef kebab was really good and the chicken very yummy. But again the price is not right ;)
Great food, great people friendly, clean place. The owner was a nice guy he chit chat with us, and he is passion it about his restaurant.
The food is great i reAlly liked the hummusAnd we had a free pita falafel for free so we really apreciate that!!i will come back!!
Big booths great for the family.  One of our favorites.  It is a bar / restaurant but the restaurant section has big roomy booths.  Sometimes we will eat here before a movie or just because we love this place.  If you get a pizza and a salad, you can easily share for two people and not over eat.  They also have great kids meal choices.  Sometimes, if you come in the evening, you will wait 10-15 minutes but usually, there is no wait at all.
This place has AMAZING FOOD! Their chicken chop salad is to die for! They also have some delicious pizza! On Tuesdays it is buy 1, get 1 free. Perfect for a simple night out
They moved my whole house 1,700 miles and nothing was broken. Done deal. They're meticulous in the way they pack your stuff. Very satisfied. I will use them again no doubt.
Awesome Customer Service Super Friendly No Complaints.... I will definitely go back I love Enterprise Car Rental very helpful
Tried a new car wash. Won't be back they weren't very good.  Didn't clean the inside very good or the outside now that I look at it.  That was $20 wasted
It's a giant television! LOL no really . Thousands of people looking up with cameras in hand , It is rumored PICKPOCKETS will be lurking so be careful don't lose track of your wallet while enjoying the show .The shows are awesome and they have really perfected this over the years really a must see in Vegas .
Great time! Way better then the strip! Great place to people watch! The slots here pay out way more then the strip. My fave was the ferris buller one. Good shops..& lots of "characters" walking around to take pics with you, we saw everyone from batman to big bird lol
Great show with Kansas and Blue Oyster Cult. Last concert for the year on Fremont.  Next is Life is Beautiful Concert. Bite of Las Vegas next week.
Great food , and amazing service I will for sure go back as a repeat customer !I think the place can be cleaned a little more but other then that it's actually great my visit was fast accurate and very fresh
Always great service!! Great food and great prices!! I always get the House Special Chicken. The Fried Wontons are great. Make sure to dine in so you get the Egg Drop Soup.
Great Chinese food at a Great price. Love the Kung pao chicken! When I first walked in I was greeted by a friendly girl she took my order to the table and asked me if I needed anything. They give you a generous amount I couldn't even finish it! They also deliver!
Food is AWESOME!!!  The singer though will put you to sleep!!!!!!!! If they bring a Dj, I think they will rock this place!
First time our delivery kinda sucked. Delivery almost an hour. Not much pride in presentation.
Always clean and courteous. Portions are plentiful. Price is right. Food is good. They stick to the basics instead of trying to please everyone with a million selections.  The only downside is they never seem to have much of the mixed vegetable side available. I understand it wouldn't be fresh if they made too much ahead of time. Maybe my timing is always off. Maybe next time it will be my time. Lol
Pizza, garlic knots, and meatballs were good. The taste was unique and excellent. Environment and location isn't too convienent.Environment isn't to good but its cool , queit, and dark.
Always great coffee and great service! We come here all the time and never have had a problem. When we bring our dog or dogs, they always get a free puppy-chino.  Considering how busy they are, service is quick.
Very nice, clean, and the librarians are super sweet. Thank you for helping. :)Is brighter than other libraries and the rooms are free and available as you call in before arrival
Put me on hold for 3-4 minutes then hang up on me. Awesome customer service, then when I call back its like nothing ever happened. I love the brand but this location sucks.
Malia is absolutely amazing she can do miracles (: went there today and got excellent assistance , they were all very kind. Took the time to do what they could to help me and was very helpful with the whole process.
Perfection every time!!! I love my Jessica she takes her time and is honest!!! I wouldn't go anywhere else...!
No bueno. I liked the fries but that's about it. Maybe I didn't order the right thing but so far I'm not impressed at all. The tables were all dirty and iwont be back anytime soon.
Extremely quick service, good prices, friendly staff!Gave me an accurate quote over the phone!
love this place! the best food & Chris is an attentive and fun bartender. the chicken avocado sandwich is great, and the eggs Benedict are perfect. highly recommend!
My daughter loves it here!  The staff is great and super friendly!  I can't say enough about this school.  The teachers are wonderful and the office staff is great too!  They do extra activities for the kids like Santa Pictures, Pony rides/pictures, Smokey the Bear even came!  Pizza Fridays are always fun, and it seems like every parent there appreciates what they do and it shows.  When you're paying good money for your child to go to preschool, you expect top-notch and that's what you get.  No parents letting wild and crazy kids run around in parking lot, tantrums, etc.  Not saying public school kids or parents are all bad, but I live by a public elementary school and I can see the difference between the way the parents handle their children and it shows in the child's actions as well.Thank you Seton for being worth every penny.  If only they could keep my daughter all the way through High School..
Love their spaghetti & meat balls ! Their four cheese raviole is also good. I also tried their Philly cheesesteak. All good!
Amazing sooooo yummy come here if u love food try it u will love the meatballs sandwich
Fresh and delicious food! We visited Vegas and came across this Italian gem. So glad we did. Love love love places like this. You can tell the food is all homemade and fresh!
Best pizza in vegas. Old school deli. Italian family biz. Love this place the pasta is old school wt gravy, not sauce. If u are near unlv then u must try this food.
Some of the best Italian food I have ever had and amazing Pizza! If you have the chance do not skip eating here!
Have the best employees out of all the 7-11's in Vegas always happy and amazing. Best slurpee flavors as well
Great customer service. Spa pedicure is done right. :-)
I am very satisfied with the work that I get from Anna and now her husband Adam. Whatever I ask for they give me and they are not expensive.  I won't go anywhere else. Even if I move to the other side of town.
Super fast lunch service. The sub was great and great. I had the spicy Italian it was fresh and priced great for lunch. I highly recommend this Subway as it was clean, fast and friendly staff.
Terribly slow and incompetent service. There was a line when I got there, with only one person serving food and taking orders/payments. It took forever for me to finally get to place my order, the manager came up a few times to help the girl find certain buttons or whatnot on the register, but then would always disappear. I waited quite a long time for my food, and watched as half of my order was prepared - then the cashier started taking the order for a large family - while my food sat there getting cold. She couldn't find things on the register - again - so the manager came up to help. I pulled the manager aside and told her I wanted my money back, since it had taken so long, and after all that waiting ... my food was sitting there just getting cold instead of being delivered. She NEVER apologized, she just said that the girl was being trained. I told the manager that if the girl was being trained, someone else needed to be up there helping her. Again, no apology - just attitude from the manager as she went to another register to process my refund. I think her name was Monica, the manager. TERRIBLE terrible uncaring service, will NEVER return. (There were at least 3 people there but only one person - the trainee - working.)
Great, friendly, super fast customer service & they have a drive-thru! (: I've been to several Wells Fargo locations & this one is by far my favorite. No ridiculous lines and long waits.
She's the korean grandmother you wish you had!!  The price is on point and the hot stone bibimbap was bomdiggity!
Great food at a reasonable price. I tried the seafood tofu soup...it's delicious. I will going back to this place!
Some of the best in Las Vegas. With great prices to boot. My Korean mothers fav spot. Nice lunch spot, great banchan tooReally nice lady who runs the place, it's like eating a delicious meal at someone's house. Highly recommended
Cold food  not a good experience. Not to mention pricey. What more is there to say, the first time we ordered pretty good. The last two times not so much.
Nice service n clean place. Open 7 am is really good for busy people. However, the price is a little bit expensive and not many coupons for their services.
going out of business!! everything is 50% off! I have been here on a few occasions and have no complaints. The are going out of business now but are still pretty organized. The service was okay, nothing spectacular. I can imagine it isn't very thrilling working the last days at a location, though. When I was there they still had party supplies, holiday stuff like new years and Halloween, and wedding supplies, too.
Fast service and great car wash! This place is hidden behind a gas station so it might be a little hard to find (well it was for me). The prices are pretty standard for a car wash, not cheap but not too expensive.
LOVE the turn out of my manicure.  It's the best I've ever had done!!  Service was great and a very clean place.
Food was great, and service was excellent.  Sides are served family style, and feed at least 2 people with plenty left over.  Quiet, relaxing atmosphere without the nonsense you find in an average casino restaurant.  CPLV is in the Four Seasons, so it is very separate from the Casino of Mandalay Bay and easy to get to without traveling through the crowded slots areas like many other restaurants.
Quick check in! Good customer service! And near the strip!Good hotel if you will be on stteet al day! overall it was a great!!
Chese mc griddles are ok, servise very poor!! The coffe decaf for everynone, from an orange pot!!
Food is excellent, great prices, nice comfortable place, highly recommend it. Lots of parking, live music on the weekends. I got the combo dish you can't go wrong delicious and filling...
Affordable, authentic Armenian  food with generous portions. Lulu Kabob is delicious! Wish they would include saffron in the rice....will request it next time.
Such a great place, food is awesome can go wrong with the combo the rice is the best part, cant said nothing wrong. who ever said that is not good must has no idea about food
Love the big meat platter. The food is very flavorful! I brought my friends and family here and they all loved it. It wasn't so busy at that time. Sunday lunch is great quiet and service was great!
Great help and service. Aaron and Jaime were great. when i deal with Jaime he gave the best options for my Q7...Cafeteria is sucks. its left with old coffee machine with long brewed coffee in it. may be they dont want to treat customers who were spending more than 50k on them.... just like the place clean and simple.
Amazing gyros and fries! Tried a few other Mediterranean. Places and this by far is the best!  Service is wonderful! It's worth the travel if your not close.
Excellent selection of character Chucks. They always have really good sells on their shoes. This is my go to place for a new pair of kicks. They pretty much cover all of the sizes from infant through adult (size 14's). I don't think I have ever walked out of here without a pair of shoes.
amazing staff.! everyone is so helpful.. sales always going on..! make sure to check out clearance section and to ask for sizes in the back if you dont see it on the floor.!
$5 per stair??? REALLY???? That's ridiculous! Especially when you have more than 10 steps up your stairs!
This may be my new addiction. The staff is very helpful and attentive. I could have spent hours in there. Hopefully, if my schedule allows, I will be able to to take a jewelry class.
Rarely do I leave not finding deals on items I could really use.  Clean store and staff is friendly.
Great food! Real authentic. This restaurant has great ambience. Prices seem pretty reasonable, there are a bunch of dishes I wanna try but for now it'll be my weekly lunch spot.
Excellent food and atmosphere!  The server is very attentive and professional!  They served us in less than 10 minutes the appetizers and our steak 5 minutes later! This is a must try and repeat!
Huge mall! All the normal stores are here as well as the high end shops. Best part is their valet service!!! Expect to walk A Lot! Food court is very plain but there are tasty  restaurants in between shops.
Over the past few years this was my go to pizza joint.  Angelina's isn't to far from my place, and it's located in a decent strip mall, where an Albertson's resides.  So, I would usually place an order, hit up Albertson's for sides and drinks, then grab my grub from Angelina's.  Very convenient!!!  But, something happened and I stopped coming here for a while.  Maybe it's because I wanted to try something new.  But, this last weekend I was wanting a burger.  And, I have always liked the burger offering that Angelina's provides.  I usually go for a Double Bacon Cheeseburger with a side of fries.  Filling and tasty.  So, I decided to come back and order one.  Here is my experience from this trip:I call in my order for my Double Bacon Cheeseburger and make the trek out to Angelina's.  *Side Note: The trip would be faster if they would open a road that goes between Vegas Valley and Sahara.  It would take a few miles off of my trip.Anyhow, I get to Angelina's and get to the counter and pay for my order.  They told me that it would be a couple of minutes before it was ready.  No problem, I don't mind waiting.  A few minutes go by and up comes my order.  They put it in a plastic bag filled with napkins and ketchup packets.  Nice!!!I get home and get ready to chow down on my burger.  I look and what is this... they forgot my bacon.  What???? I have a total love affair with bacon.  I mean, I order a side of bacon with my bacon.  I'm a little disappointed but, I'll get by - barely.  The burger is seasoned nicely, the tomatoes were fresh and the lettuce was crispy.  I also like the toasted bun.  A nice touch.  I could have used a little more fries but, whatever.  So, I say, decent job but took off a couple of stars for forgetting my bacon.  But, I'll be back!!!My tip: They have more than pizza! Sandwiches / burgers / wings! If you ever go into Angelina's on Charleston, pick up a menu.  It is extensive and has a lot to offer.
Place gets more dumpy every time I stop in.  A shame.  Kinkos was one of those businesses you championed.  Always there for what you needed and always in head of the technology curve for the technology illiterate.  The stores were always busy and they  tried to keep it clean and welcoming.  Than FedEx bought them out..  I like this one for its location, size and hours.  The staff??  I try to keep it to simple questions and simple, small words with hand gestures...  They seem to understand that most of the time.  You would think that all the land beyond the counter is filled with land mines and if they venture out to restock paper or fill the staplers, they might get sucked into a black hole, so its best to stay behind the counter and look stupid...   The customers can fill the paper in the copiers and bring their own staplers and supplies.I wish the original Kinko dude would return from his exile and fix the chain up... But he got screwed in the buyout..  Maybe that was a signal for what hey would do to the customers... ..
Good service Ron is really helpful! The staff are friendly. Helped us to print out flyers on time. Life saver, it is cheaper than the convention center. I recommend it !
Only 12 minute wait in the drive-thru this time.  I ordered a three piece and was given a two piece.
I only need the three wings to satisfy my hunger but it does not come with cole slaw so I always just order the box and give my extra strip away.Dip your Texas toast in their Cane sauce! YUUUMI wish they would open one in SoCal.
Free parking, intimate seating to the court. Reminds me of Sacramento kings basketball stadium. Most seats on first level have good angles for viewing the games. Ordering tickets by phone was such a breeze and great experience working with someone  paying attention to your needs. Only neg is the exit after events. It's a fiasco. Wait 30-45min after an event for a smoother exit. Also try using the internal roads to get out or drive towards the outside fence for a shorter line out. One other thing, if you use the  parking lot on Harmon st. It might be faster to exit out of the area.
Course is decent. Keep 1 thing in mind this a a par 3 course. Greens are hammered. Staff was cool and only $20 I can't complain, though I should have read up more when I was trying to sneak in 9 as I arrive in Vegas
Great cigars and drinks. Will definitely come back when in town. Pricing is fair for being on the strip. Sat on the patio and people watched, which is always entertaining.
Usual good, quick service. Excellent, super-friendly staff!There was no waiting. Super fast service. Definitely recommended.
Italianisimo... Everything were great ..! Great food , great service ... Great atmosphere ..Todo Perfecto , excelente servicio La
Makes a delicious chocolate martini. Stopped in for dessert. Must came back for dinner
Great pizza, great crust, superior service and friendly staff.  Was the perfect meal for afternoon at the pool for hungry teenagers.  Restaurant has been in business 11 years which is a credit to their quality given the tough economic cycle they opened prior to and survived through.
The food was ok, nothing special. But the worst part was the service was terrible. Not worth the price for the ok food and terrible service! If you do go, order the pizza.
Great food! Fabulous service! Would recommend to anyone of my friends . The staff is very friendly and the food is fresh
Fast and courteous service. Everyone here was very nice and eager to assist. I'd b happy to come back to this location. I've also been to the Rancho store where also had great service. They fixed my flat for free. Thank you Discount Tires!
These guys are awesome! Great customer service and prices.  Didn't even make fun of me when I needed help getting the right air pressure in my tires and let me know it was ok to come back periodically to make sure all was ok. Haha.
Good place to buy or have your tires check. Its fast service and friendly people.Good customer service.
Closes at 3, be sure to get the banana nut muffin!! If you want to get away from the buffets and have a good breakfast this is the place to come. They have different skillets, omelets, pancakes, and waffles. Mmmmm my friend got the enchilada omelet I think...it had this delicious red sauce that he ordered an extra side of. Its amazing how much food they give you too. He ordered a half order and still had half of it left over. It comes with these cubed seasoned potatoes. They were good but I wasn't as much of a fan of them as he was.....although I did eat every morsel on my plate. I got the sour dough toast but wish I would have got the banana nut muffin. Mmmmm they are homemade and just melt in your mouth. They aren't too sweet and and have just the right moisture. Luckily I stole some of my friends so I got to sample them. I ordered an omelet with spinach and some other veggies I don't remember in it. The eggs for the omlette were fluffy and light and just melted in your mouth. This place is great and one thing I learned is next visit I'm gonna be a little less safe and order something different for an amazing experience. The skillets really looked amazing as I watched the waitress bring them out. Ohh service was impeccable, very responsive and attentive without that constant hounding feeling. Thanks Egg Works!
Love the ciabatta breakfast sandwich! Also Sarah was very friendly and nice! The staff is always friendly and great atmosphere!
My server Amy was the best!  Great service !  She needs a trip to Disneyland! !!!The banana bread french toast is the Bomb!
Rea, thank you for the great service, recommendations and conversation. I loved the banana muffin.
Thank you Veronica great service! Fast and friendly service and great food! The perfect breakfast on a weekend morning.
Absolutely awful. I wouldn't feed this slop to my dog. Sent it back twice because it was cold. After watching them prepare it I understand why. They cook the meat far in advance and then put it back on the grill for a few minutes, slap some sauce on it and put it over steamed rice. Nothing fresh here. Move along...
I love the food!! It tastes amazing and very fresh. So glad I found them!!  It was really accidental and providential. I needed to take quick food to a New Years Party and I had nothing to take. Fast forward and that was my first exposure to Cafe Modena. They were open and delivered my order within the hour. I was beyond impressed. The quality of their varying menu items will leave you impressed (relieved for me taking food to snobby foodies). I've ordered 3 times since Jan 1st and have been pleased with each experience.
Worst smog place I've ever been too, service was terrible. Don't waste your time and go down the street to the Wal-Mart parking lot on the east side of the parking lot.
Very good. And not that crazy crowded. We all like this place. Be sure to check on this place so that you can get free drinks.We get in here at 7pm, Saturday, and it is not crowded. After 10 minutes, a lot of people came in...so, I guess the best time to get in is before 7pm.
As always, great food and even better service.  All you can eat. Had halibut tempura special that was excellent
Great service cute clean place but not good food all the sushi was not good at all . The fish was old tasting I just did t like the texture .. Our server was amazing I gave her 30% tip they where great !
Very good. And not that crazy crowded. We all like this place. Be sure to check on this place so that you can get free drinks.We get in here at 7pm, Saturday, and it is not crowded. After 10 minutes, a lot of people came in...so, I guess the best time to get in is before 7pm.
Very good. And not that crazy crowded. We all like this place. Be sure to check in this place so that you can get free drinks.We get in here at 7pm, Saturday, and it is not crowded. After 10 minutes, a lot of people came in...so, I guess the best time to get in is before 7pm. The boss is very nice. The strawberry drink is very good.
David shows great customer service! Very good experience for an accident i had nothing to do with!! A girl backed into me in a parking lot... Thanks Collision Authority!!
I ordered 1 pizza online.  It took an hour and arrived cold. No apology,  nothing.The dough is not even cooked all the way.  A very disappointing experience
Horrible. Poor service and bad food. Don't waste your time and money. This is my first Yelp review, and I usually don't complain. You know how bad it is.
Roaches...that is all that needs to be said...do not eat here, they charge way too much
Love their cold noodle and raw beef. The side dish are fresh and delicious.  Corn tea is a good form of tea. Variety and authentic korean foods
The worst BBQ ever seen. Servers are fine but the best rice is really really extremely expensive. Specialty the Beef Stew. Don't ever come here.
Enjoyed pool. Good Service!  I will come here again with family or friends. Great vacation spot!
Beautiful paintings. Must see for any age. Its a good location for window shopping.
Closes at 11pm not Midnight like website says it does! Disappointed that this location don't care enough to update website...what else is out of date?
Great staff. Clean. Organized and high quality. Best tanning salon in the area. Much better than sunkissed!
Two other offices in Vegas: North Las Vegas (Craig and Simmons) and Henderson (Eastern south of St Rose parkway)....
Very good food however Mongolia beef really spicy.  They have a drive threw located off of craig.
How is this place a resort? Only good thing was the 24 hour pool. We were here for 7 days with NO housekeeping services. Had to dump our own trash.
Customers can't use the bathroom????? We pay your bills!!!! They ran out of bread last time I was here. Usually great food but.........
Affordable and good. Plus u get a free Thai tea with check in. Yum!for the money and service, its lower 5 stars :)
Good food . Tom kah soup was great. Will definitely come back . They deliver on time. Best food delivered at my door step
Off to a great start!  Friendly, on time, fast.  So far, above and beyond service...  Tough to find a place you can trust in Vegas for collision repair.   Service King is the best!
The ultimately slowest sbux EVER!!!!!!!they seem to have plenty of employees but the speed just isn't there! Isn't Starbucks supposed to be convenient ?
Fast and courteous. Honest about pick up time.  They picked me up on short notice. Would have given them 5 stars except the driver kept talking about her blood test.
Great place!! I love my nails and toes!! Will come back again!! Prices are reasonable and everyone is friendly and courteous!!
Blah. They were kinda rude. Made a fuss that I didn't have appt.   Not coming back.Less than 24 hrs later, my polish on one finger chipped off. Geez. Cheap. (Nail finished at 3pm, noticed chip 5am the next day) I came home from dinner out and went to bed so nothing nail strenuous. I'm going back and I'm sure they will fix but what a pain.
Super clean the best nail salon in Vegas. I loved my experience here. They really pay attention to detail and they don't rush to get you in and out. I will be back :)
Horrible service outside the strip and too slow on the strip to be worthwhile.  An embarrassment to the las Vegas metro area. They only get two stars because the Deuce on the strip is not a bad way for tourists to ride a double decker bus up and down the strip (air conditioning, generally). However, even that's really slow -- but that's not RTC fault.Everything else however is. They are a terribly dysfunctional agency who's service outside the strip is HORRENDOUS with buses routinely missing their scheduled time at least 2,3 times in a row. And this isn't due to traffic (as on the strip) its just because buses don't show up (I know because I often start at a terminus, and have waited an hour several times for a bus that is supposed to run every 15 minutes). I made the mistake of buying a 3 day bus pass in advance ($20, good deal or so it seems) for a 4 day trip. By the second day I knew I had made a horrible mistake, and there was no discussion but on the fourth day I used taxis. One of the taxi drivers (without me prompting) told me how everyone tells him the bus service is so bad and how its good for him. Personally I used to just rent a car but that's one of the few things that got a lot more expensive recently in Vegas. However, if you don't drink a lot I would just rent a car, otherwise, get a taxi. Don't get the bus, it will just ruin your vacation here. And for locals, it's even worse. These are people trying to get to jobs using the bus and they can only guess if they'll make it. RTC is by far the worst bus service in the country and the US has a lot of bad public bus companies. During my three days I noticed MANY fare inspectors on the buses; if RTC just instead invested in dispatchers and technology to make sure their buses run even close to schedule they would do a much better job. For a city with so many people so close by, RTC should have an easy job running buses profitably. But like the taxi driver told me, it's almost like a conspiracy to make the buses horrible so people will take the taxis/limos instead.
Julio did an efficient and thorough job for us. Much thanks! Not only did he fix our identity theft issue, he took care of tracking down our missing tax return as well.
The manager Matt will help you with anything and is a great guy. All mechanics have alot of experience as does Matt with over 15 years experience.
I wouldn't trust anything these guys ever say or did.  their major operation is based on a lie to the customers. If they don't like you the break and destroy your vehicle. Thank you for throwing my front end  out . So that's why the rubber bushing was pushed . I never had that problem until i came to big criminal tire company. This is a true statement Robert Miller
Don't get the big girl she dont cut well, like it'll be crooked or some hair will be sticking out, not worth 15 dollars to fix their mistakes at home if you ask me.
Came in for my 2nd time ink cartridge! Highly recommend !!! I have a canon pg 310xl and it works perfectly fine !
Jesse was super nice! He hooked up my battery and everything. Super friendly. They just make everything so easy here. And also they don't make you feel stupid when you ask them questions about your car, which is a huge plus.
Came to outback with elementary school fiend. He owed me a steak dinner...and no, not from way back then.  The place was pretty packed, but we sat at the bar and enjoyed.  The waitress was very helpful and friendly...and nothing taste as good as a free meal...
This Sonic Drive In is just outside the strip but despite averaging only three stars on Yelp, I think it is one of the better Sonic Drive-Ins simply because their employees are incredible in terms of service, courtesy, and promptness. I couldn't believe how they bend over backwards to zoom out on roller skates and get you your order quickly or provide you with refills, etc. I mean, granted the food isn't all that great, but their service was way better than what I experienced at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon! Tip: 1/2 price shakes after 8pm
$25 dollar minimum for credit card3.5 starsL'elysee Bakery is hit or miss. I've been here a couple of times on my way out of the supermarket to try and pick up so sweet treats. I've gone when they've just opened, when they've been opened for a couple of hours and when they've been opened almost all day. For me, the best selection is when they have only been opened for a couple of hours. I went the other day around 1030 and there were some super duper fresh items. Like the pineapple bun with filling inside and I actually got a mini trio of the (Custard (which I normally get), red bean and taro) because it looked that good. I also decided to give their egg tarts another chance as it was just baked fresh at 9 am. Yep, this time everything hit the spot. Even the egg tart which I didn't like last time because I thought the crust was so thick and hard to eat was a lot more edible this time. There seemed to be a lot of empty spaces but there were girls putting buns in bags and on the table. Overall L'elysee is pretty good but make sure when you go when their stuff is fresh or else you might be a little disappointed.
Absolutely terrible-- our entire party was joking at how bad it was. I had the veal and couldn't finish it even though I was still hungry. No one like anything.
I always look for their section of coupons in the mail because they have the best sales! This Food 4 Less is not bad looking at all, it's very neat and organized. The only down side is that you have to pack your own groceries, but HEY with their prices why not?! The staff is very nice and if you have any questions they do help you. We always get our meat here because like I said before their prices are great. The name speaks for itself. I love this place!
One of the best Chinese food places on the North Side. Huge plates and fast.  I've been coming here for years and the food is great. If your in the area this is a must go to spot.
Excellent customer service Candace was wonderful. Great checkout experience. I will come back just because Candace made it enjoyable to shop.
Great food. Nice portions. Amazing chips for you salt lovers. This area of henderson does not have a lot of restaurants so this a welcome addition. I look forward to coming back again for the chicken fajita's.
This place is so inconsistent I stopped going there.I wanted to have a good close Taco/Burrito place close by and was pretty happy when they opened, but after 6 or 7 tries I gave up.They don't get very busy so Im guessing thats why they are so inconsistent.
I really like the food here. The place is clean with reasonable prices. Good stuff.  I like their tacos and enchiladas. Better than most.
got my conch pierced!! thanks johnny. make sure u call ahead to see if he is in! he's the best! answered all my questions and I barely felt a thing :)
Love the location! Nice & clean! The staff could be a little bit more nicer when it comes to ppl waiting patiently for their drinks, but other than that - it's great!!
My husband comes here to get a haircut and he goes to KENTE, and its always perfect! The barber shop is big and clean and a laid back one which is a good thing because it makes customers feel comfortable.
our dog chewed up a hose in our washing machine! grrrr-we went over here with a lot of clothes and--- just because we were finally getting out to a laundry matt--  a whole bunch of blankets, sheets, pillow cases, etc.  we came in and it wasn't busy at all.  lots of people were coming in and out actually picking up laundry that they left to the laundry matt to have done for them.  lots of washing machines-- different sizes for small to extra large loads.same goes for dryers.   it's kept very clean, and if you have any problems or questions- there is a very nice gentleman who will answer every and all questions that you have.  it's located in a shopping area-- and there's a park across the street!  So if you got the kiddos with you, and you have a supervising adult handy while you do the laundry, it's very convenient.  we've since replaced the tube--- but II will frequent this place to wash my comforters!
Free wi-fi available while you do the laundry.It's like any other laundry place. They had flat screens up on the wall, so that made it easier for time to pass by. There was a girl in there that asked us if we needed any help. That was cool because in other places, there no one around. If you don't have the time to sit around and wait for laundry, there is also the option of dropping off your laundry to get done. They charge $1.99/lb. Maybe next time I'll try that out.
Don't waste your time. I searched and search and could not find this place. But if anyone does find a good bakery , writing about it in a review/ tip would be beneficial to others .
Kind've smells like an ashtray in here. The open floor provides no intimacy if you're just here to dine. They don't have the split pea soup like the location on Regatta and I came for the special and they have none left. The waitress is pretty nice, but she hasn't told us her name so I can't mention it at this time. I think I'll go back to the one on Regatta.Ok, so my cell service doesn't work at the table and they don't offer wifi. The coleslaw was soggy and they offered my girlfriend a plate for her to have a portion of my ribs and it was dirty. I watched the chef come from the back and hug a woman with gloves on and I'm pretty certain he's back there cooking with the same glove he touched this woman's jacket with. They also brought my lady some fries that are noticeably undercooked.
Not much waiting if you make an appointment online. Maggie is the best!!! Her Customer Service is great and she's very knowledgeable. My visit was quite enjoyable and I got a great deal. I've had Sprint since 2001 and haven't had any problems with them.
Service is bad, very overpriced for it's value. If it was better service I'm sure the food would've tasted slightly better. A second cup of water would be nice too.
Go play bingo! Didn't think I'd enjoy it but it was so much fun!! & their deli food is delicious. Recommend the wings. Can't really comment on anything else though.
RV PARK, has a separate entrance.WiFi.  Pets cannot be over 35 lbs. NOT for us. $32/ night.$180/ week pull thru.Cost is up to $650 a month, including utilities. add 12% tax.
Favorite to go to move theater. Small, cozy, clean auditoriums. IMAX available. Kids Quest next door, so you could still catch a movie thats not so great for children.
Went here because it was the only pizza place near by open late. Price was average and the food had no flavor. 711's pizza tastes better and is a lot quicker which is pretty sad.
Great pizza! Open late and fast delivery! Great coupons, too! :-) ordering for the third time and its been consistent. The crust is not hard and just the right thickness. I havent tried anything but the pizza. But we really like it!
Makeup/Hair/Lash special for $35? What?Yes, my friends, I have had to become all girly for some events, and trying to find someone on short notice that I can trust and won't charge me an arm and a leg is apparently a tall order...or is it?I was frantically searching, as I needed to get done up for one event that I worked, and I happened to find that other Yelpers had reviewed this spot.  So, after calling and making an appointment, I found out that they have a Homecoming Special that they're running for the entire month of October: $35 = updo, lashes, makeup application (not airbrush).  They recommend that you don't try to walk in for this sort of thing, as they do get booked up toward the end of the day on the weekends.  I worked with Brittany and she was amazing.  If anyone knows me, I'm a tomboy/anti-girl when it comes to hair and makeup.  Pushups/burpees = yes, makeup and hair = fail.  So,  I trusted my stylist and voile, she made me into a new person.  I liked the fact that she asked me what I wanted to have done to my hair, gave me tips/recommendations, and she also made sure to ask me what type of makeup (look), as well as lashes were appropriate.  The service was phenomenal and I was excited when they rang me up for $35.50 (tip had to be given via cash).  It was worth every penny, and the girl even gave me some tips as to how to fix my hair if it messed up, how often to touch up my makeup, and where to go and get some alternatives (Walgreen's).  All in all, I'll be back.  Thanks so much...professional every step of thee way :)
This church has changed my life forever grateful for our Pastors 4 experiences,  Saturday 6pm and Sunday 8am, 10am 1145am.
This guy Peter does  not return phone calls very unprofessional..do not deal with this jerk
Worst sushi I ever tasted.  Will never go back.  The egg plant was green and undercooked.  My mistake for ordering it before it sat and cooked all day.  $16 for those two items and a bottled tea.  Guess I shouldn't complain when my wife paid $25 for a burger and fries next door.  Some Vegas places just want to make sure they never get repeat business.
Best Chocolate in Vegas!!!! Every time I come to visit, I make sure we stop in to check out the new flavors and pick up my favorites.
Great place love the food they serve!!! Always fresh when I go there!! Has 2 TV that plays the current TFC show..Nilaga is always the bomb!! And the Turon always sweet
2 out of 10 tellers working on Friday afternoon. Not wise scheduling on management. Friendly service though.
Love this store and can't say enough about the owners. Great variety of merchandise, wide range of anime, toys, hello kitty, house decorations etc. My new go to store
I ordered the Chimichanga chicken by it self with sour cream and guacamole. delicious  food
La mejor pizza de las vegas para comprobarlo tienes que ir no es un cuento ok good byeeee
My uncle and I served in the armed forces to protect this country, we went here dispite my own dispise for this place on veterans day. My uncle asked if they were doing anything for Veterans today and they said no! Support your veterans! Loosers!
There is a new manager here, best McDonald's in town since Joyce has been there. Place is clean, service is fast and always correct. People are friendly there.
Great wings and best place to watch football ! Clean . Nice staff, great giveaways! If you don't like a loud sports bar scene this place is not for you!
Love the breakfast tacos!!! Great beer selection, and amazing bar staff! Stop in any night of the week and it is always full. If you are a gambler they will always save a seat for you. Also, there is no better place to get food late night.
The server with a Mohawk was having a hard time tonight. Forgetting to put orders in and breaking glassware. This might be his final shift.
Great food ordered some seafood fried rice.. and it was great.. would say too put more pics up so we can a nice full menu with pics
I love the lettuce wraps! I love the lettuce wraps. Mmmmmmmmmm. Great place for a date.
So far not impressed with this place. I've spoke to at least 4 people today and most of them with borderline rude, and none of them were able to help me with my inquiry about becoming a new patient. I guess they don't need my business! I find it very frustrating that I called several tmes and none of them were able to answer any of my questions.
Best seafood in the city! Love it here! I haven't had anything that has been bad from here. My husband and I have been here quite a few times. Last time we had the fisherman's platter and rib-eye steak. Both were fantastic! The fried scallops and fried shrimp were amazing with the dipping sauce they give. The only thing that irritated me was the fact the waiter wasn't paying attention to our drinks. I like for a waiter to notice when I finish my drink so I can get another one. I guess it was a busy night so he was running around. However, he gave us two free desserts at the end. One was chocolate cake and the other was the key lime pie. The chocolate fudge cake was a bit too rich for me but the key lime pie was AMAZING! This is definitely a place to visit when you are in Vegas!
Seafood salad is super good u gotta try it $19 is worth lobster shrimp an crab u cant go wrong wit dat
Great experience! Highly recommended! Had a party of 11 people and everyone enjoyed themselves and the food.
Our last meal in Vegas just right from raw oysters to wedge salad finally the filet minion medium rare hi believe ably good thumbs up joe
My favorite restaurant in Vegas! King crab and petite filet are always wonderful. The service is always a home run!
Excellent food and service from Troy! I will definitely eat here on my next trip to Vegas.  Expensive but worth it.
constantly busy but the staff is pretty quick with your drinks.  I always get a simple ice coffee with hazelnut, however some days the coffee just doesn't taste right so I suggest don't go for ice just get a regular cup of coffee.
Great view! Good lighting! Sets the mood makes you wanna dance! Was here with a group of friends and had a really good time! We had a table in their vip area.. Attentive ladies and too good of drinks to say the least.
Happy hour specials from 3-6pm.I ordered the chicken and baby back ribs. I found both meats to be quite dry. Sides were over drowned in butter.  Not my preference in BBQ.Service was fast an friendly.Woman's bathroom needs renovating, it's beat to hell and kind of smelled.
So so many hidden fees!  Don't believe ticket prices on the website. You should expect $10~ 15 as a hidden fee per ticket.
Best food in town! I could eat here daily. It's a cafe' style restaurant and stays pretty busy. Try the Chicken Souvlaki plate! Rice, salad, pita, and juicy chicken scewered.
My favorite greek food restaurant in Las Vegas! They have the best gyro meet in town! Everything is fresh! They always include feta cheese too. It's locally owned and the people who work here are very nice! The only downside is it only works til 8pm.I wish they worked til at least 9 and may be til 10pm Fri and Sat night. But always stop by here for lunch any time I'm in this part of town!
Best Greek in town outside the Strip.  I always get the Gyro Plate here for lunch.  Just sucks they close Sunday's.
Great place to meet after the sports park. Went with family and friends had gyros, chicken cababs, salad and hummus.pizza was a little dark but only on the edges. Hummus appetizer was nice fresh and served w toasted pita. Fast and made to order. Second time ead better than the first time we went.
I'm from Chicago and let me tell you that these Gyros sandwich are the best. The Greek Salad or of this world and those Greek fries and cheese.
Not friendly, tables were dirty. Food was good though... Came here before and got a salad which came with a minuscule amount of dressing, they seemed inconvenienced when I asked for more, they then gave me a second minuscule lil cup of dressing!
Favorite greek Resturant in all of Las Vegas, very family oriented quality service. Make sure to try there Yassou special
Great service! I highly recommend it! The ppl who run the place stayed open late due to us running late. Durning that time several others walked in and the gentleman still helped everyone and answered ever call. Very pleasant and understanding!
Love all the staff and dentist -- fantastic job!!  Always accommodating my crazy schedule for appointments and great help overall.
Love Elite Family Dental! I had never really found a dentist I was comfortable with until I had made an appointment with Dr. B. He has a genuine concern for his patients and you can tell his whole staff is the same. Kind, efficient and gentle (which is a super plus for me because I'm a whimp with pain in my mouth). I have been with them for over a year now and will remain with them as long as I can. 4 people from my family are also going Elite and one more getting ready to. I know the ones who already do feel the same way because it's them who recommended me to. Glad I am a part of elite family dental and a big thanks to Dr. b and his staff!
Don't expect Strip quality/style buffet. This is a local spot for locals.This place is a favorite buffet for my parents who look for local and less expensive than the casinos nearby.Service is good as expected when they serve a packed house. The food is decent and flavorful. It really reminds me of a hole-in-the-wall type Chinese restaurant with really discounted lunch specials.On this occasion, I stuck with the fried shrimp, mussels, and their version of sushi. Again, discounted Chinese food in a buffet style. No frills. Nothing special. Nothing too bad.
3 pumps were out so we had to drive around a couple times.  Gas here wasn't significantly cheaper than anywhere else in Vegas.
I usually make my own coffee every morning.  Because "Coffee is too expensive."  But this morning I was in a bit of a hurry and I made a quick stop here, at Starbucks.  I am not big on specialty drinks so I just ordered a regular drip.  It was exactly what I expected, friendly and quick service and I was gone.  So, no complaints... but no expectations.
You must try this place ! Loved it, my bartender Rafael was the best and so was jasmine . Prices are fair and drinks are the best . Plus it's right on the side of the valet
The mango salsa is FABULOUS!!! Pleasant experience!!! GREAT FOOD! Great service! Had the carnitas fajitas and they were bomb! And the waiter was amazing!!! Thanks Rodrigo!!! GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY. It will not be regretted.
I had the egg Benedict *** Good*** The service was Okay!!! Not too busy.... Easy find at New Years Day 2015.
Worst Starbuck ever....consistantly! Every time I got through the drive thru, 1 car or 10 cars it's over 7 minute wait. They mess up orders consistantly and all I get is americanos! Lol
The service was terrible at this location and the staff was very rude! Solidified my feelings about this fast food chain.
Good price, good food!  I love it! I spend 16$ for me and my daughter, everything taste fresh. Good experience for my first time at the Chipotle, my daughter want to go back tomorrow to have lunch again out there.
Terrible customer service skills and they skimp out on everything. My burrito bowl was half the size it normally is. I guess I should have stayed in Green Valley.
Horrible in every way. Worst service I've seen ever! Walked out after waiting an hour for our food. The place only had a few tables. Food was cold when it arrived so we walked out
Great place to receive your mail. The staff are cheery, efficient & helpful.   The hours are good with options available  to access mail after hours too.  Really pleased with this place.
Awesome place to get a haircut. Staff very friendly. Great customer service. All the staff are personable and engaging.Merry Christmas!!
The apple cider doughnut are amazing!!! I went for the honey and am so glad I did.  There was only a few bottles left.  Hopefully it helps my allergies and it tastes great.  You can tell its fresh honey and not the store brought quality. I will go back when it gets a little bit cooler to pick some fruit and vegetables.  oh... everyone was so friendly and helpful.
Food was good, they just forgot to deliver my drink. Then I had to explain to the driver that I did order a drink and he had forgotten it. After that, he called at around 6:45 PM to say he would deliver it after hours cause he was busy. I said that would be fine but I was pretty annoyed, then at about 7 PM I was told another driver would bring it sooner (I also had to explain that I had gotten the soda). I was fine with that. It's now 7:45 PM and still no drink. I won't be ordering from here for a long time.
Worse experience ever. They quote me for $59. Get here and say $400. They call their supervisor and keep asking for more money. Then they say oh we can do it for $200. $59 get u water sprayed on the carpet and nothing else. Don't waste your time with these horrible people.
Rob is a genius and has helped improve my health tremendously! I have listened to his advice and it's worked without fail. He doesn't try to make money of of you either. They have a great selection. The customer service is outstanding!
Rob the owner is a G. He knows his nutrition and supplements. Great prices too! Located in the southwest side of town this nutrition store is worth the drive from anywhere in the city.
Our waitress was awesome and the food great. Terrific vibe! We got served right away. We loved the garlic knots. Its also a great place to catch a game, lots of tv's.
Best Sandwiches in America.  Consistently excellent, no matter which store.  I love the Pastrami but my wife insists the Turkey, Cranberry and Stuffing is better.    Of course she's right  "Yes, Dear".
These guys are great. I've used them multiple times and have nothing bad to say. They show up on time and do a good job. The guys are friendly and personable. Prices are reasonable. They haven't let me down yet.
Small, cute place! Good food and service was great! Will be returning again soon! :)))))))
Good food but no delivery soups are awesome padi Thai very good but they need to freakin deliver REALLY it's 2015 your business would explode cuz your food is on point
Still would not recommend this location. Ever. I wish management went through these reviews because this place needs some serious work.
Quick friendly service.As far as Starbucks go, this is my favorite.  It's on the corner of Sandhill and Flamingo, in a strip mall.  My drink of choice is usually a plain iced coffee.  I'm not really big on the foo foo drinks and it was too hot to have regular coffee.I have always been given great service with a smile.  So, no complaints.
Marty has cleaned my carpets for tears. Truly a great and caring person.  There is no sticky film afterwards and the carpet looks new. Stains come out in s flash.
Max Health is great! I always leave feeling awesome. If I am getting ready to run a marathon or just unwinding after a tough work week, max health always gets me in top condition. There are always available times so it works no mater how busy I am.
Ultimate Variety Show was great!! Wally Eastwood was hilarious and the rest of the performers were amazing. The whole fam enjoyed this show, even though there was a moment or two where things got a little PG-13 lol. Definitely glad we were able to see this funny & very entertaining event. Oh yeah & if you get bored waiting in line there's a HUGE stripper statue at the Stripper Bar next door, so take some fun pictures ;)
Great fish and chips, nice batter not too heavy. The sausage rolls are a must. Great traditional pub beers and a decent whiskey selection too. The stew was lovely, a half order goes a long way!
Sashimi was not all that fresh. But the service was great!!! Pretty prices. Spent over $70 for 2 and we weren't even full. The giant clam was not firm n crunchy (if I was fresh) and it was fishy too. At least I gave this restaurant a chance.
Can't beat their lunch special, great value and lots of food.   I had their sushi years ago, when it was called Sushi Avenue (I think).  I  haven't had their sushi  since then so I can't vouch for it.  Totally a great cheap lunch spot with their special if you need a quick fix!  The ladies that work there are really nice, but it seems like they do get a bit overwhelemd during the busy lunch hour.
Good food, good service, good price!!! If you want a great Mexican meal without breaking the bank, this is the place to go:)
The service wasnt that good... Good place but didnt like the people  working there.. my first time there and its gonna be the last one
Great for serious BBQ cookers. No better place to get supplies. If they don't have it that can usually get it.  Bring you truck because you will want to buy it all.  $18.00 for a 2 cubic foot bag of 1/2 cut logs I bought almond, peach and hickory today.  There is no other place to stock up on BBQ product in Vegas.
This place took care of business for me and my mom when we needed them! So glad we found them.
The only employee on duty closed an hour early with no manager available. Obviously this shop is very poorly managed.
Great lunch and service. Ordered carnitas based on our sever's recommendation and it was excellent.
This place is still open? Wow. I would've thought it should be closed by now. Have been to this place 3 times and every time I have gone not happy with their food and service. 3rd was the charm but to not go back. Never going back to this place even if it's free.
Must get Snow Ice here!First time came here for the fluffy snow (in Chinese Snow Ice)I am always a fan of Taiwanese food so I've been hunting for a Snow Ice place for some time. The price is decent as it already includes certain toppings in the price and the consistency is similar to what you can get in Los Angeles but it could be a lot more 'fluffier'. In addition, it was a little sweeter than I would have liked it to be. Nevertheless, it probably is the only fluffy snow ice place in the Las Vegas Valley. So I would definitely come back and try it again.The popcorn chicken is even better than other Boba places in the Las Vegas Valley. Just a note: if you do order it, make sure to eat it while it is hot. Once it gets cold, it turned really hard. Second time, tried the Pudding Milk Tea w/ Boba. I love their milk tea! The boba was cooked perfectly and chewy. The best part was the pudding. Their consistency and taste of the pudding is by far the best.
Very good boba and flavors. ;) Wish they had a rewards card cause I'm always there! Avocado is fresh and not that medicine powder tasting stuff.
Quick service and the boba is bomb. I highly suggest. You will definitely enjoy any type of boba you get.
This place sucks very expensive and crappy job! I live two blocks away I rather drive 5 miles to get better service and better price !
Awesome and quick service!  I pulled in to have the low pressure light looked at and was seen right away! Thanks!!
Amazing service!! Friendly staff!! Great experience!! Went in with a tire problem and they were awesome!! Highly recommended
Extremely dirty place! Don't even think about trying it! From the smell to the floor and the tables! Nor even 1 clean table!
Tacos for $1 after 8!! They are soo good :) We live right near this bar, it is an awesome neighborhood grill, reminds me of the years I lived in Southern California! The tacos are so juicy, what do they do to those things that keep me coming back for more! And the manager is awesome and from New Jersey like me so it's really fun to catch him in there late night and shoot the Jersey sh*t!Great place :)
Always a great lunch spot!  The pick-two deal is perfect!  Cup of soup - 1/2 sandwich and an apple for $6.00.   Caution:  you can add a tasty dessert treat for $.99 !!!
Very good quality... Just wish they opened earlier. I really like their lentil and spinach soup.
Wonderful, friendly staff and of course the best jewelry! I love my wedding ring. I love both my bracelets. Especially the one i just bought at the Vegas location. Sara Sadev was our sales person. She was great! Thank you so much!
Best Starbucks in Summerlin! Employees are awesome! Always enjoy the atmosphere. Drive thru takes a little more time but worth the wait!
Always very helpful and on point.  Plus they got cute stuff to buy in there. Every type of shipping items you need, and gift options as well. They carry he Little batteries hat typically are specific to watches and such which I find very convenient.
Slowest most annoying Starbucks ever.  They seriously are ridiculous.
This is CONSISTENTLY the slowest and worst customer service of all the 50+ locations I've been too!! Anyone who follows my checkin's know's I can't start my day without a coffee. I also travel quite a bit for many reason so I have been to more than my fair share of coffee houses around the world. I hate to say it, but the Service at this location would be rated the very worst of them all. The drive thru is ridiculously slow!! There is always at least 2 or 3 cars, and takes about the same amount of time as 6+. The staff ignores you when you walk up to the register half the time while they talk about their weekend or shift or whatever. I could go on and on.... But the coffee is still a good Starbucks coffee like I'm used to, there's still free WiFi, it's close to my house and has outdoor seating. So for those reasons I keep coming back. I just know I have to have a lot of extra patience on those days.
Warning do not move into this place!!! Very unprofessional and always changing staff! Will charge you for everything they can! I would never live in any of the ovation properties again!
Las pupusas were amazing! The staff was great, and the restaurant was very clean. I'm a vegetarian and there were plenty of yummy options for me!
Always come out of here happy and looking on point. Thanks, Andy! Went in for a fill and color.
Good general relaxing casino....outdoor concert venue is great.Staff is friendly....rooms are clean.
Victorys Cafe inside Cannery Hotel & CasinoWaiter w/letter J did not service us like he did his surrounding tables.  They got extra napkins, conversation & especially did not get their check before they were finished no dessert offered. ..it happened  to us which resulted in poor services...NO TIP!
They are great and work with.  The front desks ladies are awesome! Love this place.  Came back and they still remembered me.  Waits are always short.  The doctor and very nice as well, and answers all your questions.
Dollar Pizza and two dollar Big Gulp and Big Bite Combo.Enough said.I come here daily since I have a lease at Loft 5 and it is just great service all the way around and no lines at all. Pumps all work.
Wouldn't come to this location... They care more about closing then customer service. Didn't even get a chance to even try the food.. I'll try a different location next time
Awesome service, awesome atmosphere, great food!  Loved it.  Got the Blackened Mahi Sandwhich and asparagus.  Delicious.
Atmosphere on the back patio was great. Fish and chips were divine. The Magners cider was just what this girl needed on a hot October eve.
Order the chicken fry rice!!! the best you'll ever have!!!
Try the fresh fruit slushes, they are AMAZING!!! I ordered the green apple my home girl ordered the avocado and my other home girl ordered the banana. We all did the old school yet very effective straw dip tap the top and sip. Each slushy delicious and refreshing on a hot Vegas day. My yelp coconspirator MS. Ray order food, if you would like to get the scoop on what's delicious and worth trying check out her review as well.http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=kd04Y_VyQzuEhKyvhCsPXQ&q=veggie+delight
Tons of great items.spicy Crispy fake chiken sandwich and slushes are awesome. Chill spot
The employees here are buying illegal perfume from theives. Do NOT patronize this restaurant. They have been crooked for years.
My new favorite breakfast place!!! Great service and staff is awesome and friendly! Food was excellent!
Fast service! Yummy food! This is a really cute brunch place great meetup for friends and families!
Gotta hit this place every time we come to Vegas! It's that good. Every body at the table loved what they ordered.
No waffles, what kind of breakfast place is this? Lol.   Eggs are pre mixed unless you ask for country scramble.  Server told manager and they comp my breakfast. I was Not looking for that at all.  I would give it another try.  I will tip nicely ; )
it was really good & i loved the silver dollar pancakes !!! Really good sized portions as well .. i had scrambled eggs, potatoes, bacon, sausage, a bagel and a short stack of silver dollar pancakes .. it was really yummy and i have no complaints !!
My children have been attending for years, I wouldn't take them anywhere else! They have learned and grown so much and have made so many friends! I toured so many other preschools before deciding this is the one!
My children have been attending for years, I wouldn't take them anywhere else! My daughter is 10 and has been attending since she was 18 months. My son is 4 and has also attended since he was 18 months. We love the teachers and staff. Creative Kids is wonderful!
I like when stores are in large plazas with plenty of parking. This is one of those plazas with mid-priced stores like Stein Mart. The lot is semi-well lit. It's going on 7pm and the place is almost empty on a Friday night. We just had a question about a feature on my partners Galaxy phone and they were friendly. We ended up being told we should come back the following day because they weren't sure if this would extend after closing time. I appreciated the honesty (a guy at a competitor store once pretended to work on my phone instead of  admitting if he started the work now he might have to stay late).
Seems cool so far man. Was a great hamburger good service and friendly people everywhere. I had a few nice cold ones and a excellent hamburger.  Only problem I had was I am a ex-smoker. And had to take a shower when I got back to the hotel because of all the cig smoke! But it's Vegas and that's to be expected I guess. anyway I wont go back simply because of the smoke but the food and service was great.
Jaisha is a must see. She's awesome. Although a student she pays attention to detail and when she graduates and goes to a salon I will be following her.
What is it about Sonic that screams "our customer service sucks"? It doesn't matter which one we go to or what we order there is always some punk kid walking out giving us attitude because they got the order wrong or didn't hear us mention the coupon we have. Tonight was no different. We walked up to the menu board to order and the first thing my wife mentioned was that she had a coupon for $2 off her purchase. The guy talking the order said "ok" and asked what she wanted... easy enough right? Nope, not for Sonic as the guy came out with her shake and asked for payment... when he saw the coupon he stormed back in (With the shake) and when he came back his first words were, "Next time you need to tell us you have a coupon when you place the order". Hmmmm, I thought we did that... The place gets 2 stars because my wife loves their milk shakes.
Awesome service, food and atmosphere!!! The waiter was very friendly, attentive and efficient.. I can't say enough about the food... It was delicious from the bread to the appetizers to the main dish. My party seated promptly, and I loved the wine selection
Great service, friendly people and delicious food. Definitely a must try. This is coming from a Greek girl too ;p
There's a taqueria counter inside for your taco and nachos fix, but steer clear of their produce- it looks like it's seen better days. There is a massive selection of herbs and spices, and a decent seafood/butcher counter, with pre-marinaded ceviches, asadas, and fajita meats. Huge seasoning selection, as well as fresh mexican cheeses.Pricing is mostly on the low to reasonable end, with the taqueria counter being the best bargain: the lengua and chicken didn't impress, but the carnitas and asada are good quality. Menudo is available on weekends, breakfast burritos for $3, and the nachos are enough to feed a family for only $5. Counts against them that their "fresh" guac is brown, though.
I love this place! I have to admit that we eat the cheesecake more often then the food, but isn't that what the place is named after? My two favorite flavors are Pineapple upside down cheesecake and red velvet cheesecake. I love that there are a ton of creative flavors and you aren't stuck with the boring East Coast Mentality of... plain cheesecake with cherry filling on top, its the only way because it tradition! (they do that have that one too) As for this location, we like to sit at the bar. Its always easy to walk in and get a seat at the bar even when the place is packed. We find the bartenders full of life and very friendly. An important detail for me is that my drink is never empty... its just a good sign that your server is on the ball.
Good place for lunch. A bit overdone because they are everywhere but consistent.  Wait tone seems to be long but I think it's worth it.
Had the best tasting salad ..every time i have ever came here to eat i have liked what i got how it was made and the service i really don't have anything bad to say i enjoy meting my friends here
Hostess suck next time I'll wait in Caesars palace were party of 10 got it early almost half of the place inside still empty hostess said just a minute after that went to 15minutes then end up 30minutes everybody came before us are all seated
Good food not great. . The portions seem smaller and prices higher.  Just not as good as it once was.
9 in. Bobbie is $8.65 including tax.  This is such a great deal for thanksgiving in a sandwich!The cranberry, mayo, stuffing and shredded turkey are just to DIE for.  If you haven't had the Bobbie, you haven't lived.  I remember first having a Bobbie in 2000, so I've been living for 11 years now. :)The employees here are very friendly, the store is always clean and has the typical Capriotti's decor. The food comes rather quickly and for this location, I've seen it very busy, but always had a place to sit.I like the fact that this Capriotti's is nestled into the shopping center where there are a lot of other food choices, including: Yogi's Teriaki, Long John Silvers, KFC, Taco Bell and Robertos.This location is a winner.  The food is consistent and the value is awesome.
Super efficient, friendly spot.  Free coffee to boot.  Stopped in over lunch to wire funds in escrow and was in-and-out in less than 10 minutes.
This place is amazing no place can get the salt and pepper pork chops right for me. It's always clean and quite and they give you the little chip thingy with sauce as appetizer. What else could a man ask for other then chicken wings lol.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! The lady is always so sweet and the flor de queso is to die for. Best panaderia in Las Vegas area
6 regular tacos for $4.18!!! What a deal and so good too. Oh and I forgot to add the Medium drink, so 6 regular tacos and a drink for under $5.00 can't beat that deal!!!
Very good customer service, very thorough! I've been coming here since I moved to Nevada, won't trust anyone else.
Stunning, trees, shade, four pools, tennis. Stylish and military discounts. Super place.
The staff are very friendly.  I would recommend this place they do an excellent job.  I took my parents here and both of them are content :) ty
Very rude and unprofessional scheduling department for both locations. They canceled 3 appointments due to their inability for not knowing which doctor was covered by my insurance. Finally, one months later made appointment with right one. Hopefully doctor is better then the scheduling people.Will update my review after I see the doctor Doctor was nice, took his time and explained everything very well
No kiosks at this rental agency.  The rental car in Los Angeles had almost no air conditioning, but the car in Las Vegas was brand spanking new.  Both cars were the same Fullsize class too, so what you receive is really hit or miss.
This was my first time there, It was an amazing experience totally satisfied with service and hospitality. Totally worth the money.
Outstanding work done by a very friendly staff. I've had my car back from them over a month now, and my vehicle looks just swell!
Staff sent me and my daughters on our way bcuz they were busy.  The lady said come back in 15 minutes we busy. Won't be back
Great Mani Pedi with Robert! Brought my friends from out of town. We all had pedicure's and what a great massage! I also get my brows waxed here.
Love their cheesesteak....................So good.........Needs to be longer?......
Got in at 10am was gone by noon with my Mercedes!  Russ Mitchell was a great sales guy.
They have really fast service and the food is always warm always friendly  I like the fact the manger personally takes the food to you and treats you awesome .  He also gave me a whole bunch of coupons
Challah Bread, spinach, pumpkin bread as free samples. Come here now!I have never felt so welcomed walking into a business.  We immediately walked in and started to look at the bread that was on the racks.  There was one cinna-swirl loaf left and we pounced on it.  We also looked at the menu and found out they had Challah Bread, but they didn't have any out.  They just finished making it and brought a loaf up and gave us a taste.  We were cut a huge piece and it was heavenly.  We also were handed spinach and pumpkin bread too.  One of the bakers asked us what we were going to do with the Challah bread, make french toast, or eat it plain.  We said both.  She gave us a choice of the braided bread or the loaf.  The staff was really helpful, the place was clean, and with a check in you get a huge cookie.  I recommend this place.  Places like this are the reason that I enjoy giving out great reviews.  Please check it out and have some yummy bread.
I love all of the fresh bread. The fact that they give you free samples is a plus! They also have sandwiches and coffee. They do special breads per day of the week.
Great lots of options and clothing and a good location I the Las Vegas area on my side of the city there is lots of clothes,
Did oil change and smog great job. They were very fast and costumer service was amazing.
Such a horrible yelper..been coming for awhile now. Great little spot for a good lunch. Don't forget the tempura. The portions are a great size in my opinion. I have tried everything there except the shrimp and have no complaints. My personal favorite is the chicken/beef bowl with vegetables.
Great food,  made to order, No disappointment here. I was a regular customer of the Wing Stop in Roseville Ca. moved back to Vegas in 2007 and had forgotten about their great wings. Having a craving for some real wings, I typed "Best Wings " in Vegas on Yelp and found a local Wing Stop, My wife and I visited the store on Sunday evening and was blown away by the service, quality and taste of the food. Wing Stop is not fast food, if you are in a rush; you will be disappointed, if you want fresh great tasting wings slow down and enjoy!. My doctor may be reading this post, so I won't disclose how many I ate.
Horrible slow service. Lazy , rude workers. Lie about wait times. When I went in one girl at the register, 2 others in the back cleaning. Nobody was making any food and place was filling up with people. I guess the girl at the register was only one attempting to make any food that's if she had 5 min between customers
This place is now called T & A Nails. I came in for a basic pedicure, which costs $25. Since I'm from LA, that is a little more than what I'm used to for this type of nail salon but the extra touches may have made up for it. First of all, I walked in on a Friday around 2pm. They already had two other people getting pedicures, but they called another woman from the back who seated me and got started right away. They seem to always do their pedicures at the massage chairs (+), and separately do manicures at the table stations - since this is what they did with the other two who were there before me. They had a large flat screen TV turned to the food network (+). The pedicure included a massage of my shins and calves that was much longer than what I expected - so it felt more like a "spa pedicure" (+). It has been about a week now, and I'm pretty happy with the quality of the polish since it still looks great! I'm still shopping around nail salons, but I'll keep this one in mind.
Guys came this morning. Worked quickly. Good customer service. Good price. Carpets look brand new. Will use again. Thanks!
Great store, wonderful things. Reasonably priced and very honest! The most help staff.
They have good prices on lv bags and lots to chose. I will be back in again soon to check their shoes and clothing. Its my new to go store
This is amazing. Great staffs and food. We get treated like family every time we walk in. Ions the service and the food.
Went for parent's anniversary mostly as we had a certificate from Groupon.  Sea bass was fantastic.  I typically don't like sauces but it paired perfectly. Creamed corn was awesome. Pass on the creme brûlée.Located by the convention center and usually don't go to that area often.  Overall was decent but probably won't make it back unless we have another coupon.
Try the "Lady Fafa" martini..yuuuummmyy!!  Okay it's taken me sooo long to write this review..but let me tell you.  We had a great opportunity to sample most things on the menu, including the lamb, the ribeye, the sea bass with the truffle butter and almost all the sides.  Very good..EXCELLENT service..the sous chef came out to greet us and tell us about our dinner.  He was very kind and generously spent time with us.  We love our night out at Envy.  Perfect for a romantic night or a fancy business dinner.
the best fire arms instruction available anywhere! Mike Barnhart was very professional and friendly which made my training experience a positive one !
Place is closed. Just got here. 7/29/15. Nothing on yelp signified that it had been long closed.
Very nice place- good food and good service ..They were ready to make vegan and pure vegetarian dishes .They finished the meal by giving us oranges.  Neat!
Very clean, and delicious food! Love it:-)I recommend this place:-)) loved the Mongolian chicken and the vegetable soup. Can't wait to come back and try new food from their menu.
Everything is great and Penn is the best. Delicious food! Homemade curries! Try the green tea buns. Yum.
This was great, more food than I could handle, but I tried anyway. Curry is home made and super good. Staff was great and very nice. We actually went twice on a 4 day trip, and next time we are in Vegas, we will again.
Holst was so ripped off by John Williams...and I love them both anyway! The Philharmonic is always amazing!
Saw sister act from balcony seats. Loved the play. Seats could of been a bit more comfortable view was good. First time at this venue, experienced the founders room for appetizers and cocktails. Nice art deco style made me feel like I was placed in the times. Almost a titanic feel.
It is a beautiful place, slightly large for a Broadway musical, but still beautiful.  We always love coming here.
The price for a 5 star hotel was good, cheaper than other places, but there is no casino. Sorry, did not know that it was just suites. Went to our room and thought that the room was nice with a small kitchenette and a pull out sofa-bed, where 4 people could sleep easily in the room. Bathroom was nice with a tv of course.Ordered breakfast which was delicious except for the bloody mary's which was way too peppered.Only reason for three stars is because House keeping is a failure!!! The air-conditioners in the rooms were controllable, but the room was really cold, even though we had turned off the AC.Called housekeeping to ask for some blankets, they sent us thin sheets- called and told them we got thin sheets- they said we should've asked for a thick blanket. So we told them to send us the thick blanket and it didn't show up at all. We called them up probably 10 times but it never showed up. Every time the same answer saying we are sending it BUT IT NEVER DID!!!
Great staff beautiful property and check out the resturrant DJT you will enjoy it. The concierge at the Trump a very helpful.
Love this hotel. It's classy and clean! Great service and we especially enjoyed  the breakfast!
Family and I had a great time with courteous staff members. Most suite hotels we use offers some kind of welcome drink like the Westin so maybe Trump should look into that.The valet made our life a little easier to go in and out without worries of finding a parking spot.
Great fresh sushi. Definitely will be coming back. No alcohol, However  you can BYOB. :)
Awesome sushi spot. Very low key atmosphere.We had the California Roll and Shrimp Tempura. I definately recommend stopping in for a nice roll!
Amazon food, super friendly staff. Love this place! The baked salmon roll was amazing! There's s something elegant about the simplicity of Hana. They stick to the basics. Good food good service. I'll be back for sure. Also the byob concept makes it a lot of fun. ;]
Very good food, very nice atmosphere, courteous staff, great location. Their burgers  are very big, and juicy! Great wings, and fried pickles! I will definetly frequent this place. Bill wasnt nearly as much as i expected, for the amount of food ordered.
Attending the AAEC fund raiser with Sheri and Holly Johnson, Mel Richards, Edie Darr, Judy Miller, and Tim Anton
Best Korean restaurant near campus!clean, delicious, kindclose to real Korean traditional food
Absolutely delightful! I had the Bimbimbap and pajeon. The homemade seaweed bonchon is intimidating but definitely try it!
Try the banana chocolate whip , it's soooooooooo goooooood !!! The best brunch I've ever had before !!!!!!!!!!
Delicious. Friendly service, great food & drinks, and clean! Highly recommend. High corkage fee so we just bought their drinks.
Kind of hidden behind the Treasure Island coffee shop. Very good food. Some of the better Pho we have tried. Not fancy but high quality and great tasting food.......UPDATE 1/27/13.  Returned here to Pho last weekend and must say the quality has gone way down!   Smaller portions, very bland flavor. We will not return. We will venture off the strip to one of the more authentic Pho or Ramen places around Vegas, there are a lot of them.
Friday nights are the busiest. Also there are coupons for 3 games that u can get from south point. The coupons for 3 games and 2 pairs of shoe rental was around $17.50. The facility is fairly clean for a location that deals with lots of kids. The drinks at the lounge are little pricy, but late night happy hour rates are pretty cheap, specially for drunk bowling. I did notice that there were some glitches in the software that was tallying the score, but it only happened for one game. This could be an issue if you a competitive person like me. :-)
We came on Friday around 5pm and they had a lot of lanes closed. Get here early and get a number. I guess they clean the lanes from 4-6 so a lot of them are closed. It took us about 45 min to get a lane. The bowling alley was very nice and clean. All the staff were very nice. The prices were reasonable. $3 a game. The only problem was the wait, so I plan on trying it again at a different time.
Horrible lanes with lacksadaisical customer service. Try to avoid.  Prices are about the only decent thing about this place but in general, you're better off at a place with kinder people.
If you like bowling and saving money, then come here. Food and drinks are also relatively cheap.
Great food tonight had 4 different rolls Plenty of food and at a good priceWe also ordered a salad it was bigger than expected
Filet mignon is delish! Big portions! Fun show! Didn't catch the shrimp in the mouth though :( (just a tip, chairs are not comfy if your legs go numb easily)
What can I say!  I have been riding this for YEARS!  I absolutely love this ride!  The daytime is more scary and the night more beautiful.  If you go to Vegas, you have to have this experience!  It is so worth the price!  No ride like this at an amusement park can come close to this experience!!!!!
another one of my great finds! just like firefly. delicious!  if ur in vegas, def plan a pit stop.
In essence...No AYCE. Overpriced because it is so close to the Strip. $60+ with tip for 2 people.My husband and I managed to land here for sushi on a Friday night. We did this because the line for Yama Sushi (which is my fave sushi spot in town) had a line waaaay out the door and to be honest I just did not want to wait that long. So. Enter Kaizen, which had good Yelp reviews, but alas, was somewhat of a disappointment. First with the good, the place LOOKS fabulous. Dark exterior, plays with lovely lighting and the tables are large with good spacing. Dinnerware and presentation is superb, but it better be since this place is so close to the Strip. Customer service is so-so. Although the entire staff yells as people enters/leaves, our service with food to our table was only okay. I ordered a hot green tea and it was brought out in a large cup, which I dislike because I enjoy my tea HOT. As it sits uncovered it cools down quickly and not once did a server ask to refill it. I prefer smaller cups and pots of tea for this reason.Ordered:- Edamame - California Roll- Tuna Roll - Shrimp Roll- Spicy Rainbow Roll- Spicy Tuna Hand RollPluses - size of rolls at least (kind of) make you not feel so bad about how much you are paying and that you cannot get AYCE here. PLUS, again, presentation is great and sushi is very good quality. The only qualm I had was with the Tuna Roll being a bit on the warmer side when it arrived at our table than I would have liked.My husband is a super picky sushi eater (hence the very plain rolls we had). The place does have some interesting rolls, the spicy rainbow roll was decent, and large, I'm glad I ordered it as it did fill me up.BEST - Edamame, just stinking amazing for some reason. Served steaming, with a good amount of salt, and a LARGE portion.Not the best... again, price wise you can find just as good sushi elsewhere and Vegas, except you don't have to pay for the atmosphere and Jay-Z music videos in the background.... HOLY GRAIL!!!
Take your time and enjoy the experience... Great sake choices too ;D  It's been a while since I had really great quality sushi; thanks to Mel!  All their rolls are done exquisitely and with great detail.  The menu does provide you ample choices so you should listen to your gut and instincts to choose what you should have.  All in all, the service is extremely attentive and prompt.  If you're not getting your food quick enough, it's most likely due to your indecisiveness in selecting what you want from the menu.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself and would make the effort to wander off the strip to eat here again.  If you're staying at the Hard Rock Casino, it's right across the street in the same complex with CVS.  Enjoy, eat sushi, and please drink some of their wonderful sake too.
Sushi is great! Good quality food. Restaurant is nice and clean. Absolutely loved the Strawberry Mochi!!
Teriyaki chicken bowl you can't go wrong ! I may have had this dish about a dozen times . It's big very filling and extremely tasty . For the price you definitely can not go wrong .
Been here since it first opened..  Still good to this day.  Love the music video playing..  Also enjoyed the strawberry nigori
The Casino Host put me up in a Fountain view suite on the 50th floor. Spectacular view of the Bellagio Fountains and Caesers Palace. I could see City center,Cosmo and all the way down to the The Wynn as it's the best view on the strip.
Terrible service waiting in line for 30 minutes and counting to get another key.  Friendly upon check in but room is dirty and worn.  Casino staff is short.  Much better service and accommodations to be had in Las Vegas.
I dont know what happened to my last review but l will post another one here. This is what l found inside of my tub!  A big ball of hair. Went through pure HELL trying to get 100% of my money back. I call the CEO and the founder was refunded ALL of my money back plus those $50.00 per day resort fees.Staff was unconcerned about the used condom under my bed.  They checked me into a filthy room that was mopped with dirty smelly water stains dried on the floor.( Smelled like mildew) I requested another one. They treated me like im the one with the problem. They tax the hell out of you with hidden fees. And give you substandard service and show no remorse. Take my advise and go somewhere else.
Good food. Attentive servers. Better than the one on 75th and Thomas. They have some boneless pork ribs that are very tasty and not full of fat!
Disappointed. As a sneakerhead I was expecting more heat. All I saw was general releases-no size 14, smh. No urban account or Tier 0 stuff?! Small and disappointing. Love the branding and logo, I own several new era fitteds. If you are looking for serious heat, NOT the place.
It ain't boiling crab but it's the closest we have here in Vegas. And this review is much more of a personal preference of which seasoning I prefer between the two. Being from Cali I might be bias but there is a bit more spice and kick in flavor in the whole Shabang sauce than Hot&Juicy special sauce.  But just a bit so the difference is tolerable. Everything else as far as the menu goes is the same.The biggest difference though between the two is the service.  It's my second time here and I've excused my first experience. Slow waiter, you have to request for salt, pepper and lime, and bibs.  In Boiling Crab, all that is already a given and they tie the bib around your neck for you.Me and my friend were seated right away but a group of 5 or more, expect atleast an hour wait. Overall with the exception of the service, food was great.
Crawfish, crawfish, crawfish.  Theirs nothing better then good fusion!!!  Just get their early cause it gets busy
PRO: Fun Place to go with a group.PRO& CON: Prepare to get sloppy!
Best seafood restaurant in vegas hands down!!!! End of story. Lol great prices the seasoning is amazing, service is great, our cajun fries were forgotten so they brought us some as soon as we reminded them and they gave them for free!!
Loved the place and customer service. Big ups to Jordan, she did her thang. This place is worth a try if you ever stop by here in Vegas. Liked it better than boiling crab
Yummy and delicious seafood. You'll get your hands and possibly your clothes dirty. It's really fun to go here with a bunch of friends. It is about the same as boiling crab.
It taste great, just wish the shrimp didn't still have the poop in them. I wish the had more locations spread around town.
This joint is TOO  BOMB.. Get the corn.. hot n juicy sauce in mild.. service was great and way worth the wait
The service and food were great! And much better than the Hollywood location! We had two servers taking care of our area and they worked together, as a team, very well. We also tried a local competitor a few days later and Hot N Juicy was far better experience. We didn't have to wait for a table, although they did have a solid influx of customers throughout the night. Our servers were very attentive! Oh, and they have gloves which was very nice because you are tearing open sauce covered shrimp!
Excellent food I am happy that my son did research and choose this place service is great
I adore the food and the wonderful service.I have been to this location many times. I will surely  be back.
Always good and always good for you. Consistent. The juices are pretty expensive but with the great food options, why would you want kale slime for 10 bucks any way right?
fun Relaxing night out with the wife
Was there for work, Mika had excellent customer service.  Over all great place. Great breakfast,  food and the fresh juices were excellent.
Absolutely top notch facilities, grounds, and most of all, fabulous staff! Great music by the pool Saturday afternoon, this hotel definitely caters to the 20-30 something crowd. Fun, hip hotel with so much going on.
Hanging with friends on this Christmas eve.  Decided to check this place out after yrs of living in LV.  Ok....There's a lot of lights, but there are houses with lights that look better than this.   At least it was free.   So we also got to sample a piece of chocolate, Wow, it was delish!  So were browsing through the store, seems like everything was $25.00 and up!   For a small box of candy!  WTF!  If  I'm not mistaken, I thing they pay there employee's about $10.00 per hr.   I never would have bought a box of peanut brittle with pecans for $25.00.  Our friends bought us a box for Christmas!  I must say, I am enjoying it!  But I will never go back and buy a box!  Ohhhhh well maybe I shouldn't say that, because if I ever become a millionaire, then ok I might splurge from time to time at Ethel's.
Lunch time at my favorite place with my favorite guy.  Love this place.  I had a yummy taco salad and my hubby had beef tacos.  Love thier tacos, but just felt like salad today.
Come with an appetite and a sense of fun.The food is fabulous, and you get a lot of food form the money.We had the pastrami, very tender and flavorful.
Amazing. Pastrami was hot and juicy. I ate the whole sandwich. Barely. You have to go here.
The bread was so good! Nice crunch. Tastes very authentic. Love it.
Amazing location for a good and cheap lunch. I tried out their house special sandwich for lunch and it was delicious. The sweet pickles and extra hot sauce made all the flavors come out in every single bite. I did try their bbq pork sandwich as well, and I found it bit sweeter for my taste. If you are in the neighborhood then you have to try out location. Side Note:They serve meats for u to take home an eat. Also, the prices on sandwiches are very reasonable, $3.50 for a footlong sandwich.
Good fresh seafood.Broad selection - they'll make it right in front of you.I had the oyster po boy and it was pretty good.
Way overpriced for frozen seafood with no seasoning.  The service was decent but the quality of food was very low.
Entrance left of canals within Venetian shops on first level, but you walk up to 2nd level. Ask for tables over looking canal.  It was surprisingly empty and we got seated with unobstructed canal views.  The service was exceptional.  The food was ok, but you really pay for the view and location.  The service made us feel so special who remembered what the food actually tasted like, other than it was not bad, but not memorable compared to the staff.  We were waited on like it was a spa.
Beautiful, clean room. Rooms are not insulated very well. Everything looks modern. I would stay here again.
Really delicious lunch and dinner. Good prices and nice people. Reasonably priced - especially for a restaurant that doesn't have any competition nearby.
Like the place but they need more seating outside,  the staff is polite. Nice to go have frozen yogurt at night and people watch if u get a seat outside.
Excellent service. Very helpful when diagnosing my Mac and a really nice store! They got my Mac fixed really quick, price was reasonable ,and their Fish tank is really relaxing.
If you have $50 credit make sure they take it out before paying. They mislead us and told us that the hotel will reimburse me back. It was not true. They were just lazy to go and take out the $50 credit. Also I felt like they don't want you to use the $50 credit. Totally felt like I got jip. Never coming back to this place.
Best restaurant in Urbana. Because of the fried rice! Every fried rice is great here. I love the pine Apple fried rice.
Food was pretty good but the service was very slow.  Ordering s salad took20 mins to get there.  The greek salad was slightly above average, the cheese and pita bread app was below average.  Presentation on the salad was good, the app not so much.They did not have some items on the drink menu, and the waiter was annoyed when I said I did not want the substitute.Would not return to this place.
Great food and A+ service. I am definitely coming back again. We ordered the tandoori shrimp, naan garlic bread and chicken kormi
Very nice place. Beautiful interior.  Great food and beer! Love this place. Highly recommend going when they have the belly dancers! Bring $ to tip a buck or two!
Love this place ! Nice happy hour, great for a group. Excellent food and service!  Belly dancing on some evenings. It's one of our favorite places to go in the West Side.
Always pretty great food. Good service. The steaks are outstanding and love the chips n salsa. Any time we have had a problem manger John always takes care of it.
AMAZING! The food is to die for and their service is always on point. Their teriyaki bowls are a great lunch option!
Spicy chicken is one of my favorite meals of all time. Love this place. You can get the veggie assortment or sometimes we just get broccoli only. The teriyaki sauce is awesome and they give you fast friendly service and hit made to order food. Can't beat this yummy healthy place!
Jenny is amazing!! I've been going to her for 4 yrs now! I've lived in Vegas and went to 100 different places and no one does nails as good as Jenny :)
Best place ever!!!! Super friendly and professional. Been hearing a lot of good things about this place and finally gave it a shot. My rhinestones always fall off my nails when I get them. Not this place. There stuck on there for good. Def get my money's worth and not cheated out. I've nail hopped to honesty about 6 diff nail shops within the last 4months.Good prices good people. Two thumbs up!!! Finally found a regular place to go too! Hallijuliah!
Independent, awesome, friendly, great selection. Done...  OK... yelps admin wouldn't let me end my review with Done.  Was too short? So....  in a long winded kind of way that I don't really like to review things, I really dig what Exile does.  Great events throughout the year in addition to just being a retail spot.  Get your Wax Poetics, Get your game one, Get some god damn records
...there's just something about this venue...I must admit, I am a bit partial to Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre (VMA).  I have had many memorable experiences here.  I have seen so many amazing shows, and have had so many unbelievable summer nights with friends at VWA, that I simply can't give this place a bad review.VWA is easily accessible from both interstates 485 and 85.  There is plenty of parking, which is usually FREE!!  However be warned, though entering the facility and finding a parking space is usually a quick and efficient process, departing after a show can often be hectic. Beer and alcohol are expensive.  There's simply no other way to put it.  Bud, and Bud light tallboy cans are in excess of $10.  Unless you're a millionaire, don't even think about getting food.  Its just as expensive and the quality is below par on all other accounts as well.  As far as the actual music venue itself...there is plenty of lawn seating available to most shows.  The view from the lawn seating is usually straight enough for most shows.  Of course, the closer you can sit the better.  VWA is the perfect outdoor venue for any show.  In the words of the great Trey Anastasio, "There's just something about this venue...."
Great selection and awesome service. The Philly steak was really good and the portions they give are huge! I'll be going back to try the bakery, there's a gym right next to them so we're good :)
Excellent food fast and nice reminds me of NYC diners
Bagels are amazing and fruit platter is so fresh! I will definitely be coming back here. I really felt like I walked into a diner in NYC. I lived in NYC for 3 years and it made me miss it so much! The service we encountered was fine, despite some of the other reviews and everyone was very helpful and patient with my mom and I as we decided on which yummy pastries to get. I can't wait to go back and try more!
They have the best French toast made with challah!  Good matzo ball soup and sandwiches.  Def as close to NY deli food as you can get in Vegas.
OMG delish! Love love love this place!!! They have so many options and tasty foods!!! Plus the service was on point :)
Omg what can I say the staff owner manger and food was perfect Bagels are the best in town very clean and. The owner is there watching his baby I get a great family feeling there
Food taste worst here... not going back!yeah what's up with the price increased .. focus on making your customer is coming back !
Good  Gelato , very very good but they the employees not friendly , they know they dont need to be friendly because they always busy
Awesome!! Love the gelato..Kids loved it too. Lots of flavors!Located in bellagio in a surprisingly quiet area. I was pleasantly surprised.
Always always always delicious. Great Italian gelato made from cream. They are a little pricey and don't seem to have a set opening time.
AMAZING!!! Great staff and tasty food! Buy a shirt and receive 10% off for life. Speedy service and excellent pho. Spring rolls and egg rolls also very tasty!
Great place, fresh food, lots of choices . indoor/outdoor seating. Great food. First time here had a great meal and the service is good . The place does get a bit crowded, but is well worth it. My wife had the portabella mushroom sandwich which was fantastic I had Sonoran dogs and really enjoyed them the fries were great too. Definitely coming back
Yumm so good and pleasant! Geat place for  after winning a soccer tourney!!! Gooooooal!!!!!!!
My favorite place in town. The food is always super good. Line can be very long at lunch time.
Pretty good food and a fun place to come with the kids to let them run aroundIt can get really busy on the weekends so come early or be prepared to wait
My go to choice of food here for breakfast would be the ribs and waffles which I would if never combined if I didn't try it out here and it was pretty tasty! I also like the bacon Bleu cheese burger with a side of garlic fries and my cousins from San diego visit and they love the garlic fries here at joes.  I love this place it's very kid friendly which I love because I can take my niece and nephew here and they can run around and play because not alot of places are and I definitely would recommend this place for sure!I know everytime I come here I always enjoy the food and the service.
Always great food and a fun place to go! I always order their garlic fries, they are delicious. I love the little fly exterminator guy they have walking around there.
Overrated. Food is meh. Expensive for what you get. Nothing has ever really impressed me. I feel like both of the other "Joe's" establishments are way better (Joe's real BBQ & Liberty Market) - I'd rather go to those any day.
Great burger. Don't order the salmon. Good place for families.  We met a few people and had a great time... Had to take the raw salmon back to have it cooked all the way and ended up with another piece that was burnt and rubbery. Guy in the kitchen was rude.
Everything is fabulous especially there monsoons!!! Also ther specials for the day are always really tasty! Love the coffee shop atmosphere as well
By far my favorite breakfast/coffee stop in the East Valley! Love the atmosphere, and the outdoor option of letting the kiddos run around and play while we eat. Don't pass up on their cupcakes... They're to die for!
Four of us and everyone gave it a big thumbs up. Prices reasonable too!  Great people watching spot if you can snag an outside table.
Great food, friendly atmosphere, gorgeous waitresses,  and excellent value meals! Breakfast menu is fabulous and I am now a regular customer. You have to try it!
Friendly service, great food.  Good sized servings. Fun atmosphere. Good music.  Always a good crowd of locals.... A good signSometimes a little wait at lunch time as they do a huge delivery/catering business too.Just another sign of how popular they are!
Cindy in take out was soooo helpful and the food is always great! A great way to enjoy the Oscars!
Ask for the price of beer if you're on a budget. I just bought a $10 Dos Equis. Lame. I've eaten here twice coming through this airport; the food is okay.
Drinks, yes. Breakfast, NO!!Coming back from Vegas and wanted to get a decent breakfast since I knew it'd be a while before I could eat again between the flight, the drive and other commitments. Walked past the bagel place and Burger King- went for this place thinking I could get a decent, sit down breakfast.This was the laziest, crummiest breakfast I've had in a long time. For $8.00, I got a plate of "faux eggs" (you know those watery- light colored reconstituted powdery crappy things) with some cold shredded "cheese" thrown on top and a couple cold tortillas. Not good. Not good at all. Next time, I'll just get a bagel or even Burger King would have been a better option.Go here for drinks. That's it.
Higher quality chicken at Taco Bell. The margaritas look great and you would probably need a few to think this food was even mediocre
Poor waitresses can't come up with enough excuses why the food is sooooo slow. Food was ok but I am glad I didn't have a flight right away or I would have starved to death.
Order was wrong and my burrito tasted like ass. I fly every week and my expectations are low to begin with but my balls after a marathon probably smell and taste better than this burrito
Go anywhere else in this airport for food! Worst food ever. BLAAAAARG! My meat gobbling, bovine slaying, leather wearing husband ordered a breakfast burrito that was bland with tasteless previously frozen and hard homefries and I had a nasty vegan burrito. I get these whenever I eat Mexican and I have never had a bad one....until now. Disgusting. Service leaves a lot to be desired as well. Hubby's eyebrows speak to his extreme distaste..no Bueno.
Everything we tried was simply delicious.Interior is as in an imperial palace.A paid of 100 year old trees make for a nice romantic setting.
Pushiest sales guy ever. I will go out of my way to never rent from them again. He was adamant that I needed a larger car and would not take a no for extra insurance. I did not buy extra insurance!
Not enough buses running that we have to wait in line for 30 minutes !!!Stupid !!Stupid !!Stupid !!Stupid !!
worst bus service ever huge lines 10 minutes by car from the terminal.........................crap service long waits 1 hour since I left the terminal no car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Quick shuttles. Always on time. Enterprise was very courteous and prompt. Will rent again. Great discounts and customer service
Good food but line to order a meal is always problematic. Can they do better? Salads are great. Waiters are loud, and servers and cashiers don't care.
Nathan Burton's show was great. Very family friendly and high energy. Glad I saw it. I was pulled up on stage by Jeff Civillico, who was promoting his show at Imperial Palace. It was an interesting experience on stage. Had a great time.
Amazing Show!!! VIP seats are worth every penny...we enjoyed the warm up guy Russ Merlin too, he was hilarious!!!
Great show for a better price! My children loved it! The show girls were exceptional and Nathan was funny to say the least! He involved the audience and interacted quite often.The tricks were fast paced and great for first time magic show experience.
This has to be the most boring hotel in all of Vegas. Rooms have a full kitchen but the social aspect is equivalent to AntarticaOn the plus, the rooms are suites with full kitchens and jacuzzi tubs.  If you are planning an extended time in Vegas this would be a good option.I hear college ball players are posted up here during recruitment sessions to keep them off the strip and out of trouble.
Wow,  spent $65 for breakfast. Service was poor, food was worst. It was disappointing. Bacon taste like .......nothing. pancakes was worst.
Absolutely the best! I can spend hours here. They are family friendly with weekly activities for kids.They inspire me to do more then I already do. I wish this was my personal garage.
Loved the food! I had the Pad Thai mmmmmm really good! I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends
Excellent service and amazing Cake! Thank you for accommodating my needs. The Italian weeding cake Casatta is amazing
Yumyumyumyumyumyum!!!! So delicious but a little bit on the slow side for lunch. Never went for dinner yet.
Customer service is always helpful and kind. Waaaaay better than Wal-Mart. Don't forget to download the Cartwheel app tot save some $$$
The guy with the tattoo arms and the man bun is HOT and so nice. Always helping. He is always greeting people saying hello and making sure you are taken care of. This target should give him a raise!
Good basic breakfast food. Wait staff was friendly. Allowed me to get a side of only the fruit I liked. No wait time to be seated on a Wednesday morning. There was a tv that had CNN on. Place was clean.
Best pizza, service was awesome waiter Ray was very knowledgeable.. huge help!! Price was good.  Nice setting and clean..
Hidden gem in the las vegas strip.  Has everything you need for your korean bbq fix.  Although, I have had more sides in other places.  Otherwise, the brisket was delish and the spicy tofu soup was good.Got there at 1am so there was no wait at all. Oh yeah, did I mention it's a 24 hour spot? Love it.  Clean and spacious. Good service and good food.
She recommends the Bimbimbap!! I really liked my experience here! i don't eat Korean food often but it is always very comforting when I do. The people were good and the water was sooo good, I had 6 glasses or so.. I think it was infused with lemon but it was so very good. The shrimp appetizers (dumplings I think) were very good. I like that it is open 24 hours and I really liked the spicy cucumbers!! Delicious!
Good food BAD service unless your Korean you might get treated good. Don't recommend this place.
Poor service, okay food, and overpriced. I thought being off the strip that this place would be good but I have paid way less for higher quality Korean food in the Bay Area, Washington, and L.A. I came here for the all you can eat Lunch Buffet but it was hardly that because the waitresses did not keep the food flowing. For a new set of kimchi, it took 40 minutes and 4 different waitresses only to give us a single small plate of cabbage kimchi. A lot of the poor service was simply because we were not Korean/full Korean. The tables with Korean guests speaking Korean got all the meat and Kimchi they could ever want with prompt service. Only wonder the best reviews on Yelp are from Koreans. The meat was okay but the typical favorites such as Galbi were not included in the buffet option and available as an overpriced menu item. Go here if you're desperate for Korean food but don't worry about how much it costs, the service you'll receive, and the quality of food you'll receive.
Food taste onolicous / delicious. Nice lady served us very quick. Glad there's a place like this since I miss local grinds.
Donating home made blankets for the Kittys. They save animals. What's not to love?
Outdoors, cold beer, good burgers, good people watching, Love this place for the open air and friendly staff. Avoid if it is too hot and no breeze. Or too cold. Burgers are good and happy hour beer is cold.
Best burger and milkshake I've ever had! You haft to try the alcoholic milkshakes! So amazing!
Tasty burgers, super lovely waiter and not expensive.try the blue cheese burger - their signature-.
One of the best burgers in the US and definitely the best sweat potato fries. I haven't expected to find such a great place in Las Vegas.
Great place for breakfast! A must if in Pittsburgh. Food was excellent, will return when in Pittsburgh.  Nostalgic interior.
Everytime I visit Pittsburgh I must go here for their hot cakes. Love this place. They accept only cash and the wait is long during peak time on weekend.
Good coffee but they are way too slow here. Drives me crazy that half the time they charge me to add Carmel. However they are super consistent and Starbucks isn't so I will keep coming here for my coffee.
Friendly, clean, quick service... Good food! I'm definitely going back to this place again.
OMG sooo good! I want more! So many amazing flavors. I have not been a fan of gelato until now! I will defiantly be back to this lower calorie option to feed an ice cream craving!
Mascarpone and fig gelato is heavenly. Dolimitti panini is of the best quality. All pasta dishes are made fresh. Owners are warm and informative, servers are humorous and attentive. You can purchase Italian grocery items here, too.
Really like coming here. They will make your fav gelato if you ask night before. The sandwiches and specialty cheeses are excellent.
Stopped in for a midday snack.  The s'mores cupcake was heavenly.  Prices are as expected.  Staff is nice.  Location is easy to find...parking isn't so great.  Next visit I'm trying out the cupcake dispenser!
Try & carpool. The parking sucks. I alway have such a good time when I come here. It's a great place if you like to people watch =) you will see people from all walks of life... I like to start on the south end with the food trucks and they have multiple bar stands so you wont go thirsty for too long. It is a safe with a ton of cops at every corner and in between.
Sometimes slow, but the staff is friendly and the food is fresh!  This place is always busy it seems like, but the line moves pretty fast...
Great sale today at Dillard! I always enjoy coming to this place. I usually make the rounds at the cosmetic/fragrance counters and sample bottles and bottles of perfume. My husband always knows when I've been to the mall because I come back home smelling like a "house of ill repute," shall we gently say. But today I also made a great find! I was lucky enough to spy upon a pair of $90.00 boots on sale for $30.00 -- which I rapidly scooped up and "made it mine" with my handy credit card. It was a good day indeed!
Great combination of stores!!!  Love it during the holidays. Awesome places to sit for coffee or cocktails
Don't waste time searching for a place to eat while at Planet Hollywood.A better choice late night than Cabo Wabo!  Gosh starvation would be better than that horrid place but I digress...We tried the buffet downstairs but couldn't get past waiting in line.  It felt as if we were waiting to eat in a windowless cellar and the people in line with us were being really pushy and aggressive.  I've noticed people ramp it up at buffets and I'm convinced that proximity to food brings out some sort of animalistic aggressive instinct.  No thank you.  So where can one eat late or later at Planet Hollywood?Planet Dailies is great for that.  Basic food, served quickly and without a lot of fanfare. it never seems to be too busy and we get seated quickly and served quickly as well.It's also pretty reasonably priced. Unfortunately Planet Hollywood seemed kind of tired and rundown the last time we visited and the first room they put us on was totally unsat. We likely won't stay there again. I thought the privacy drapes were closed but that was the view of the back of a wall and even though it was supposed to be 'strip view' it was a view of part of the Walgreen's on Las Vegas Blvd.  Once I complained they moved us. But again I digress.If you do stay at Planet Hollywood definitely try Planet Dailies. Too easy.
I love the feeling that you just came to Grandma's for dinner. The warm smells that greet you at the door are wonderful! The chess  and huge fireplace are a great extra touch.   We ordered the Chicken Pot Pie and Black Tie Pasta. Both were excellent as all there meals always  are. I suggest holding off on an appetizer since the dinner portions are more than big enough!    I will keep going back again and again.
Super creative adult beverages.  Loved everything about it, I always try something different and have never been disappointed.  Get the grilled artichoke and chicken fried steak.  favorites.
I love Harkins Theaters; they remind me of the way going to the movies used to be! Lots of workers, clean theaters and restrooms, and a nice assortment of movies, something for everyone!  I've enjoyed the experience at four different locations, with consistent quality.
Dragon Pita Sandwich was really good ...................................................................
The shrimp, grits w/ scrambled egg is winning!  And the sweet tea carafe is southern treat!
We love Atlanta Bread. The food is fresh and the employees are always nice. We  go so often they know us by name and always ask how our family is doing. Definitely check them out.
Ummmm.... yummy. Happy to find a little bit of korean food here... :9I ordered the korean rice cakes, and sake bomb!! Im so happy they are open late!Service was excellent!! :)
Great food....excellent blue plate specials.  Love the meatloaf and the prime rib.  Always good specials on salmon.  Their fish tacos on Fridays are excellent.
Food is good, atmosphere is good, service is usually terrible.  Every time I have come I have waited and waited for my server.  It's very annoying.  I keep hoping it will improve cause it's close to where I live but every time it's a waste of time.
Great food!  Great service!  I love the atmosphere and people.  They have great wine specials!
Almost everything you can think of they might have it here.  From clothes and luggage to plants snakes and tattoo machines.
Perfect spot for tacos and tequila! The house margaritas are on point! The place wasn't packed, but rather calm and relaxing. Our server was friendly and attentive.
Always delivers. #lovemesomeJuanJaimes The food is always awesome and fresh. Love the margaritas and love their service.
Really loved the cheese crisp with chicken.   And the salsa bar is great,  too!  The mild green sauce over the burrito is the bomb!
Love this hotel the valets ALWAYS remember me and the atmosphere is wonderful. A bit pricey but worth it.
The best steak I have had in years. Cooked to a perfect medium rare. Salad was crisp with a tangy blue cheese dressing. The waiter forgot my milk.
Friendly staff and authentic Caribbean cuisine. Although I usually get my food to go,  I never wait too long and its the Only place I go to get Curry Goat...... it's the best in the City!
Love the jerk chicken. Reasonable price. Always satisfies. I've come here for lunch and dinner. People are always friendly and the environment is relaxed. Highly recommended.
Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore
Dirty describe this place well... A shame to Golden Corral chain... As soon that you walk in you will notice the dirty floor and it smells dirty too!! Trash on the floor etc. It looked bad enough to make me walk way. Keep in mind that my feedback is for this specific location. We used to live in Prescott and I absolutely love the Golden Corral over there.   We used to celebrate birthdays and special family dates there.
My favorite place in MADISON area for Japanese food !!!Sushi, rolls & sashimi Reservation highly recommend !
Delicious place to go to treat yourself!!! Fresh flavorful sushi every time. I was completely satisfied
Chicken wings and cheeseburger meal... Yummmayyyyever since i've moved away from arizona, i can honestly say that china grill is what i miss most.. their chicken fried rice is really good and so is their cheeseburger.. their general tso's chicken extra spicy is my bf's favorite.. almost everything is good here!!
The Mongolian Beef is my absolute favorite. I love the quiet & friendly atmosphere. I can come here with friends and family or just by myself & self comfortable.
Been coming here since 2006!  Love you Miss Anne!! Andi you are an awesome chef!!  My favorite to start off course is crab puffs.   Sizzling rice soup  beef chofun with jasmine tea.   Service can be a bit chaotic but always nice!
The best breakfast in town!!  So glad that I don't have to go to Flagstaff for some good food.
We eat here a lot. Love it!!! They are always friendly and know what we want before we order.
Great food, great prices, great people, one of my favorite places to eat. Sometimes they get busy, so if your in a hurry, let them know, they do take care of you.
Speak up if you want a drink before you've dropped $300 in the machines. It's pretty hard to get served. -especially after 10pm, even if its not busy. When you do get your drink, you may want to order a double b/c it's gonna be a short jigger of whatever you ask for. The only reason I give this the 2 stars is because they have a really great "Rooster" salad.Unfortunately most of the regulars don't seem like the kind of people that eat much. They seem more like the kind of people that took a break from feverishly cleaning their grout & thought they would take their teeth grinding out in public... Very intense. Lol
Another place closed for a while now. This place closed years ago. There is one at the marketplace if your craving the creamery.
Yummy with healthy Italian/Mediterranean type food. Every time I come here I get something different and I am never disappointed. I met two friends here, a couple, and I was first to arrive. Ha this time the hostess almost sat me with someone I didn't know, and newly single I told her she was trying to be a match maker. We ordered the corn dip as an appetizer and pretty darn good. They also have hummus and many others, but I wanted to save room for pizza! I had not tried it yet. Oh and it was delicious! We got the Spinach pizza and talk about heaven. Oh and you  can get a ready cook pizza of your choice to take home and bake if you like.I've never had a bad experience here, lasagna, did I just say that? Yeah that's my other fav here. Service is awesome and I will be back here again soon. As with all Plasma Wig wood places parking is slim, especially in weekend nights. I hope everyone enjoys this place as much as I have. Happy eating!
This is a great show he is very talented he also gives great lottery numbers very entertaining
1st time here. I hear it's really good! RtfOkay, here we go in a New York minute I'll sum this up...Times Square lived up to the word on the street.  Cheese Stuffed Tortellini is worth every calorie and the savory veggie pizza is a veggie lovers dream come true!During lunch rush seating took place within five minutes, then the food came out steaming hot and ready within twenty minutes.  The waitress and everyone else were friendly and quick with beverage refills.  I did notice with the small capacity room that if a lot a people are waiting, it can become an issue considering their limited waiting area section & bar.  I enjoyed the food and overall service, so YELP I recommend this place!
My favorite restaurant. Out of this world. The pasta is so good you cannot stop eating it. I will continue to come back and hope this place never leaves.
The food is fantastic! I will visit again! The bread pudding is the best I have ever tasted. It's big enough to share!
Took too long and wasn't that good.  Smoothie wasn't really mixed. The workers were nice but took me about 20 minutes to get a smoothie when nobody was there.
Quick bite before putt putt with the family and the food/atmosphere is cool. Customer service was good, but the prices of some of the sandwhiches can be relatively high.
I love it here! The food is always delicious!  Friendly peaceful environment :D perfect place for family,  dates,  study time,  etc.
I really grow weary of people talking this place up as the place you would HAVE to bring outta-towners for good Mexican food in Arizona. The aguas frescas are really the best thing here. You have to have an early lunch though because they run out way too fast. For the life of me I will never understand why, if there is a high demand for one of your products, you wouldn't make more of it. In the past when I ate here, they would have about 3 5-gallon containers of 3 different flavors. This time they had one and I didn't bother to even ask what it was. It looked like a basic lemonade and there was about 2 gallons left at 1 pm, so it couldn't have been great. The aguas frescas are really the only reason that I would consider 3 stars on this place. I've been 4-5 times over a period of about 10 years. Every time I go I leave disappointed. The beans are okay. The rice is dry. The meat is average. I've had chicken, carbon, and carne asada, and they all have been just fine. The restaurant is very small and crowded with a terrible layout. I realize that they have probably done the best they could with the space they have, but if there is any line at all people will be standing in line next to your table and orders will be coming from the kitchen and through the line to incessantly interrupt any conversations that you are trying to have. The hype behind this place probably impacts the harshness of my critique as well. If I was in the area, too hungry to wait and drive somewhere else to eat, or out of gas, all while being in the mood for the semblance of Mexican food, then I might stop in for a bite. Otherwise, there is much better Mexican food to be had in Arizona.
Always a good Mexican meal and reasonably priced!   I love the shredded beef tacos with their salsa, so yummy!
Best Mexican food in the East Valley! Always great service and the food is awesome! Try the street tacos, best lunch special!
Sliders were great and service matched.  The best thing was the dessert...WOW!
High quality, very well prepared and above average quantity.   Price is right.  I think this worthy.  One skinny waitress was awesome.  Very friendly.I am making this a regular place for me.
Best coffee in pgh. Hands down. If you love quality coffee and dont want starbucks style crap, you will be delighted.
I'm from out of town so we'll see!!!Continued Review - It's been waaaay waay over a month since I visited Lee Nails and I still have all of my gel polish in tact!!!  I like the place for that reason alone.  This was my second time trying the gel and the first time I got it done, I was able to peel off every single nail like a sticker!So, since I now have an inch of out growth but all my color is still on and un-chipped, I can fairly give this place a decent review.  Eeeeewww ;)Homegirl who did my polish was a bit rough.  I was a bit shocked as to how they SCRAPED the remainder of the polish off with a knife like instrument though!  Since, this is my first go around with the whole Gel Manicure...I'll keep an open mind.
Lots of places to eat in this complex! That said, the theatre itself is so-so. My bad for going to see The Campaign on a Sunday afternoon at the end of its run: cue a group of seven 13-year-old boys who only got in on the whim of their parents' liberal parenting methodologies. If there's nothing I love more than gay/butt jokes, it's having them occur for a constant one-and-a-half hour stream, in a dark theatre, where it would be socially inappropriate to leverage physical disruption of their ability to speak. Managers, check in on your theaters every now and then. Spare your patrons the hypertension, or at least equip mature-looking audience members with tasers.
First time here and I will definitely be coming here for all my movies :) it was very clean and had a friendly staff.
One of the best sushi places I've ever been too. There all you can it is pretty reasonable at only $25 dollars for dinner service. I highly recommend there Tiger Yamisaki roll. Its my favorite.
Mon-Thurs is happy hour after_9pm. The place is small. You are right next to strangers but if you don't mind that then its all good. Service is awesome. The staff is on top of it. The food is YUMMY. Children's menu is 8 and under which I think should be like 10 and under but the serving is worth the 3.99. Overall I'm happy I found a sushi place that is clean, close to home, affordable and delicious. I will be back for sure.
They definitely need to work on customer service. I probably won't eat sushi for a year after dining here.
Definitely worth the $18 bucks. All u can eat prime rib.just ask them to cut it thick for you.. they have plenty of deserts..all you can eat shrimp... decent prime rib in old town Vegas!!!
this place has been, and will continue to be a nearly weekly ritual for me.extremely friendly and knowledgable staff and management.
Great place for a meet up. Great scenery and food! It is very busy so be cautious! The ice cream was my favorite. (I am a dessert girl) overall it was a nice place, looking forward to going again.
Everyone here is so friendly. The service is awesome, food is awesome, everything is AWESOME! Love that Asian guy! What a charmer!
Staff here are ALWAYS helpful.  I have been coming here for about 5 years now.  Staff has basically been the same and always someone who is actually willing to help you and answer questions.... no matter what.You are important to them - at least that is the feel I get.  But, they do know me as I shop there a lot.Nice office max though.
$8 for an hour in Vegas. Not worth it, move on, don't do it! We were stopped and asked to watch a pilot and we'd be compensated for our time. It's really a waste of time unless you ask beforehand what that compensation is. Make sure you're compensated accordingly before you do it!
Protein style well-done.....going, going, gone! Every time it's the same for me.....the grilled onions are a MUST! Just recently, I added the indulgence of Animal-style fries to the order. I'll never go without again! As for the chain, I know what to expect and am never disappointed. As for this location, I was greeted with a smile, given prompt service, and found a nice clean booth to have one of my favorite fast-food  lunches when visiting AZ.
Kaylee is the best!!! Great service!This is the best in n out around!Get the double double!!
In and out is so good and have always treated me well, great customer service. In n out is the best place on town to eat a tasty burger! Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
My favorite In and Out in the entire Valley this one is always busy and the service is always on point.  Burgers are great
I ordered the Dbl Dbl Animal Style. The bread and all the toppings to the meat are made fresh. Their potatoes never see the inside of a freezer. This place is a must any location will do. Great customer service, great food with fantastic quality.
First time diner. Googled and found the secret menu. Animal style was very good!!    Affordable and fresh.
I honestly don't know how I haven't reviewed this place yet. I have clearly been lax in my obligations to Yelpers everywhere.Souvia is a lovely place to have informal tea with friends. You can order a pot to have in house or tea to go. Loose tea is also available for purchase, in addition to a small rotating selection of pastries.There is a tea of the month selection (I have a secret love for the October one because there are cat and bat sprinkles in it. Shut up. I can be five if I want to be.). The also have featured teas of the day that you can sample (and are discounted if you purchase loose tea on the day that they are featured).If you decide to have a pot of tea, you can buy 250g of that same tea for 20%. If you don't feel like tasting before you buy (or you've reached your tea threshold), you can sniff any of their hundreds of teas for free. Yes, free smells, folks.Although I live a good hour away, trips to Souvia are always worth the drive. Service is generally friendly, and the atmosphere is quiet (unless I am there with friends, we are a little noisier than your average tea-goer).
Delicious tea! Awesome employees! Since Ajs closed I've had nowhere to go for tea! This is definitely my new favorite place for tea!
Loved the summer roll, cowboy/cowgirl rolls (spicy!) and the sliders were unique and good! Glad we ventured out from our normal spots while in Scotsdale and tried this place. We will definitely be back next spring break!
Good burger, good fries.  Would come back. Unique menu with exotic options like rabbit yet more main stream things like beef, kobe beef, etc.
Amazing service. Great food excellent price and the vibe is perfect!  A+ I would def order 1 of each of the burgers and get a basket of tots. It's way more than I thought it would be.
It was a good run in place. I would eat here again.  There ware several options and the staff is knowledge and fun.
Best place to watch the Bellagio water show! The view of the strip was amazing! You can also get your picture taken to take home as a souvenir (price was $20+ for the pics). Google the Eiffel Tower Las Vegas coupon. I found a coupon that was 2 for the price of 1! That helped alot
Yummy sushi & great miso soup! Good deals during happy hour! Decor is urban, modern and white. Service is always friendly and good! They have outdoor and indoor seating! Always a stop when we come to town!
Not a big fan of the atmosphere and also not the best place to watch the game. Food was nothing to rave about but my boyfriend did enjoy his wrap.Truthfully I felt the place was a little dirty.The service was slow but the waiters were friendly, at least most of them. I have had better!
One of the best and most attentive bartenders around.  Justin is the effin man.  Great selection and service.  Food is better than average.
Number 36 burrito you can't go wrong.Been going there since 82 and they haven't lost a step!
Good food, horrible customer service. I continue to give them business because it's close to work but otherwise I wouldn't bother. Nothing like being treated crappy while spending your hard earned money. Several of my co-workers have had the same experience.
Just went there for the first time.  Service was fast and food was delicious. . Deffinatly coming back
Loved the orange chicken. Yummy flavor and nice garnishes. Awesome Monday and Tuesday half price sushi special.
We eat from this location regularly. Always on point. LOVE this place! Great pizza. Great wings. Great service. We get the fire wings. Perfect spiciness.
Thia is the original shop and serves the best pizza and sauce. Its really really really really good!
Slowest staff ever. Waited 20 minutes for a pizza. The girl at the counter told me it would be 'a couple' minutes when we ordered and i saw my pizza sitting in the back for at least 5 minutes before it was served. I was starving and they didnt offer anything to make up for their shortcomings.
Excellent combos for lunch. Great authentic taste
Very good food.  So flavorful and tender.  Eggplant was amazing.  My husband ordered the beef special and was so delicious.  So many delicious spices.  I was afraid to try this place just because it's different than my normal American cuisine.  I'm glad I did.
I feel Sahara has one of the best falafel wraps in Phoenix. I also love their hummus! It is creamy and authentic.
Love the mystic spray tan! I never get orange and their staff is very friendly :) I like all the spa options that they have as well, great place to relax!
A must for St Patty's day, although I recommend not going for the straight corned beef and potatoes.  Good flavor for the corned beef but the cabbage nor the potatoes had seasoning nor butter.  Was just...ok.  I also went on St Patty's day during lunch.  I was served at the bar and it seemed as though I was always trying to capture one bartender's attention or another.  No one came to check on me unless I looked at them with longing eyes.  I know it was busy, in fact, THE busiest day for them (or one of them).  I will choose another day to try another menu item.
Good eats, good atmosphere. A bit pricey on the drinks. Nice friendly staff. The fish and chips is my main meal. Add a spotted cow or capital amber and you have a great meal.
Great food, great value, outstanding service!This was really good food for the price, a great relaxing atmosphere and really just wonderful service. Our drinks NEVER went empty and our waiter was very personable and interactive, we loved him!.The firecracker shrimp is REALLY good, it tastes like they have a sweet chili sauce on it and something else, they're really addictive and have just the right amount of kick, I would order at least two plates of these for appetizer with a group or just order the entree version for yourself. Their calamari is take it or leave it (it is thin-crusted, though, so that's a huge plus - just no distinctive flavor to it - maybe they should consider serving it with an aoili sauce?) so I would only order that if you're really craving calamari entirely on its own.I wouldn't order their clam strips at all, it's just a pre-frozen dish fried (but nothing else we ordered was like this, so I overlooked that). The crab we ordered was warm, with fresh butter warmed on your table. I love that they have fresh ground pepper and sea salt at the table for you, in addition to the normal condiments of malt vinegar, seafood seasoning and anything else you'd need. They also serve you cornbread muffins with honeybutter which is NOM NOM NOM.Their crab cakes are fantastic - they have a kick to them and the sauce they serve with it is just as good. DH would have eaten mine entirely if I hadn't stopped him.I'm not a fan of cocktail sauces typically, but I LOVED theirs, it's the right balance of basically everything. The outside of the place is a little offputting, but just look past that because you don't notice it once you're inside and enjoying your meal. They have great local brews on tap, as well as other selections in the bottle, plus their happy hour specials are FANTASTIC.We're definitely making this one of our frequent places.
Fryes is really  good ,Philly stk is sucks , no TASTE ,,, need more salt and gravy . The order gets ready after 16MIN !!!!!
Everything you could want under 1 roof!  Fishing, hunting, camping, climbing, you name it.  Plus a pretty cool restaurant.
Food is always great and so are the staff.  Nothing but good things to say about it.  Best value for a nice restaurant in Charlotte.  The cornbread is perfect and I highly suggest it.
Probably the best deli anywhere in Arizona!   :)  HUGE menu & the portions are Big!     Amazing dessert counter in the front!!!!
Great place! Fun and friendly and worth coming back every week! Every night after 10pm is cosmic bowling! Lights are off except for lane lights!
My daughter loved it!!!! Can't wait to take her back!!!! Great prices and great staff!
Love this place the coffe cake is so good I always come back for a slice.The service was great at first but towards the end it could have used a little work. The manager is great though he was running food and helping with tables overall I will cone back again.
Heaven on earth and free slice of bread when you walk in! Yum!  Best kept secret in las Vegas! Heaven on earth if your a bread lover!!
they are really good！！tHave a try！I like their Chinese style BBQ pork sandwich, pot fat beef,etc. It is also a good place for breakfast!
changed chef. Dishes looks and tastes like this.I took photos. It's getting worse and worse for this restaurant.
Pleasantly surprised!  If you have to go to Vegas, you have to go downtown to Fremont St., and if you are going down to Fremont St. you have to go up to Binion's Steakhouse to watch the sunset and get your game on before taking on the zoo below.  Well done!
Decent wine, cute place, TERRIBLE service.  Too bad because we would have stayed longer and bought a few bottles if the service hadn't been so bad.
The worst service ever!!! One of the waitresses waa very rude and oblivious on how to treat customers. She was the tall, thin lady who was about 30yrs old/ dirty blonde hair she was not friendly at all!
The happy hour is great. Servers are all really nice. Fun time by all! Great concept and happy hour options are really nice and well priced!
The lamb mango is one of my favorite dishes ever. The service is great and the food is consistently excellent. I have never left disappointed.
Nice place, good food. Very welcoming..ppl are nice. I had somosa and pakora they were nice. Also chicken tabduri and chicken tikka.masala was good
They always do a great job. Sam is the best! I've been coming here for about half a year since I moved to Scottsdale. You get what you pay for here!
We eat here a lot and have never had a complaint. My son loves the "flaming cheese". Great atmosphere and great customer service
Best frozen yogurt in town! A lot of flavors and they all taste good. They also have lactose free and gluten free frozen yogurt.
Big portions and cheap. Small location expect wait $15 min credit card charge. Pineapple Fried rice, Radna, and Pad Kee Mao wasn't great..  It would suffice as a hangover cure, only if you're able to drive here.  It's a bit far off the strip where Chinatown is.  I've had better Thai places. They were however super nice enough to accept reservations though.
Omg pad kee mau is great here. Affordable, small but plenty of seats. The server may have forgotten I existed but nothing was late or wrong. There was just no fawning. For the price and quality of the food, who cares?XLNT
Try the potstickers!!!  The spot is kind of hidden and feels like you're heading down a dark alley when you try to get to it but the food is superb.  Plus its cheap!!Great place to try for Thai Food.. if you can find it... lol.
Good food and Good prices. I had fried rice and shrimp and was very good. Location does not have a good sign . And took a while to find it.
Good inexpensive place great food and great price!No parking had to look for out own but nice servers
I say, I say goddamn this is the best thai food I've ever had.   Just go eat here.  The panang curry and even the kung pao were just exquisite, the spices so perfectly balanced and the price so reasonable.  Total hole in the wall diamond in the rough.
Hidden gem in China town. My go to Thai place from now on. The prices are fairly low and the food itself is really good.
Love this place. Service is a hit or miss. Food quality is always on par.
I love this place....great food and great prices.  I have to stop myself from going there every day.
This place is really nice to chill and enjoy drinks and food. The service is great and the atmosphere is greater than expected.
Really bad place to eat..worst place is like ghetto the food taste bad the service is bad... The place is dirty doesn't have air conditioner.. I don't recommend to anyone..
nothing was made right here with our order, not even margarita. we just moved in this neighborhood and looking for a local bar to hang out but this bar is not the place to be.
Not happy with my pho!!! A simple request as to not include onions in my pho wasn't even met! I was told by the guy to pick them out myself. A BIG WTF!!! The lights went out midway during my meal... because apparently there was a birthday party and people were singing nonstop on stage. Not exactly a family oriented restaurant. My family couldn't even speak to each other without yelling... otherwise we could only see each other's lips move. Not coming back. There's better pho places in Vegas who actually listens when the customer requests for no onions. UGH.
The food was great! The seasoning on the chicken was superb. The fried okra is good and the Mac n cheese is very rich and creamy. The chicken is good both smothered and classic.
First time here and oh my! This is the best gelato place ever! The owner is friendly and the place is very clean! Two thumbs up!
Best gelato in town, try over 70 diferent flavors,Very comfortable and elegant it goes by hand with the quality of the Gelato and coffee ...
Large selection of vape liquid, as well as apparel and other standard fair. Great service, definitely recommended!
This place is off the wall amazing!!  Good beer to!! I live across the street and try to make River Jam on a weekly basis.. A great time for adults and family alike.. The MTB trails have been updated and flow which makes them tolerable for all cyclists.. Staff is very well informed and professional.. For a first timer, I would recommend trying the ropes course and a bit of rock climbing.. Enjoy!!
$3 movies! How awesome is that?! $2 on Tues! Even better!Took the fam bam to see Epic last week (really cute movie by the way). Now being a discount theater, I kept my expectations seriously low. But I was very pleasently surprised!After reading the reviews, I came with cash. But they now accept credit cards! Also, kids 3 and under are FREE!And since we saved so much money on tickets, I thought hey why not splurge on some snacks? We got 2 kids packs which include popcorn and a drink for $3 each. I was fully expecting to be price gouged on snacks since tickets are so cheap. But the concessions are very reasonable! They also have a loyalty cup for $4, $1 refills.We were in the large theater at the end. It was really clean, seats are comfy, and all the theaters are now digital projection (which I guess is new, along with them accepting credit cards). Very nice experience!I will most definitely be coming back. $15 total for a movie and snacks?! Amazing value for the family!My kids were also fascinated by the movie memorabilia here! They had a cool Pirates of the Carribean display that my son loved!This place is great for a discount theater. I'd say even much nicer than the older Harkins theaters I've been to lately (Scottsdale fashion square, Arcadia), where they still charge and arm and leg for everything and are totally gross and uncomfortable.Highly recommend!
Best movie deal in town!  Pollack Tempe Cinemas, home of $3 movies and $2 Tuesdays.  No, they aren't first run movies, but they aren't that far off either.For the prices, this place cannot be beat.  In my opinion, the concessions at Pollack Theater are even better than the larger movie complexes....the popcorn is always hot and fresh and you will end up spending about half or better of what you are used to at other theaters.If you happened to miss a movie by a couple weeks at other theaters, check the Pollack show times because you can often catch it there.
If you're looking for run of the mill Chinese food look no farther! This place is close to my house so whatever, I'll probably come back. But there is nothing special about it.  I had the (soggy) potstickers, corn egg flower soup and the shrimp with lobster sauce. About a cup too much salt for me. If I go back I'll ask for no salt!
Seriously best lunch specials ever, I'm in love. I've tried the orange chicken and it's the best ever! Like ever
That was the best fucking Chinese food I ever had! Highly Recommend it to anyone with a hungry family.
Wonderful! The food was delicious! The servers were all extremely nice! The bad part was we had tickets to Cirque Dusoleil and did not have time to enjoy desert!
Great atmosphere, food is pricey as Fuck tho!! I like it but your paying for the shitty attitude and service lol
It was fun!! Food was good!! We brought 2 of our kids and they laughed and had fun!! It was a great time!!
Hilarious, only at Dicks.5* experience. Good food and drinks. I recommend going at least once. Service - EXEMPLARY AND DICKISH. Hey, isn't that what you expect at Dicks?
Brandica is the best server here. Ask for her for a damn, f-ing, good experience! The drinks were delicious and the food was decent.
Best chicken nachos! Make sure you share because the portion is HUGE!So I returned for a 2nd time on our trip since we loved the nachos so much, but the would not let us take our Starbucks in. As you know Starbucks is expensive in Vegas so it was frustrating that we had to toss our drinks. The 2 star is for the no outside drink policy! 4/5 star on the nachos! That's a 3 star now. Bummer! Update ur policy!
Great food at a decent price! Steak burrito was amazing! Hot sauce served with the chips and salsa is pretty hot. Overall, well worth the money. We all left feeling very full!
I mean this restaurant must buy a lot of stupid Yelpers   Don't trust comment !!!!It's the worst Chinese food I have even taste in Las Vegas.        难吃到爆炸。
yummy food for cheap quick delivery only paid $22 dollars wow that great.  I order a few things the seedweed salad was really good.
Great place for Sunday brunch with the family - they have all of my favorites - pancakes are hot and the omelette a are fresh
Didn't get to play this game but I will definitely be back for it! Looks awesome! #shootemup #masterI also prefer the atmosphere and customer service at this location over the one on Desert Ridge. My only complaint is that they need more airhockey machines!
Great food everytime i went there. Great service, Clean place, good price.Good for dating. , alone, with a group of friends or Family.
The menu is okay but the food is VERY SALTY. I'm not that sensitive to salt but this food was almost inedible. The service was very slow and I had to contantly flag down a waitress for more ice tea (remember, I was eating a salt mine!). When it came time to get the check, yep, you guessed it. I had to get up and look for the waitress to ask for my check. The atmosphere was casual and decent but the salty food and poor service will keep me from returning.
Always get great service and even better food! Love this place!!! The staff there is always so polite. I have never had to wait for a table even during a busy night!
BE CAREFUL!!! Hot plates will burn your fingers!!! Burnt my finger from the RIDICULOUSLY HOT plate in front of the manager, and he didn't apologize or offer to MIVE the plate for me!
Hawaiian Bbq & Caribbean Jerk! w/ salt&vinegar chips. nom nom. Amazing sandwich!!!! Good price but wished it was a little bigger lol I want this in Los Angeles!!
Hot sandwiches for $6. Can't be beatSix dollar sandwiches, 24 hours and actually worth the money? You wouldn't think a place like this would exist in Vegas, but it does and its awesome.
Holiday Turkey sandwich. Best thing ever!!!! I hate the fact that this is seasonal. It's Thanksgiving Day right now... & I couldn't care less about what I'll be eating in a few hours because all I want to do right now is to go back to Vegas and buy 100 of these Holiday sandwiches and freeze them because YES, it was THAAAAAT GOOD.Turkey - goooooood. Stuffing - goooooood, Gravy - yummmmmmm, and top it off with Cranberry sauce - OMG ... I die and go to food heaven. If you're in Vegas, I'm jealous. Eat this now.
Best sandwiches eveeeeeer!Where else can you get a super bomb yummy sandwich at 4 in the morning? At EARLS!!!!   They also have great cobb salad and chicken noodle soups.
This establishment is as advertised!   It provides outstanding quality regardless of price.   What is interesting to observe is their prices are substantially lower than anyone else that offers quality on the Las Vegas strip.  Kudos
holiday turkey. chipotle chicken and full montagu !!!Went to vegas this past weekend and went every day I was there.Those are definitely some must-try's on the menu. I also got a side of mac and cheese which was also bomb dot com hehe. Can't wait to be back for some drunchies in two weeks! :DHoliday Turkey is their special thanksgiving time one and it was so good. I thought cranberry and stuffing in a sandwich would be weird. FALSE! it is delicious. It is literally a thanksgiving meal in sandwich form. Stuffing, gravy, turkey and cranberry sauce. GENIUS.The chipotle chicken is a little spicy with avocado and bacon pieces I think. (I don't know I was eating it in the dark tbh LOL ) but it was good. probably my least favorite one, but all my friends say its their favorite.Full montagu. its the creamy sandwich that you've been looking for. I think its ham or pastrami or something. suuuuper good since I love cheesy dairy things. :3
Best sandwiches, hands down. I usually write lengthy reviews, but I can't even begin to describe this place. Just try it.
Be patient. The line moves quickly.  Every sandwich I've tried has been amazing.  My favorite is the Earl's Club.
One of my favorite parts of Vegas. Great sandwiches. I wish this location had the bread pudding.
I love this place great sandwiches. I always stop by here when I'm in Vegas. I wish I had one back home.
amazing!!! better than anything. anything. I ordered the pastrami sandwich and let me just say... I wasn't expecting the amazingness. I even had to go back later in the day and order something else because it was that good.
Good sandwiches and reasonable prices, but you always have to re explain your self and double make sure they understand exactly what you want! they alway mess it up the first time im here!
Popular sandwich place, located on the Vegas strip. This is a chain restaurant and the menu is usually the same between them. It is always crowded and sometimes finding a table is difficult. They also offer salads, baked goods and smoothies. Service is usually fair and food is slightly above average. Though the Vegas location could use someone cleaning the tables in the dining area. If looking for sandwiches, it is worth a try.
Stopped here twice for a sandwich.Had the thanksgiving sandwich - wow! That was delicious!it litereally tastes like thanksgiving on a sandwich! TIP:Join there eclub for a free sandwich.
Ordered the Smoked turkey sandwich (The Earle club) very good! I failed to finish this review while visiting Vegas.....SO HERE IT IS! SORRY.
Super great sandwiches. Tried the original and tuna . Both were delicious.Worth the money.
Earl of Sandwich = Quiznos I have no idea why this is rated so high.I was so disappointed once I actually saw this place. I was even more disappointed when I ate my food. It was ok, but why the super high rating??
Affordable, Open 24/7 & next to the poker tables...score!!! Chipotle Chicken, bacon & avocado on a sandwich, how can you go wrong.....
The best sandwich!!!amazing bread! Tuna melt and earl sandwich are my favorite.this place is located inside Planet Hollywood hotel and casino
This place is a must everytime we have a Vegas trip. You can't go wrong with all of their sandwiches. One tip tho. Hawaiian sandwich. Nuff said
Real good sandwiches, great quality & cheap in cost. Ate at 2 different locations and we enjoyed both.
Chipotle chicken avocado sandwich is  ... Great staff and delicious cupcakes. The line was long but it's worth the wait.
What happened to the caribbean jerk chicken??? That was my favorite along with the montagu and hawaiian chicken. I've also discovered the tuna melt! Simple but delicious if you like the taste of the creamy mayo. Also dont forget the tomato soup - really good.
So bomb! Get the holiday turkey. Their coffee is really good too. Good spot to hit up late night or early. Line moves fast
Sandwich fresh! Bread is light.... small but awsome.This is the ham egg and cheddar..fast service not so quite friendly.
Great food and great service!  The All American is like A Thanksgiving Meal in a sandwich!!
Awesome place in Vegas. Delicious and cheap!  I had the Italian sandwich and tomato soup. Yum yum yum!
The red curry chicken is delicious!This is a great lunch spot. It's in an old converted diner, so it has a very unique feel to it. I cozied up to the bar, and was happy to have hot, tasty soup and an egg roll immediately placed in front of me when they brought me a menu. For a drink I ordered an iced tea, which was a flavored brew, not your run-of-the-mill fare often served at quick lunch spots.The red curry chicken is delicious! Oh, did I already say that? The main course was served extremely promptly, and the entire dish was wonderful. Great cuts of chicken, mouth-watering sauce, fresh vegetables. I was really impressed with the speed of service, too, which would make this a great spot to hit if you need a great meal in a hurry.
Amazing ...order off the menu because the chef is awesome. Sauces and noodles from scratch, great pairings, etc.
Food are ok but they have the best ube boba tho. I use to work here like 2 years ago and I decided just to order something that doesnt involve them cooking because truthfully they dont wash the dishes correctly, they reuse the sanitize water over and over even if it had some food in it. YUCK! I am sorry.
Don't sit next to the fountain unless you want to yell your entire meal. This ruined most of our night, but the food wasn't bad. Large portions though. Right in the middle of the Casar Forum.
First Impression: This place looks very glassy. Being inside of Caesars Palace of course you would expect an elegant place. We had the chance to sit right in front of the fountain which was a beautiful scenery. I had their Linguine Ai Frutti Di Mare (Seafood Pasta) and truly feel in love with this place because of it. It made me appreciate Italian food all together. This was the utmost best pasta dish I've ever had.Last Impression: This place was to perfection from their cocktail drinks to their service. So cheers to this place for making it a wonderful experience to ending my first trip to Las Vegas before heading back to San Jose. This place is YUM!Check out my photos I posted!
Awesome gelato. Awesome pizza and pasta. I like the kiwi and pineapple best. The staff were really friendly. Clean atmosphere and short lines make it a great place to eat quick.
Saucy. And nearby. Its convenient that it's so close. I cant stress the closeness more.
The Big Slick Stout is great.  I had the Cuban along with others who had the pulled pork, pizza, and ham and cheese and everyone liked every bite.  The wait staff was very friendly and informative about the menu and the area.  A great place to take family, friends and or clients.
We stopped here on our way to a resort in Wisconsin Dells. Great beer. Awesome staff. Really good food. Worth going outa your way to check out.
Beer was great! customer service sucked!!! We did like the Wisconsin bread cheese appetizer to die for and great combination
Green milk tea with boba!Cefiore's menu includes fro-yo, with an array of fresh fruit and other toppings, a large variety of sweet or savory crepes and boba milk teas. I have not tried any of her crepes, because of my celiac's, but they all look so amazing. She has a few different flavors of frozen yogurt, again have not tried, but I remember seeing taro and vanilla with a few more, but I don't recall. I always go for the boba milk tea. Most of the milk teas are made with non-dairy milk. My favorite flavors are taro and matcha green tea. Depending on my mood, I get it as a milk tea or smoothie, when it's warm out. I always get it with boba (tapioca balls). I'm not sure if the quality of the boba has gone down, or I go in at odd times when the boba isn't so fresh. The last couple of times I was there, my boba seemed stale and old, as if it had been sitting over a couple of days. Regardless, I like supporting family owned businesses such as these.Almost every time I go, I get great customer service. The owner is very personable, and so are most of her staff. She offers a punch card for boba teas, which is a bonus. I think you buy 9 get the 10th free. Conveniently located in the Albertson's strip mall, easy to get to and plenty of parking. The joint is small and cozy, offering about 5 or 6 tables; two & four tops. One more thing, she has an espresso machine in there, but it has been broken for a long time. She said it is too expensive to fix. If you ask, she will brew a pot of (drip) coffee for you.
We've had a little bit of everything here. It does take a minute to prep but well worth the wait. Awesome Bobas, crepes and waffles!
If you drink , u need a wristband. Get it at the front counter. Or no booze 4 u!Laid back. Ok sushi nothing special.Basic Sushi in Tempe. Great for ASU students
The taste is great and the service is good. I would like to come again. The pho portion is quite big for the regular one.
Disappointed!  Came here on a Sunday morning at opening time and no one was here to open up.  Really wanted to check out their food since there's not too many healthy options in the area .
Love the Steak, and when we had a problem with the food (first time in 12 visits) it was taken care of without question. Will be back soon!  I'm placing this review onto my best seafood list as they have some of the best Shrimp add on options I';ve ever seen. They are huge Jumbo Shrimp; deveined and butter flyed open and I'm not sure what they season them with but I could make an entire meal out of just the shrimp alone. The tables are a little small for all the plates they bring out for your meals but if you are even the slightest bit hungry you will have no problem emptying the current plate before the next one comes out.
Delicious burgers n chix wings however the lighting at nyttym is kinda dim. They need to brighten that up a little.
Food is great! Service is AWFUL!! I'd rather order food for pickup then to actually dine in.. Every time we go there our experience is terrible.
This place is down the street from me and ive been wanting to try it. So glad that I did. The food and service where great. Definitely will be returning and recommending
Very poor service today. Very poor service today. Very poor service today. Very poor service today. Very poor service today. Very poor service today. Very poor service today.
Great Sandwiches ...I tried New Yorker / Reuben / Burgers ( ALL DELISH )Located in the corner of the Luxor Casino & Hotel ... Only bad thing about this place is the $5.00 small fountain drink ... That's way over priced !!
Food not that good, fair price though. I ordered a chocolate and is way too sweet! You can't even take 2 or three bites because you will get sugar rush.
I usually walk over from Mandalay bay for breakfast.Good food, reasonable prices.Staff is friendly.I usually get the egg and bacon bagel.
The oysters....the shrimp scampi!!!! Dolly the waitress is so nice, the type of person that makes you want to come back to an establishment. Management seemed to give her a hard time over her giving us some flatbread, and firsts things first, no one asked for it for free, charge me for it, it's all good. Then when I paid, they gave me the "thank you sir", will that be all sir?" line, come on man!!! Treat your people right, you've got great food, plentiful, and delicious and a waitress being super nice is a good thing, not a bad thing. Thanks for bringing in the Tapatio sauce, I for one had requested on all my prior visits and ended up eating here as opposed to the Oyster bar at the South Point hotel, which didn't have Tapatio.
Do not get the jambalaya with rice.  Yikes.  That was so bad.  The service wasn't that great.  The reviews weren't bad, so I gave it a shot, but it really was disappointing.  My friends ordered some other items, including the ceviche and none of them liked their meals either.  Maybe it was a bad night, but I will never go back there.
The Staff is friendly. I find great deals. I love using the cartwheel app combined with the target app :)I rather spend a little bit more at target and get good service, then go to walmart at riverview
Great airport in an equally great little city. Took exactly 10 minutes to get my bag. I'm now a big fan of small airports. Quick service, little to no lines and a lot more relaxing than the bigger ones. I love Madison and love its airport.
If JJ is your only choice of waiter, turn around and leave. He's a total asshole, and can't handle more than one table. I also wasn't please when he asked my friend if she was serious when she told him how much she wanted of each item she was ordering. It's like "Fuck you, man, it's all you can eat, and she's hungry; back the hell off." Now, that said, the sushi itself was pretty good. I got the Kiss of Fire, which was sorta tasty, but nowhere near as spicy as advertised, the Mistake, which was EXCELLENT, a Philly hand-roll (which tastes the same wherever you get it, so..) and the Tuna Naruto, which is AWESOMELY light and delicious. That roll is definitely a keeper. My friend ordered the Crunch #2 (and when she asked for cream cheese on it, JJ wanted to charge her an extra dollar per roll, which isn't how any other AYCE place I've ever seen works.) and loved it. So, food four, service negative one, but I'll give higher weight to the food.
Worst sushi experience in Vegas. Amazed they're still open. Over priced tiny portions. Huge disappointment.
Good sushi , good service. Always consistent quality. Some of the freshest sushi in town. Great , comfortable atmosphere.
Food was excellent and Ashley1 did a super job with our large indecisive party!  I had the swordfish and ratatouille-both delicious .  I'm lactose intolerant and asked for no butter and they were very accommodating.  Again, Ashley was all over it, making sure the spinach was sautéed in oil, not just steamed.
Coffee is okay, the donuts are just okay also. I will not return to this store. I had a coupon for a free coffee and the employee did not know what to do.
Love this place. Always something new. Changing all the time. Very user friendly. Also lots of fun shopping. Good food every where. Live intertainment. Even the security was helpfully.
Read up on Shabu if you aren't familiar with it. It helps to have an idea. Went here for my birthday. My friends thought we would try something different. It was nice to change it up. I'm not an expert so I can't honestly say how this place compares to other shabu restaurants. I can only say that it isn't a place that I would frequent. The service was excellent. I'm just not a fan of shabu, but the overall experience was a good one for my birthday.
We go here every Monday. I love the food and service. Highly recommended. The shabu is the best here in town
Love this store! Great products and prices.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  I asked if they would donate "old" flowers for a nursing home function and they did!
Soup and salad deal is awesome, but overall I am not a big fan.Its cheap and acceptable on every level.  Mediocre at best for me.I don't know what I don't like about it, but its not the food, its the fake job here, it feels sterile and fake for Italian food.     I always enjoy the food, but not the feeling it leaves me with...sorry, maybe its just me.   Give it a try, I know people that swear by it.  I swear to always go somewhere else.Its like Mcdonald's, its my last stop, under duress, that I choose it, and its just ok, its food! I prefer an italian sub shop that's authenic to this mass produced italian.It is what it is.....enjoy!
Food was alright but seems like the portions got a lot smaller. I had the Northern Tour of Italy
One of the Best Cirque du Soleil  shows EVER!!! The music is intoxicating and the vibe of the theater makes you wanna jump and dance at some points and in other cry your heart out. You don't have to be a Beatles fan to see it, however, you would leave this show being a PERMANENT BEATLES FAN!!OMG what a great show!! We got great tickets 2x1 at the box office and a awsome view. Even if not a fan you'll love the music and storyline!
Three times I have seen it. It is still UNBELIEVABLE.......We had seats at the very back HIGH UP.BEST SEATSWe could see everything!section 208 Row S(last row) seats 17&18 (easy access-no stepping on anyone else's toes :-) )
LOVE IT! Second time seeing it! With the kids this time :)Well, after seeing this for the second time, we decided that we liked our higher up in the balcony area seating better last time. (You can see a lot more of the action) :) We LOVE Cirque du Soleil and will be seeking out more of their shows til we see them all! And again too! :)
Absolutely loved the show.  We were in row r. Seats were great.  View was great. The show seemed to play to all the seats. So it didn't seem like any seats were left out.
Amazing production..All You Need Is Love!!! Would see it again ....would recommend as a Vegas must see..
Great show!!  Outstanding!!  But not enough cirque.  I can't say it enough not enough cirque.
Dishonest management. Food is greasy and bland. Go to Empire Chinese, instead. I had the sesame chicken and it was really chewy.
Place is amazing!!! Get the potato tacos. Service is always great. Happy hour margaritas are reaaaallllllyyyy bomb
Was great food and no wait. I always like to come here when I visit. Food is very spicy but delicious.
Never go there the service so bad I will never go kind of like these place so socksh. So Ri long
Nice place..good Indian food!Idli like was really soft.ginger chicken was excellent ...
Great service and the BEST iced coffee I've ever had... That said DO NOT... I repeat do not have more than one.  We are both seasoned coffee drinkers and we were kept up till 2:00 am 4 hrs past bed time.
Awesome food, awesome service! The Easy Rare Pho was very good. Our server was super friendly and brought our food quickly. Try the Thai Iced Coffee... It's so decadent!
Pretty good.  Had chicken club and chicken strips.  Fries could have been better.  Very good price for being in a casino. Right in the food court.
Super yummy food Waiter wad just ok. I got chicken wings that were amazing. It's not a great place for kids though.
Call ahead for reservations!  We made last minute reservations (it was a Saturday night I think) just in case.  The hostess was so nice on the phone and expecting us when we got there.  The service was good considering they were a little busy (not swamped, but there were several large parties that night).  The food was really good and they have a kids' menu so even our little picky eater was able to find something suitable.  Great place if you need a chill/casual date night.
Dog friendly times ten! I am a regular at this restaurant for their Happy Hour specials, which they have every single day. I like that the patio is open seating and you can sit wherever you like. I never have a wait time when I go to this restaurant (even on Mother's Day!). Their pet policy is that dogs are welcome as long as they don't cause a problem. My dog is very relaxed, so I'm lucky, but they go above and beyond to make even his experience pleasant. He gets his plastic cup of water and the passer-by's stop to tell him how cute he is and pet him as he sits on the ledge of the patio. It really is the perfect spot for a weekly Happy Hour where you can relax and enjoy the Vegas weather. The San Francisco lemonade mixed drink is phenomenal but he sangria martini had WAYY too much sour.  Typically their drinks are spot on and I'm always a fan of the $5 mixed drink specials.As for appetizers, the baja tacos (in fish or steak) are super good and I get them every time I'm there. Occasionally, I'll get another appetizer dish and so far the only appetizer I was unhappy with were the potstickers.There can be a bit of a lag time when it comes to the servers, but their fantastic service more than makes up for the wait. Kudos to the management and the staff!
Sorry to say this Gordon Biersch is permanently closed as of November 2015. Apparently they weren't getting enough business. What a shame. They had awesome happy hours and delicious appetizers Good location, awesome people,  an outdoor eating area, warm ambience.  Guess it wasn't enough.
These are the best Tortas I've ever had! The Tortas come with a fried egg typically. Be adventurous, and give it a shot even if its later in the day.
Get here before noon. Place fills up quickly. But awesome food great staff.
Great food, great fresh drinks. Went there after seeing it on TV. Wasn't feeling up to the big Del Rey torta so ordered a regular one which was still great. Everything we had was good and we ordered 4 or 5 things to try.
Excellent kitchen. Great food. Ample portions. King of the Tortas! The staff are friendly and quickly move that yummy food to you. Authentic and a local gem. Enjoy
Good food good service  :-) Will go back when I'm craving Indian food. It is buffet so you get rice and a bunch of toppings. They have a small salad selection and rice pudding with sweets. Staff were very attentive.
Amazing. I keep going back for more. I'm in love! The ladies are so sweet and always give us a small dessert sample after our meal. One of my favorite restaurants EVER!
Nothing great to say about this restaurant.. I felt okay with the food... Only thing I liked is, they serve water and lassi in bronze utensils..
Love the music!!!! Best place to party on the strip. Will definitely be going back. The vibe was awesome the drinks on point! I danced until my feet hurt.
Marcus the bartender was the shit!!!He took care of us!!!The drinks were great and atmosphere was electric!
Amazing sushi. Sit at the bar and ask for Charlie. Great drinks great sushi. The lobster Tacos were amazing. Try Charlies signature drink 50 Blue Berry- Tini!!!!!
When I'm in this part of town I always like to stop here to eat. Great food and great service!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Clean, friendly and above all yummy!!! They are always busy but always super fast. Responsibly priced and you get so much! My fiancée and I come about once a week, and have brought many people from out of town who have all loved it.
We got a great deal for our grand room!  Was able to check in super early!  Great service!!!!I think after you stay here you won't want to stay anywhere else.  It's spacious, clean, and beautiful.  Everything we needed was here for our "adult" trip.  We got to go to TAO and watched Phantom, both at the Venetian.  It was such a plus!!!  We stayed at a smoking room and the room did not even have a smokey smell.  Just the hallway. We were the party room!
Simply beautiful, a real treasure to visit. Make sure you see the special show in the shopping area.
From dropping off the car at "Valet" to "Check In", and then up to our room, the process was quick and easy. The rooms at the Palazzo are not your ordinary hotel rooms, they are five star!  Make sure to ask for a room facing the strip.
Came here again in may 2014 and noticed they raised the resort fee.I really like the palazzo I wonder if there is a way to wAve the resort fee
Wonderful property and stay. Professionally managed. Some of the security officers around the property appear unhappy or disgruntled. Other than that it was perfect stay.
The food is great, And the price is not bad. Good place for lunch with the family. The strawberry lemonade is great. I
Once again great food and excellent customer service by Joe Salerno Always happy to spent time at king's Fish House. Thanks!
Food was delicious but the service Christine gave made the experience Great!!  Definitely recommending to friends and family.
Love this little place. Great place to eat. I was introduced to this place by a co-worker. The margarita pizza is delicious and so is the one with all the meat. Pop in, you'll love it too.
This is the best deep dish pizza we have had in Las Vegas.  Everything about this place makes me feel like I'm in Chicago. I have also tried the eggplant parmesan and that is really good too. The salads are average but they do make their own delicious dressings. I HIGHLY recommend calling ahead for the deep dish before driving there. I noticed people at their tables still waiting while we walked in to a reserved table with our food following within 5 minutes. It was great!Call ahead if your ordering a deep dish. Takes 45 minutes to cook.
Wow, the girls here are cute. If you love cheesy pizza's come on 'ere. :) I personally like the white pizza, the artichoke is quite tasty, 10/10 would come back. I also like the desserts, woop!
Amazing food and great customer service! Best deep dish pizza in town ! Staff is always extremely friendly. Deep dish pizza usually takes 45 mins to cook so we always call ahead so when we show up we are only waiting for 10mins.  There cannolis are a must try if you still have room !
Been here several times and never dissapointed!!!! Foods great, service is amazing!! Wait time can suck but worth the wait
Wonderful oysters, amazing staff and lovely company.  Will be returning soon!  We sat at bar and table and both were romantic atmosphere.  Enjoyed the alligator and lobster also.
My favorite place to go! They have got a large variety. I love their oysters I really enjoy the atmosphere...
Overpriced greasy, slimy food with below average service. Service was so so. Loud inside. My mother was looking forward to coming here and she couldn't wait to leave. Similar to Red Lobster. If you are looking for tasty seafood and a fun atmosphere, I'd say the Angry Crab is a good place
Great Environment,  Love the live music.Great Happy hour.  We came there one night for a workers outting.Classy yet Relaxing.  A bartender that makes a fine drink and food that is pleasing to the pallet.Do make sure you budget a decent amount.
I love to go sit at this bar! Also, very yummy food. Anytime I want artery clogging sauces on delicious fish, this is the place.
Can't go wrong with this place. Best chili burger and chili fries around. Ordered the double and could not finish it. Pickles are always crisp the tomato is thick sliced the fries are always hot and crunchy the sodas are always popping . yummy place
A disappointing mediocrity. Mexican for the masses. Cardboard food with pablum sauces.  Just awful
The italian panini is so delicious! Also it's decently priced! Yum yum yum they also have sanpellegrino in every flavor which makes me the happiest person.
Delicious pizza! We order from here about twice a month. It's always good! Delivery usually takes about 45 min but it's worth the wait. Pizza always arrives hot. Salads are good too, but I prefer the pizza.
So delicious! So expensive! Everything here is so beautiful and delicate. Carefully made and so elegantly put together. No wonder they price it the way they do. The only thing is that it is expensive so some items may or may not have been sitting on display for some time.. I tried the pistachio cream éclair with fresh raspberries it was amazing. Also the 6 Pac of French Macarons (well over priced) those were okay not as fresh as I'd like them to be for the price.. but honestly Macarons in general are completely overpriced.
Overpriced as any LV hotel place, but food is very delicious. Don't think you will get away with coffee. Once you see all these pastries, waffles, you are in trouble
Come with lots of friends and ready to dance to old school tunes. Drinks are fairly priced for Las Vegas. Very cool ambiance and located in the center of the casino floor.
worst customer service I experience in a long time. The owner is a jerk. He uses the excuse that he's from Boston. I've been to Boston and people are very kind of open back there.pizza was average at best. the pizza was burnt around the good part of the pizza.
Great service and great food! Our server's name was Matt and he was exceptional! I got the cheeseburger and I highly recommend it. The BBQ sauce is sooooo good!
Great for kids and adults.  I recommend coming during the week and not the weekend.  The peanut and I had a great time!  A lot of great exhibits and there definitely is something for everyone.  Peanut didn't care for the robot exhibit but loved the fish - we were even there while a fish was laying eggs!  Never saw anything like that before.  We went during the day, during the week and that was perfect!  The Sports exhibit didn't have too much for a 4 yo so I'd suggest saving that one for an older kiddo.
Great beer on tap. Excellent service. Fun to hang out with friends and drink and people watch. Plus it located under the Elara.
Good beer and the bartenders are always awesome. This place is a regular, and sometimes frequent stop, along the travels of the Strip in Planet Hollywood. The bartenders are always friendly and actually have a personality- it makes for entertaining conversations. Never had a bad experience in the numerous times I've been here. Sin City has only a few beers that they serve but what they make, they do it well. There's a light (for all you weirdos who go to a microbrewery and want Bud Light wtf), IPA, Amber, Stout, and Hefeweizen. That's it. But they're all so good, that's good enough.Reasonably priced too. And I'm a geek and love the gear they have for sale (pint glasses, t-shirts, cute shorts, and even beer taps!). Go support this place, they rock!
First timers should get a sampler of the beer.  Happy hour is fun whether you are on the patio or in-doors.  It's a great local eatery and brewery, atmosphere is typically laid back and casual.  You'll see a mix of families and gatherings of friends.  They have a wide variety of food to offer.  Their staff is friendly and fairly accommodating. The summer seasonal, Mr. Pineapple is my favorite, although I do really enjoy the winter seasonal too.    You'll come for the beer, enjoy the food, and be able to have a good if not great time.
Always delicious with good servers. Pulled pork, fries, and fried chicken is all really good!
Decent to above average food, and great beers. Comparable to a 4 Peaks in the East Valley. Can get pretty busy but it's worth a wait.
Service was horrible. I had to get up and go get my own condiments. The waitress was not very friendly either.
Great beer and food! SanTan's staff are the best in the business. Local first. The Winter Warmer beer in December is the best I have had and worth the yearly wait.
Thank God for Cheryl. Came here from the beginning of our pub crawl, she was knowledgable about beer and we had a great time with her. She's about 7 month's preggo, and had she not been, we would've had her sitting with us having some beers!
Never one bad experience, wish I was there right now. Great craft beer, great food. Customer for life
Lazy and very slow service. Most of them are rude. they need to find a more polite staff or more polite people to work there.
First impression of food selection = 1 starFirst impression of service = 1 starDON'T EAT HERE! We paid $42 total for 2 dinnerIf not because the show Cirque du Soleil - Mystere (about 4* show), it would NEVER eat here.DON'T... WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY with this buffet, it sucks big time
Terrible, only had it because we had a free voucher! The food was stale tasting, the flavor was either stale or over seasoned. Some wasn't even hot anymore
Loved it! Especially the pasta buffet and the desserts!! We had 12 people in our party and everyone enjoyed it.
Amazing food!! Very pricey but worth it. Great cocktails too.defintly a place for a special occasion
Pure deliciousness. Great lamb and steak! Great ambience and you get to see the cooks at work.
Impressive and entertaining. Great show at a great price. I walked out a believer. Not for the squeamish or easily offended. If you like dirty humor Tony is your boy.
As authentic as Korean food can get. Great value and very nice and courteous staff. If you order two items from their BBQ menu you get to grill the items right at your table.
too bad，do not come again.the service is bad too.hehehhehehehheheheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Amazing show! Great performances and tons of fun! Performances included Miranda Lambert, Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson and Big & Rich. All were spot on, but we were blown away by Willie Nelson and Big& Rich in particular. A definite must see!
Seen this last year with Wally Eastwood. Definitely an awesome show. I remember it being pricey but highly worth it
Ready to be insulted... and a surprising highlight of our vegas trip. we live in los angeles so our visits to vegas are usually a 2 night affair. this trip we had close to a week and decided to hit up some shows. we hit the spectrum from expensive and advertised to cheap and unheard of. Vinnie Favorito was inexpensive and a bit advertised and the best show we saw. i kept hoping my husband and i would catch his eye but it didn't happen. didn't hamper our night though... loved it!!
The best AYCE sushi place. Never disappoints. The nuclear bomb is amazing. The fish is so fresh. Even if you don't like sushi, you can have their ribeye steak, skirt steak, so many choices. The staff is always friendly. If you still have room, try the parfait or the cream brûlée.
good food but service was just ok. they add 18% gratuity for parties of 6 which i would not give for what service i recieved from the food server. Food server wasnt even checking if the food was ok or not.   i saw more of the busboy more than the food server.  i think the food server was guaranteed 18% tip and so he did not care if we were taken care of or not. once he served the food we did not see him till we got the bill. and was not even offered desserts. he served ice cream without spoons. how can you eat icecream in a glass bowl? this food server deserved 3% tip...only reason i gave 3 stars was the food was good. would have given 4 or 5 stars if it wasnt for thr service that my family got.
Excellent service. There's nothing special with the food. Fish is not fresh. Not enough varieties with the AYCE menu.
Love it! Big menu and fresh sushi!!! Staff is always pleasant. It can get busy on the weekends but they have call ahead seating!
Great service and fresh sushi!!!!!!  Never fails that the freshness of the food is on point and the prices are reasonable. Family friendly. Quick service
Literally, THE BEST all you can eat sushi. Really nice workers and food is amazing. Highly recommend.
Unorganized chaos!  For a movie that has been out for month!  Hmmm!  But nice place. This place is decent for movies.a.  Ambiance - Great lobby, food area, place to hang out before a movie starts - 5 star.b.  Parking - You are at a casino and have to walk a long way to get to the theater. You will need to give yourself time to get there  - 3 starc.  Service - On July 4, what a mess. They had a lot of people at one time and the line was forming near the escalator which is a huge fire and safety hazard. Finally they got staff to fix this, but at the expense of pushing people around in line and doing this commando style and not with any organization or coolness to it.  - 1 stard.  Eats - Beside your standard flavors, they have one of those great coke machines that can do a huge variety of mixed coke products. Way cool.  Also, at the bottom of the elevator is the Steak and Shake place. At 5:00 pm on July 4, for about 10 minutes, no line. amazing. 5 stare.  Theater - They have a huge theater for high def movies, and a  lot of smaller movies. I saw a movie in their smallest theater and it was rink dink. I think it is almost same as watching it on netflix. Spacing between the seats is tight for both shoulder room and leg room. Not a lot of thought went into this theater when you compare it to Rave (AMC 18) or Galaxy. 2 starI have seen a few movies here and do not plan to come back really. It is just that the positives do not outweigh the negatives. There are plenty of places that have better seating and screen sizes.However, if you like to be at Southpoint, and down to your last 8.00 during the day, this is a place to check out to pass the time away with your blockbuster movies!
Super nice staff! Clean theaters and great prices on Tuesdays!!! I do wish that the chair I sat in didn't squeak every time i made the slightest move. But the sound quality is great and I do love the nice, helpful staff!
Tuesdays $5. Love this theater popcorn a must! It's really busy on Tuesday nights so hit the day shows!
Cheap movies, comfy seats. Starbucks avaialbe. Dont have to worry about rushing to get a tciket. Come any time.
What a great place. Always love the happy hour here. Always good, friendly service ! We stop in every couple weeks for guaranteed good food and a cold beer.
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!  Do I need to say more?   The best in town.  Everything is fantastic!
They have the best gyros it the city.I always get chicken shawarma, it's the best.It's fresh and taste good.Staff is friendly and always smiles.
Who couldn't love whole foods?! The only downside to shopping at Whole Foods is their prices, but other than that everything is amazing. Quality, service, as well as the atmosphere. I never have a bad thing to say about this place.
Exceptional meal here.  excellent service. delicious food.  would try again for sure.
A venerable favorite in Scottsdale ..... $$$$ but worth it.....  The lobster mash is beyond luxurious. Sin cake dessert is easily split between 3 or 4. A must go when in town
Best steak place in Phoenix hands down. Very consistent food and service. It can be a bit noisy though! Still, the steaks are amazing so, it's worth a bit of noise.
Bit pricey- but always delicious. My family and I always enjoy! Be sure to try the herb crusted salmon and fried crab wontons...you won't be disappointed!
Great food.. Slow service, I mean really slow bordering on bad service. We went at lunch when the restaurant was not crowded .. I had the lunch Asian chicken lettuce tacos. They were fantastic. The twins ordered kid meals. The first was the chicken tender kids meal. One of the best kids meals I have seen. Highly recommended for kids. The second  kids meal was the burger sliders they were just ok. The kids fries are served in a silver bucket which the kids love. We had for dessert the Oreo cheesecake.. Safe choice for anyone. It was more than enough for one adult and 2 school aged kids.
Thank you for saving our Christmas meal ingredient scavenger hunt!! Stay open on Christmas and save more dinners!
Excellent food. Excellent service.  Chocolate Italian ice is THE BEST!   Try it, you'll like it.
Shelby is a very very nice associate!!! She is very personable and remembers her guests well.I love this target because most of the associates here have personality and seem to be happier in general.I can ALWAYS find something I'm looking for here, and employees are always plentiful in regards to helping me find something :)
Outstanding pizza and the wigs are perfect! The Greek salad was also amazing and full of fresh veggies! Love it.
A little over priced but food is amazing. Delivery is always fast and friendly. I eat there about once a week.
Owner seems very nice. Fish n chips for three!  Unfortunately, the fish n chips were not for us.  Both my son and I agreed that the Alaskan cod had an off flavor taste to it that we did not like.  He did like the French fries though.  He thought those were good.We also did not make the best choice in seating.  We chose to sit outdoors since it was a nice day but the picnic table next to us had three guys smoking and the cigarette smoke headed our way and ended up making  my son and his friend have stomach aches.Overall, it was an okay experience.  I would go back again to give them a second chance and try some of the other items on their menu just cause the owner seemed like such a nice guy!
Its all about the experience! Ask for Kris. She is the best! Don't forget to treat her well if she makes your night.
Always a great time. Great food & great service. I recommend the Top shelf guacamole. Also try the pescado tacos
Worst service ever!  So sad, will not return!  There was only two groups and we absolutely could not get service
Alpha phi sigma bowling social vs. Criminal justice clubWe tried to create a friendly and competitive challenge, however there were no lanes! :(( Yes, believe it or not all lanes were ocupied at 7:15p.m or so due to league bowling. The cashier offered to call the Orleans but we didn't take her up on that offer. The Gold Coast is the Gold Coast, desperately  in need for a renovation. There are about 70 lanes, equipped with a pro shop, cafe, bar, and kids zone.The pro shop services your bowling balls. The cafe is rather divey serving your basic pizza by the slice, hot dogs, french fries, nachos (with bagged cheese), chips, and fountain drinks. The bar is a smoke pit as this is the designated smoking area. There was a full bar; serving wine, beer, and spirits. Bartenders were somewhat pleasant as they were just going through the motions waiting for their shift to end. I didn't notice any happy hour specials, but the prices were okay...$4 for a glass of wine, $3 & change for a bottle of heineken. The kids zone was full of novelty games you would find in a typical arcade.I saw many lockers, probrably with a monthly charge for league memebers. Forgot your socks? No worries, they have a sock vending machine $3 or $4 for a pair. There is an abundance of balls that you can borrow for the non-pros and are there just to have fun. The bowling balls vary by weight, colors, and finger sizes. Shoe rentals are available with the purcahse of games if need be. The only icky thing to me is that although the staff sprays some disinfectant in the shoes after each use, it still grosses me out...You just don't know where peoples feet have been!The monitors at each lane are screaming for an upgrade, but on the flipside, it matches the feel of the Gold Coast; old and grungy.This is a good place to meet up with a group of people and have a load of fun, inexpensively. Just be sure to give them a call during the week before your group goes down there to double check on bowling league nights & lane availability.The only plus to this bowling alley is its inexpensive prices and it is smoke-free (well except for the bar)! One of the staff was friendly, but the rest of the gang was old and just seemed grouchy. Don't go there for the service, that's for sure!
Went into this F&E this evening and a lady told a f&e employee that one of the meats packaged was very old. He just walked by her and said well don't buy it then. there were about 5 customers  and all of our mouths just dropped:0 The lady was very respectful at his comment and said that was a weird response. I said that was rude!  I think another customer went to report it to the manager. Smh!Update! F&e responded to my help review.  That was fast! Thanks f&e. Your market is still the best market to shop at.
Beyond delicious!!! Wonderful home made tasting burgers & fries. Bbq burger good & thousand island burger good
Best burger and fries I've had in a LONG time. Highly recommend! Thought I could make it through the 1/2 pound burger but the fries were too good to put aside. I hear the shakes are amazing but I'm too full! Next time, I'm definitely getting a shake!
Best pizza in Scottsdale!  Great for lunch or dinner.  Staff is always nice and their food is amazing.  Pauly is a character!!
Not kid friendly. No h/c. They are the only ones in the neighborhood that still have seafood and crab salad but I happened to get the bottom of the pale so it was kind of gross.
Best chicken flautas ever. Love this place. Good drinks and food! Convenient location and quiet plaza. Lots of parking
Great shop the manager Tina was awesome great customer service will be back when we come back to vegas lots of choices to choose from great work Tina
Extremely well priced for the quality and style you get. The men's section is great and they are always brining in new styles that are affordable.
Pretty typical Vegas buffet. Lots of options and variety. A bit on the pricey side. They offer a day pass that allows you to go multiple times throughout the day which actually saves money if you eat all your meals there.
Great food for the price, get the all you can eat for the day and get your money's worth..
Got our recordings and loved listening back! I think it will be fun to review in a year or so. Thanks again Suzy!
Cool place, redecorated interior. Bar staff is usually pretty attentive and very kind. Waitresses are usually slow so sit at the bar if you can.
Shopping with Adonis & Terra. I am NOT a shopper so this is a great place to bring my family and friends who like to shop. It's easy to maneuver and find an assortment of shops. Parking is easy and plentiful. Close to the strip. Great assortment of places to eat and relax while your party shops. It's outdoor so it a plus for me. I can breath fresh air and instead of a/c. Overall a great easy interesting mall
Just hanging out . I see blue martini in our future. I love town Square, we just weren't able to stay there, long, we weren't prepared.  We didn't bring a jacket, so it was starting to get cold.  But this is a awesome place to just hang out, go shopping, to the movies, and of course happy hour!
Pricey high end shops. Cute boutiques. Nice outdoor eateries.This place has changed so much in the past 5 years that I barely recognized it. Last time I had seen it, most of the buildings hadn't been built.Looking at it, it's pretty much like an outdoor Bellagio/Venetian. The feel of the architecture is about the same. There are a lot of high end shops and pretty cool cafes/restaurants such as Brio. Very, very cute. I looked around more than anything, I couldn't buy anything because it was very pricey, but I love the look and feel of the whole square. Would definitely try to go back one day.
Quick To-go service is not so "Pronto."  Tequileria is located right in the center of all concourses at Charlotte Airport while you are crossing over gates to catch your next flight, you will not miss it in the corner.Had the Jicama Salad that sounded SOOoooOOOoo very good in the description, I had to have it to-go on my flight home.Firstly, the salad took forever...Almost twenty minutes in the "Quick To-Go" area dubbed as "Pronto" service.  The only thing that I asked for extra is for them to add grilled chicken to the salad.  Once I got to the gate, I was expecting this crisp and refreshing Jicama and nice luscious lettuce blend with some tomatoes and cheese.  But instead, I found myself some shredded iceberg lettuce that looks like its used to top their tacos and several strips of Jicama and some diced tomatoes and shredded cheese.  That is it!  So very bland and the chicken was paper thin to say the very least.  BleAahhHHh...  On top of that, I got to my gate and realized there wasn't even dressing in the bag...so I sucked it up and just ate it because I already bought it and was hungry and there was no turning back to get dressing (which in the description, it was tossed in).  Uhhh...Never again...BLeaHhHhh...
Best place for food and great price. I had a salmon club sandwich for dinner and coconut princess cake for dessert very good for the price.  Highly recommended!
Margarita flight is good but mango margaritas are the best.  Stopped in for a drink and the bartender has just made a flight for display.  Perfect for sharing on Valentine's Day.  Bartender didn't keep hounding us and we sat in the little bar area watching people and the fountains.   Great spot!  I will definitely make a point to go there again for the mango margarita.  It was that light, refreshing and easy to drink.
Everything they make is awesome!  If you're here later and have a dirty and good sense of humor, ask for the dirty show! You'll thank me!! Young and Tiger are my favorite chefs! The Saketinis are awesome!!
Possibly the best meal in Vegas!!!I've been to Japanese steakhouse all over the country and this place blows them away!Sauces are amazing!!! My wife and I try to go any time we have the chance.
Are there any good stores here anymore? I remember in high school this was the hangout place, but now it seems run down and very vacant. All the good stores are gone, i.e hobby bench and they've put in a lot of cheap clothing stores. Not a fan anymore, other than the Costco I guess.
Eggplants fries are the bomb!  Yes, it is also part of the AYCE sushi menu.  Typically, we would go to Goyemon for the AYCE, but Island Sushi is our next go to place if we don't want to trek to Goyemon.The fish selection are great here too.  They are fresh and delicious.  What I like to order here are not just the egglants fries, but the crab tako.  I can chow down three order of these because the sauce and the raw crab goes so well together.  For dessert, we only get one order per person, so I typically chose wisely.  I would get the malasada if it was fresh, and not just a lump of stale dough.  If I asked and it has been sitting since earlier that day, I would default to the brownie and scoop of ice cream.Overall, I am a fan and will return.  They also have a AYCE brunch menu that includes item like King's Hawaiian bread french toast, and other interesting items.  Check it out if you have not done so!
Their all you can eat sushi is the best.  Great local sushi.  Great service.  Great price!
My favorite sushi place! They are so welcoming and delicious! My favorite rolls are the island and the big island! Plus poke express is inside of here! :)
Sushi was good and beers are always cold.  Sat at the Sushi bar for a afternoon break from the norm.  The lunch specails are good pricing and the sake made it a perfect.  Tried some new flavored sake which was prety tasty.  Food quality was good, the scene was freindly and staff was more then willing to help out and get refills.  I will be back and will bring some more people with me. will
Excellent food and very professional service. The menu had many options and the waitress was very kind. I would highly recommend  this restaurant
Not bad sushi. We did the all you can eat. Wish that they did half rolls. Wanted to try a lot of stuff on the menu. No problem though. 4 full rolls, ahi poke appetizer and an 808 dessert later...very satisfied!!!Would recommend you give this place a shot. Do the all you can eat cause a couple rolls and appetizer are same or more than the 21.95 price of AYCE
Good God...parmesan meatballs!   Take a meatball, bread it, deep fry it, and serve it with marinara and mozzarella!  Just wish the service was more consistent.  We ate here more than once on the trip.  Lunch was great - greetings at the door, prompt/friendly service, and good food.  The late night dining not so much.  No greeter, no water when we ordered, no silverware with the food, no one to bring the check.  Hmmmm...  Need a little work.  I understand it's late, but if the restaurant is going to offer late night hours they need to be sure the guest experience is up to standards.
Good food and Great Seafood Bisque. This is like my third time coming here and every time the food gets better and better.
Great food. It,s like going back in time. Clean and the staff is very friendly We had the ribeye and it was great.
Had a great time, new blood added new material, fantastic time. Only time felt like food wasn't cooked exactly as desired & think salad not as good as before but still great. Will continue to be back. Happy birthday to my Mommy - do wish they would have embarrassed her more.
It shouldn't take two hours to be seated,great food but takes forever to sit down. Got here at 5,was seated by 7:00 and then dinner was done at 9:30.
The food was great and our Chef, Stephen was awesome! My wife had the hibachi shrimp and I had the spicy hibachi chicken and everything was good. The chicken fried rice was also tasty. We will back soon.
We sat in the bar since it was a bit of a wait for a table. We were able to find a high-top right away and received excellent service. Awesome food and awesome service!!! Thank you Corey!!!
Awesome!!The food here is fresh and refreshing... I had the rolled tacos and they were simply delicious.  The customer service is above and beyond!
Good food, good sized portions, good attentive service..... The decor was nice and trendy, I like the fact that you can sit outside too. We had just missed the crowd which was great because the service was superb. I would recommend... I had the pasta rustica, my fiance had the seafood pasta. It was a lil pricey but worth it.
Really enjoyed the show. Loved Tanner in this role. He rocked it!!!  This is definitely a must see if you're a Prince fan.
Fresh&Easy works for me anytime! I get produce for my smoothies and other plant based dishes + I get bonus $$$$
Wonderful menu very clean and inviting!!Had to return before leaving AZ Truly a delightful breakfasts.
Nice place. Close to attractions. Clean rooms. Was upgraded to Hilton Honors floor which was quiet.
Super weak drinks and a mediocre DJ make for a crappy night out at this place. The cocktail waitress tried to push a minimum on us when her time would have been better spent refilling our drinks and making sure her bartender wasn't screwing us and her over. The dance vibe was cool but the bar ruined it.
Best Bang for your buck and awesome people watching inside an air conditioned bar!  The Happy Hour from 2AM - 2PM is awesome. It it a hidden gem on the second floor of NYNY casino.
The best in the Valley. Period. I value excellence in a barber shop in every aspect. I was welcomed with a beverage offering and an open chair. Sam is awesome and takes pride in his work and the shop. Perfect haircut and went with the Royal Shave for the best experience I've had on a barbershop. Call ahead and your wife can get her nails done while she waits.
This location is always packed in the mornings. But they have a drive thru. Their breakfast sandwiches leave much to be desired, but the muffins and coffee cakes are delicious. They are our Sunday treats.
Not busy at all today. Able to get in and out. Great service with some good recommendations! This spot was recommended by a friend for lunch who said they had the best cheesesteak sandwitches in town. I have to say that I was I'm pressed and even more impressed with the sweet potato fries. The great thing I liked about customizing the sandwitches was that I was able to add bacon to the delightful treat!! You can never go wrong when bacon is involved!! Great option for lunch!
Best cheesesteak in the valley and fast service as well! Kind of a hidden location but finally took up a friend's recommendation to check them out. Will definitely be back soon.
Phenomenal. Do it. And the place is spotless...so clean! And great service! Yummmmmmmmmm
Fast and tasty. Best cheese steak in town. Great if you don't have much time for lunch. Check them out.
Awesome place to have dinner. I'm from out of town. Great grits and shrimp. Steak and lobster was amazing.
Ordering was fast, nice display of the menu, and food was brought to us. Quiet. My boyfriend and I enjoyed the space and solitude, better than next door when it was crowded. Appetite satisfaction.
Good breakfast skillet, not going to lie I saw the cleavage from the parking lot and it was the reason I stopped in. Pretty good atmosphere.
Great vegetable  & beef soup!caldo de res.lots of fresh vegetables and meat. The broth is very tasty and rich.Staff is friendly and very helpful in describing menu choices.
Over priced Fake Mexican food.  The restaurant has a clean friendly atmosphere and the waiters are very friendly but at the end of the day the food is ok at best.
Great food. Great service! JJ is the best! The #11 combo rules and the taco salad the wife loves.
They sell $10,000 Symbian phones but built with the most amazing build quality you could imagine.  Now, that eliminates basically everyone reading this review from being a potential paying customer of theirs; you probably have a modern smart phone, that cost between $100 and $500 with a two-year contract, and are quite happy with it.But that's not why they get two-stars, since reviews have to be in the context of the store, and you can't ding a store just because the target market for, again, a $10,000 Symbian phone is tiny.  So why ding it?Because the guy who was working there didn't know his product well; he couldn't explain basic features of the phone, he couldn't make it sound exciting, and he couldn't make it a good "experience".  Considering a for vast majority of their foot traffic, they're trying to sell the "awesome" behind the brand, with an emphasis on "awe", this is a major problem.  It gets two stars instead of one, because I think the whole thing is kind of cool, and worth poking your head in if you're at the Wynn already.
This is basically a high fashion phone. Ranging anywhere between $9,000-$500,000The gentleman was an African american gentleman, very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful, very informative.  We obviously weren't there to buy one but we were intrigued.  So we perked up and asked him questions regarding what makes them so much better...He was very thorough.  Even pulled one out and showed us the quality of the product, let us know what it was made from, and how people can go really crazy decking one of these accessory phones out! lol I won't be purchasing one, but am thankful for the quality of help and information that was given to us, and felt I should write about it.
Really enjoyed my brunch. At least a 4 star place.
Buy 1 get 2nd 50% off entire store great deal. The staff is very nice and acknowledges you when you walk in. They have band t-shirts, goth attire, albums and sometimes we can find Nightmare Before Christmas items too. Though we did not find anything this time, we will be back.
Food was good. Service was spotty. Long waits for everything. Not the cleanest place either.
A chain, only one in WI.  Before our food arrives it really resembles a Claim Jumpers.  But it is brewery too.  I am trying a Bock & Wheat.Food and service excellent.Very high level casual!  We will be back next time in Madison!
Best cupcakes I've ever had or ever will have! Love the peanut butter cup! And the mint! Can't wait to try more!
Great for the price and awesome staff. Never a disappointment. Great drinks. Thursday is oyster shooter  day 2 bucks for a oyester shot. Great location.
Can we say mechanical bull! I may have try it!  If your looking for a fun evening then I highly recommend you going here!
I feel kind of weird writing a review of a place that I go to for necessity.  This place is pretty small but they are pretty organized.  I buy most of my meat's from Fresh & Easy because of the deals they have.  I mean, packages of 6 chicken legs for less than 5 dollars.  Come on!  That's a great deal.  They also have a pretty decent selection on ethnic foods & spices.  And, if organic is your thing, and you don't live near a Trader Joe's or similar, then this is a must hit.  And, if you want something quick and easy, you can pick up some pre-made meals that are good and cheap.  But, my must have, and the real reason that I come here, is for the Organic Coconut Oil.  It is $8 and a staple in my diet.  Don't trust the map on Yelp for this place. It's near the corner of D.I. & Nellis.  Not on Sandhill & Viking.
Bad ass burger and parm-truffle fries rock! Great draft selections as well. Food came quick and hot. Service was good and the outside patio is great on one of those perfect Spring Charlotte nights.  Definitely worth a trip!
Great potato skins and baked cookie dessert.Lots of TVs.   Great place to watch sports
Skip this Buffett!! Don't even let the 2 for 1 whisper to you! You've been warned!I was not impressed by the buffett at all. They have a small selection. All food of the food is not properly heated. Waitress service was lacking. Not friendly at all.  The best was the views of the habitat while eating.Not much to say
Love the quality and freshness of the sushi here. The Kabuki Roll is a little tricky to handle but presentation and taste make it worth the effort. Don't miss out on side dishes like the cucumber salad, which makes a great refreshing appetizer. Beware if you sit at the sushi bar, the wait staff may reach over you and your food to pick up orders. Mention it to the staff and they'll hopefully be more careful.
Super fast service! Awesome fresh Sushi I checked in and got a coupon for free cali rolls!! Pretty slick marketing!!! : ) Definitely will be back, and checking in again!! Thanks again!
My favorite Japanese restaurant,  here almost every week and we have the kabuki card. Whoever the host is who sat us, I feel so disappointed! She never told the server that we were there. We waited for a very long time, first time to be treated like this. The server was very apologetic, I wish I got the name of the girl who sat us down. I was hungry, almost got into a fight with my husband coz I said I was going to ask why nobody asked for our orders yet, he didn't want me to ask and just wait, turned out the server didn't know.
Get the Alaskan rolls with cream cheese :-) You are welcome! I always come here and everyone us so friendly and the food is always fresh. If you catch them during happy hour that's even better
Amazing cocktails and great food! Best sushi in Madison! Try the spicy shrimp and the Lychee Martini!
One of my favorite places in town! Good for sushi lives and non sushi lovers alike.  Wonderful raw and non raw options.  The tempura, the hanger steak, and the sushi are excellent.
Favorite place for groceries. Good prices on staples. Sign up for the e-newsletter and you'll get a weekly coupon.My love for Fresh and Easy is widely known.  I am a very capable cook; I'm just busy.  I love, love, love several things about F&E:     - Smaller store size makes it easy to navigate     - Good prices on staples; plus they carry a lot of store branded stuff     -  50% off stuff that's reached the sell by date.  Just put it in the freezer people.Negatives are - small selection generally, Fresh produce is laughable and a lot of space is taken up with ready to heat and eat items.  Now, I love the heat and eat stuff, but if that's not your gig, you'll find some things missing.I get weekly coupons that reduce my grocery bill about 20%.  They carry a store branded wine for $2.99/bottle that is actually pretty good.  The staff are really friendly and helpful and I genuinely like shopping there.
Really good food + really good service = a great breakfast experience. :)  Found this place here on Yelp and was very pleased. There were 4 of us (and a baby.) and every one was very happy with their food. Large portions and tasted great!
Wonderful salads that are enough for two people.  Haven't tried their pizza but they look great. As Borat says "Very Niiice."
Great wings great service and the owner is always there. I always order online I have never had a bad experience.  The owner will adjust order if their was a mistake. Favorite wing. Place.
Oh   Great place to make new friends. Excellent food. Service. Very clean.  Great dining experience.
Good affordable beer prices great music if your into metal. Great spot to go to drink and hang with friends. Bar tab was bad for the amount for the rounds we made. They also have a hot dog guy that serves great custom hotdogs and snacks for that last call sober up. Will be returning.
Tina at the barber shop is the best!! I grew up in family owned barber shops and her cut is hands down the finest I've ever experienced!!
Pretty cool decoration with the wheel and the chair - HIDDEN GEMEver since http://www.yelp.com/biz/portola-coffee-lab-costa-mesaThe boyfriend and I wanted to see if there's more of these kind of coffee lab. Yay! Found one in Arizona! Glad we found one near where he lives, because I didn't want to drive any further than 20 mins plus to get some good coffee. Came here in the afternoon on a Saturday, and man were there a lot of people just studying. Drinks+Iced Toddy ($3.95) - The boyfriend got this and holy cow was it strong. A very concentrated coffee. It's like drinking a americano at Starbucks but without mixing it with water. But of course this place was a bit better because it's different + Iced Chai with Soy milk ($4.85) - Yums! You can adjust the sweetness of it, but I forgot to do so so it was a bit too sweet for me.DecorationFeels like you're sitting in a warehouse. Bike wheels are attached with each other like a barrier/wall between two sides. Haha.. I laughed when I saw the hair salon chair. Pretty cool. Chilled place to hang out and to study. Definitely will come back!
Speed is not their thing.  Maybe they need more coffee!  But the cute little apple design in my coffee was worth the wait...not to mention the BEST cappuccino ever!
Much friendlier than before and the coffee is bomb. Lots of hipsters. I went there maybe 4 years ago and haven't been back until now due to the incorrigible rudeness from the staff. Things have improved dramatically.
Food is awesome but service is slow! Yes, I would have dinner here again. They added seafood (crabs, fish) for the choice of meat. Besides chicken and steak.
There's no way around it: the food is terrible.  The chef seems to put no effort into his food, and the decor is weird. There was no pest control it seemed like, so watch out for creepy crawlers!!
Prosecco to start!  Guanciale mashed potatoes - life is good!Ok, life got even better.  Warm bread served with two spreads, an unsalted butter that is creamy goodness and creamy lardo.  Yes, lardo.  Oooohhh so nice.Excellent prosecco started us off and we paired it with proscuitto served with thin apple slices.  Very nice!  We enjoyed the black fettucini served with crab - sooo good.  Our main course - the dry-aged bone-in rib eye paired with Aragone red wine.  Ho-ly COW it's good!  The cart-side table presentation is beautiful, and it's sliced then sprinkled with a little sea salt and a little drizzle of olive oil.  We paired it with the spinach - just a bit salty for us, and the guanciale mashed potatoes with marscapone.  These mashed potatoes are a MUST TRY!  They're served with a poached egg that the waiter breaks and then mixes for you.  Beautiful and so incredibly good - the marscapone, guanciale and egg all come together in perfect symphony.How do you improve on such an incredible meal?  Warm saffron rice pudding for desert is how, paired with Dindarello dessert wine.  Sweet, sweet perfection.  I definitely want this again!Thank you Dawn (our server) - it was a great meal!
Get the All'Amatriciana.Lardo is the best (delicately smooth and melted over the fresh baked bread).Traditional Mario Batali execution and flavor profiles abound.
Most amazing rib eye you will ever have!  This steakhouse is in the Palazzo and I have eaten here twice.  Both times I ordered the dry aged bone-in rib eye ($144).  The beef is massive and cooked to perfection.  Carved table side into thick cuts, stacked into a salivating beef pyramid, drizzled with a tad bit of olive oil (it is an Italian steakhouse after all), and finished off with a dash of coarsely ground sea salt...the best!I've also tried the riserva rib eye.  FYI - the riserva is a special line of their beef aged 180-240 days and ordered by the inch ($$$$).  The riserva steaks have a higher concentration of flavor and are more tender due to the aging process.  You'll hear that riserva steak has a rich "blue cheese-like" after taste and I definitely would agree with that description of uniqueness to the flavor.  Personally, I preferred their standard 90 day aged rib eye but tasting the riserva was a fine experience I would recommend to anyone to try at least once....when in Rome!
Fabulous. Great food and atmosphere. This was the best restaurant we found in Vegas. The servers were incredibly professional. We highly recommend it.
The food is outrageously delicious! I will always go back when I'm craving Indian food. Which now is a lot more often because it's so good.
Sweet buffet deal, not the most amazing food but decent. Mango lassi comes part of the buffet which is great and you get a champagne/soda included too. My top pick would be the samosa and chicken tikka curry. Flavorful and worth a 2nd/3rd round.
I love this place. All the girls are awesome!! Their eminence products and the bumble and bumble products work wonders!!
Ravioli stuffed with squash was very nice. Great atmosphere. Friendly service. And most importantly BYOB!!!
Always tasty!  With the Family!  Thanks Jamie and Wayne P for the gift card!  CPK was extra awesome tonight because of the outstanding service.  Our waiter Kevin was extremely attentive and helpful.  The new salad (Mediterranean) was delicious, the Thai pizza was great as always, and the 22 0z Stella was a bargain at 6.50.  Kevin was kind enough to provide some wine tastings as well, and that over-the-top service was the 5 star earner.
Burger & fries! Enjoy all the time.  We stop by every time we're visiting Arizona since we don't have one in New Mexico.  The sauce on their burgers are delicious.
Last day of business at this location!  Moving around the corner!This was my first visit with a few fellow Yelpers.  Creamy is right!  My coconut ice cream was a creamy delight that melted on my tongue.  So flavorful.  Locally owned and, reopening around the corner in February in a new location. I even got my cone for free!  Don't know why, but I suspect the owners were cleaning out inventory since it was their last day of business here.  They offered cool Asian flavors, red bean and green tea as a nod to their heritage.  After tasting the green tea, I almost opted for it.  They perfectly captured the flavor with out being too light.  Best wishes on their reopening.  What a great neighborhood gem!
Fawn went to pink lotus in gilbert Libby went to polish me pretty in TempeLots of changes at pink polish
I have to admit I have only been here for breakfast.  The chicken fried steak and pancakes are a win!  The omelets are great.  We have been about 6 times and every time has been great.
One of our faves.   Great breakfast portions.  Amazing pancakes.  Always a wait but it's worth it.
Love this place. I always get the egg salad sandwich or the hummus wrap. I wish more company's took as much pride in there product as Z-cafe does. I will continue to eat here 2-3 times a week until they close or I die.
If you want good service, DONT come here. Also they were out of a lot of stuff.  Won't be coming back.
Best Liquor store ever!!! I wish we had these in Minnesota. I couldn't understand how they charge less for more and more for less... But I'm not going to lose sleep over it, i'm just going to buy more.
Best pizza in town!  Gluten friendly,  extremely accommodating!  Made to order fresh pizza coming to you in a timely manner!
The Unlce Louie rustica is amazin'  and so is the spinach artichoke dip. Can't wait to try more more of the menu.
Free onion petal from Yelp. Why not? We were on the east side, en route home from Milwaukee and we were all hungry. Texas Roadhouse solved that problem with unlimited rolls and cinnamon butter, the onion petal and portions large enough to feed an average-sized Mormon family. After the rolls, the onion petal and the complimentary peanuts in the shell, the first of my meal's two sides arrived -- a nice cup of beefy chili covered with cheddar and onions. I was officially full by the time my rib-and-chicken combo arrived with a side of creamy, scallion-topped mashed potatoes. It was all above average if not swanky-steakhouse quality, but I didn't expect that for the price. The ribs were grilled not smoked, tender and the sweet sauce was nice, although not very Texas-like. The chicken was a juicy, thick boneless/skinless breast, grilled and slathered in the same sauce. The wife had the same chicken breast, but hers was on a sandwich. Her steak fries were nothing special. Our son's steak was ordered medium well, cooked right, and neither tough nor grisly; our daughter's chicken tenders were, well, fried chicken tenders. Nothing offensive other than the nutritional hell-hole in which we allow our kids to live. You can tell their meats are not frozen. Feather in their cap. Careful on your way to the restroom. The grease from the kitchen makes the floor back there as slick as the Beltline after a fresh December snowfall. The line dancing by the very friendly staff is a corny cliche that non-Texans apply to Texas, but I get what they're trying to do. I wouldn't make a special trip to Texas Roadhouse, but if there's one in the neighborhood at the right time of day, I might stop in.
Great service, great food, leaving full! Awesome dinner for Fourth of July! Came here with the family and always enjoy eating here! Service was fast and proper, the food was fresh and was cooked to desired taste and always enjoy their dinner rolls! Would recommend getting the rib eye and the ribs! Very tasty!
rare pepes they were not dank but they were pretty rare like they were ok but I honestly think they could have done better
Latin nights, Thursday nights!! :D Well I had the pleasure of attending a Latin night on Thursdays. This place was so packed, like over capacity. The crowd is definitely over 25+. The drinks, as always, are ridiculously over priced as expected- Take shots, you're better off. But at least the music is good- Salsa, Reggaton, Bachata, Rock en Espanol, you name it- they got it- Latin style :D The only bummer is that their dance floor is TEENY-TINY! How are you supposed to get down Latin style with no room to spin around? No bueno. They even have a live band- which is OK- I think they switch up the band every so often because I went once before and the band was awesome, so I guess it just depends. LADIES ARE FREE, and I believe it's $10 for local guys, $20 for other. For their specialty drinks, you will spend around $9-$16, for shots I believe around $7-$12... I not a huge martini drinker but I always get the Raspberry Bikini Martini- Its OK :) Overall, I think this place is an OK spot to hang out. I would rather much dance at a place with a larger dance floor but you gotta love the crowd and lovely people :b
Great place to hang out, but not for talking, it's loud in here! Good for a date when you already know each other! Not cheap, expect to spend at least $30.00 for two cocktails. Live music on Fridays, don't know about the rest of the days.
I got over charged $10.00. Pay with cash or get robbed!!!!  The outside patio is worst!
Service wasn't great. Food was ok, but not worth coming back. They did have a variety which was nice, but again my first and last time, bonito michoacan is much better.
Excellent food and service. Pizza by the slice, baby! Friendly staff. Great location. I like the name Joe and I really like pizza, so this is a win win.
Great pizza, great atmosphere. Exceptional restroom.Staff was friendly, restaurant was clean.
Great craft beer selection..crabcakes are very yummy and loaded with crab...the wasabi aoli is a nice accompaniment. ..definately has that Irish Pub feel!!
Best Irish fare in Phoenix !The only REAL Shepherd's Pie in Phoenix made with lamb, not ground beef, which is the most savory pie I have ever had.  It has ruined me for all all others.  Throw in a pint of Magner's Cider and don't forget the bread pudding!The food alone is worth the trip here!
Get there for happy hour.  The food is excellent and the prices can't be beat!  I ordered the blue cheese burger and onion soup awesome.
Awesome patio, and knowledgable service! Amazing rum selection as well! The food smelled amazing, and I will definitely be back for that in the near future Our bartender was very helpful in helping us pick out different rum-based cocktails, and she was spot on! I'm a whiskey man myself, so she suggested the rum old fashion; it was a bit sweeter obviously but excellent flavor overall. My wife ordered some concoction with rum and pureed kiwi which I could have seriously slurped down in a few gulps it was so good! The drinks are a bit pricey, and I think had they been a little less we would have stayed for another round, but other than that we will absolutely visit this bar again and again!
Great Food. Great service. One of best places in Phoenix. I highly recommend the Jerk Chicken and the Piña Colada. This is not a cheap sugar filled drink, this is an authentic custom made, high quality, fresh ingredients and refreshing drink.
Great food, incredible service, perfect ambiance for a romantic date!Our server was sweet and knowledgable and recommended our appetizers (strongly suggest the rockfish ceviche!). I ordered the jerk chicken, which was a bit too spicey (and I like spicy food), but it was still delicious. My guy loved his prawns too. It was great. The service was seriously commendable, everyone was so on the ball. Loved it and will be back.
Small building not really a waiting area so you stand in the middle of the room which is awkward. GREAT food though! They were ok doing substitutions and didn't charge me extra.The breakfast was delicious and they pride themselves on having different options for all kinds of foodies. Vegans, Vegetarians, health conscious... They also have a list of specialty drinks you can order and homemade jam on the table. I would go back there when its warmer so I could experience it with a little more room.
The food is excellent and they have so many choices! Great place to eat! I had the basic breakfast.... So much food. You get 2 eggs served any way you like, a protein, a carb and a starch. I couldn't even finish my plate. You definitely will not leave hungry!
if you go on a weekend, make sure you allow several hours before your next appointment/meet up/gathering/whatever. we went on a sunday and were told the wait was about 30 mins, which wasn't a big deal, until they gave our 4-person table away to a couple because "it was going to be bad" since somebody else had taken said couple's table at some other previous point in time (yes, we were told some variation of those quotes lol). i mean, whatever, i get it wasn't the couple's fault, but it wasn't ours either. waiting over an hour to sit down for a basic meal wasn't exactly what i bargained for before my 6 hour drive. it'd be a different story if we were told up front about a long wait, then maybe we would have chosen something else! not to mention our service was terrible, i think we saw our waitress two times before we left (and she did not deliver our food). all in all, i'd been here once before and remembered something way better so either i blocked the truth out or this specific visit wasn't up to par, but i didn't much enjoy it and am super sad about it since it was the location we choose for a small group of friends who hadn't seen each other in a while. eh.....live and learn!!
Rib platter anyone?  These fried pickles are so so good!!!  If I fly through this airport there is a 90% chance that I hit this joint!
Love this place. Ruben and the rest of the staff rock. The work the butts off. Great happy hour and great food. They enlarged the patio so it will be nice to sit out there once it cools off.
Bacon wrapped dates. Period. Get them!I lived in NOLA for almost three years and this place is better than any creole restaurant there. You'll pay for it but you get what you pay for.
Delicious and excellent service. Will be backThere wasn't very many people in the restaurant during the lunch hour that we visited.  Shared a lobster bisque soup, spinach salad and pulled pork sandwich.  It was enough for us since it was a late lunch.
Incredible food. I had a great Cuban panini and the quiche Lorraine was superb. The desserts are also incredible, including the creme brulee and raspberry bread pudding. It's a small restaurant with not much inside seating, so be prepared.
Love this location. However, the patrons should make sure to give each other enough space when standing in line. I'd rather not have my ankles destroyed by your shopping cart. Also, don't ever go there on Sundays. Holy hell it gets packed. I think I'd rather starve than shop there on Sundays. Other than that, it's a great location and it's really clean. I also like that they have some organic veggie options that are pretty reasonably priced.
Great place to gay watch. Total suburban vanilla meat. You know probably drives a Toyota but wants that little lexus. Lawyer not a partner or his bf is a lawyer and he's a manager at some chain sports pub. You know what I'm talking.
Always long line in customer care desk! Somebody, address this already !!Very long lines on check out, too!
Just unbelievable how unhelpful they are and rude . Took awhile to find employees then they walked away acting like they didn't know I was talking to them .
Great Happy Hour everyday! Love this place. Probably my favorite place for sushi in Scottsdale. Def. the best happy hour. But I did take one star because they desperately need to update their menu. For months now there are incorrect items...including last night when I ordered the Tempure Ice Cream only to find out they no longer use Chocolate & Peanut Butter ice cream but they now use Chocolate & Banana. Same with the drink menu. Not a huge deal...just a little annoying.
Good boba tea. Good rice. Huge selection of instant noodles. Affordable. The Vietnamese restaurant inside the store is really good too, tasty and fun presentation.
Best selection and good prices!  Can find all the stuff from Thailand, including a lot of the more rare and unusual meats.
Love the selection! Friendly people and a calm atmosphere. Could use maybe a drink directory of like how to make certain drinks and where in the store to find the specific alcohol and components but other than that I'd totally go back.
Good teriyaki chicken, service was excellent, fresh and yummy food.  Food tasted great even after reheating leftovers.
Great customer care and is very clean! All the staff walk around with smiles makes me happy to come in and watch a movie. Btw the pretzels are bomb
Classy little wine bar without the pretentious feel. Small menu items and pizza but kitchen closes at 10 on weekdays.  So far, I've tried the wine, but not the food.  I will be back.
This place out of business! Drive by this last weekend there was no River City at that location!
walked in, got seated the table was still dirty/oily/sticky. Smelled like a mixture of cleaning products and old fish. My daughter was getting ill due to the smell so we left. Didnt order, and never will. We were really looking forward to a good bowl of pho. It was disappointing.
#44 is awesome.  I come here for that every time.  It is s metal bowl with rice around the inside and cooked to be crispy.  Then they add a stir fry meat and veg on top of that.  If is very good. I think the thing that makes it better than most is the sauce. I would normally call it a white sauce similar to Moo Goo Gi Pan, but it is lighter than that. I'm not sure what the 68 means but I'm guessing it's because it's not as good as 69
Awesome place! Best food store in town! There is so many options you'll find something to delight your taste buds.
Great service. Kind. Bright. Good price. Timely completion of work. Offered advice on prevention of future issues for free.
I can't even order here. It's like families meet Mexican cafeteria. I can't do it! I walked in early to meet a friend and told him to meet me elsewhere. Ewww ;(
Awesome service and the food is ggggggggreat! They made everything to my liking and the guac... Yum!!!
I am very impressed. Friendly staff. A clean car is a happy driver. The staff did a great job and the air freshener choices are awesome. I would definitely go back again.
Ridiculous wait time.  Over an hour in line.  Just wrong.   They need a new system. Each person is taking 10 to 15 minutes each
Love it! Best BBQ going back soon the ribs chicken. And everything delicious make you lick you're fingers
Great for vegetarians!  Try the mushrooms!We've hit up Pars a couple of times when we were stuck in a food rut.  Both times I was very impressed with the experience.  The decor leaves a bit to be desired - it is very dated inside and quite small and dark.  The wine list was also a bit of a drag - pretty cheap selections and nothing unique.  Instead, I had a beer with dinner.  The two of us ordered:Vegetarian Platter (Dolmeh, Maust' Khiar & Hummus) and the Oyster Mushroom Kebab to split.  My boyfriend is HUGE eater, and we were stuffed by the end of the meal - I definitely recommend splitting unless you love leftovers.  Great food - we will definitely be back the next time we can't decide where to head in our neighborhood!
Excellent Chicago style Beef, thoroughly love their bread. My fave is the beef and sausage combo with provolone and hot peppers. The surrounding are very plain, so go for the flavor, not the scene. Of the 3 of the big Chicago Style sandwich joints around, Portillo's, Luke's, and Big Al's, this place would be my go to for a take out during a work day lunch.  Not really a sit down type of place, but the prices are kinda of high when compared to the other two listed, but probably edges out the other two in flavor alone.  The bread and Au Jus and meat combination are worth it.
Best middle eastern restaurant in Vegas [period]Friendly and attentive staff, delicious food made fresh from scratch. Feel this is highly underrated /not as popular as it deserves to be due to the location.
Great food and service. My family love eating here. It's heaven if you are from the Middle East. The owner and staff treat everyone great. We are Israelis and they are Arabic I believe and if everyone acted in the middle east the was they do at this place we would have peace in the middle east. Wish they had a six star option :)
I love their food especially the egg plant, lo-mein, and fried rice.would eat here anytime. Service is good too. Atmosphere is nice too.
Delicious food. Delicious Chinese food. Delicious food.Delicious food. Delicious Chinese food. Delicious food.
BEST HOT DOG IN MY LIFE.   Very clean and gives you a good laugh as well.   I can't wait to go back again
I have had several amazing dogs from the chilli man. He is a true hot dog hero. My most recent dog, the chicken parm with pesto, was an absolute masterpiece. He has amazing prices for uptown food. He's like the soda machine with last decade's prices.
These guys are awesome, don't trust anyone else with your tires. I came in at 3pm with a chunk of metal in my tire. With the 3 year warranty I waited 20 minutes got my a brand new tire, rotated, balanced the whole shebang. Love these guys keep up the good work!
Water + fire + tribal drum beats = fun for everyone, no matter if you're 9 or 99. The Mirage has stepped up their game in a great way. Gone is the boring show from when I was a kid, and it was a glorified fountain. Now you've got a spectacle that actually makes you feel like you are in some tropical paradise.I've sent other reviewers warn about not getting to close... Not to worry. They now put up a fence backing up the crowd a bit. Still warm (which I thought was great since I was cold), but you definitely won't burn.
Great? No. A decent, reasonably priced burrito for an airport, and fast? Yes.  There's not that much to say about a place like this, other than if I was hungry in this airport terminal again, I'd probably be back.  The staff was both fast and friendly, given that they were busy.  They sell decent (non-alcoholic) drinks, including Naked Juice.Probably the best thing on the menu is the Blue Burrito Super Burrito.
so good its hard to believe......chicken with fried rice is amazing.....also tried the curry bowl and noodle soup (pho). ..... wonderfuland the seafood wontons with moon sauce are addicting.
all hail moonsauce! Their food is always amazing! I usually go down on the weekends and get food off the cart. Love it.
Pizza was fantastic & service was excellent! They also have an amazing almond cake that is probably my favorite dessert anywhere. I usually come in pretty late, & it has been sold out from time to time in the past, so I recommend calling ahead to make sure they have it in stock. I often come in right before seeing a movie @ the theatre next door, & when I tell them I am in a hurry, they always bring the food & bill asap. Very good Sicilian pizza. Great place, great people!
Good quality but garlic sauce needs some work. descent portion size ;) the salad was pretty good and same for the overall meal. I am just a garlic sauce lover and I wish that could be more garlicky... besides that the foods pretty healthy
Atmosphere is a little weird but the food is always awesome :) service is so-so, but they get the job done. The gyro plate may seem over priced, but it's really big.
Disgusting!  Frozen deep fried trash. This place may be old and a community staple, but the foods is not good. At all.
We love Pete's! Try the onion rings with tarter sauce. Nomnomnom. Great service as well. Thanks guys!
Always the place to go for a great meal. Good comfort food! The chili Verde is just right, try in on the chicken fried steak.
This place is AMAZING! !! Underrated. . Great home style cooking .. Friendly staff.. Perfection to its finest
Between the Chicago dog and the Italian sausage, this place is doing it right. Try the Italian fries, definitely delicious with the root beer.Beer battered fried mushrooms are also a hit for me.They have fast and friendly service even on the busiest of afternoons.
So we decided to give this place a try knowing that it has some previous complaints on service.....well same old story and same old song and dance.  Very poor service, Greasy Fries and a tit-for-tat brouhaha between the server and the cook resulted in a 1.5 Hour wait and no food to boot. Lame service and the cook and server need to go. The owner came out and tried to apologize but the damage has been done. He should have offer a free meal for the 4 of us but he didn't go that extra mile so I'm posting what I think of this place. What restaurant serves the side (fries and ring) before the Burger come out? That was our first clue Sherlock, and then the marathon wait begins.......................Nothing! So we left and went to Farmers Boys and got our meal in a reasonable time, Really FB beat you losers out?greasy fries and very slow service. never again.......
Waited in the longest so they can tell me cash only. And they are also rude about it
Excellent food and service.  Great steaks, salmon, and salads!  There is a great patio to sit when the weather is nice as well.
Nettes Lokal in einem riesigen Hotelkomplex. Wie immer wenn man in den USA Wein trinkt, nicht gerade billig. Unbedingt mit Foursquare einchecken. Halber Preis auf das zweite Getränk.
Get the bottles, you can't go wrong. This lovely little atmosphere holds it own in a big shopping area. It has everything great about it and only missing music.Everytime I go to LV I make it a point to stop here and relax from all the crazy nights and days.
Desserts are amazing! I ate dinner with friends before and stopped by To take care of our sweet tooth.We ordered:Baked Alaska  ice cream and marshmallowBanana cream  unique
Chicken and steak not ready for customers, had to wait extremely long for chicken. Extremely long wait for meat.
My favorite restaurant... The eel is TO DIE FOR!! It the best in the summer! So good!!! The servers are so nice and accommodating. We always go family style and get a huge plate of sushi and sashimi... It is always so good!
Great, fresh, fast! Lamb pita and feta salad were amazing.  The lamb was tender and juicy.
The best Middle Eastern food in Nevada. Love it. Me my cousin & daughter went there to eat tonight & they have excellent food & excellent service. I will be going back. Yummy
Entertainment book 2012 has a BOGO up to 7 buckaroos.... and thats basically the best part of it. I didn't think the meat had a lot a flavor and to top it off, the guy at the register was grumpy and I didn't feel that welcoming feeling like other places.
This location is CLOSED! :( I just drove 20 minutes to get here... Wah wahhh
4x4 and animal style fries. GREAT PLACE!!!!
Best Sicilian pizza in Phoenix.  From a Brooklyn nativeRegular pie is good tooNot a fancy restaurant, but the place is the real deal.
My favorite place for delicious treats of italian taste. I can't get enough of the antipasta plate or their sangrias. I only had a bad server one time out of the dozen times I've gone.
Best happy hour in town.  I come here every time I'am in town.  Great staff! The appetizers are awesome.
Awesome food, so so service. I ordered a Martini got the olives 10 minutes after I finished it, ordered a house salad but got a Ceaser, ordered a diet coke got a glass of ice in a hot glass so by the time it got to the table it was ice water. The pizza was excellent and so was the pasta, I would have given a six star review if the server was a tad more attentive. 3 stars is generous and the only saving grace was the quality of the food. I'll give you one more chance perhaps someday but I'm not going out of the way.
I always get my order to go so it's ready in the box, but I found out to get it for here still because you get a delicious salad with it if you are dining in!I order the beef pad see ew and though it is not the best I have had, it is still good. I hear a lot of people ordered the chicken pad thai, so I will have to give that a try!
Good wings even better screwdriver plenty of TVS NICE  location kinda of on the expensive side. It's a  cardinals bar  but they show every  game that's on during Sunday
Great rolls with great price!!!Shrimp tempura is my favorite! The people were professional and I did not have to wait too long for my food. I go there every time I'm in the area, would recommend.
Excellent service from Hannah and delicious food! Will return!Great fish and it was incredibly fresh. I recommend the seaweed salad and specialty roll!
My inner Fattasaurous won out and dragged me to In-N-Out Burger pretty much as soon as I touched down in Vegas this past week!After two months of hard dieting and working out I needed this indulgence. Nay, I wanted this. I had to have it. The beast within would not be denied.So easy to get to by cab as it is close to the strip and they are pretty much running back and forth there every few minutes. Quick ride from Bally's and it was easy to grab one back as they are constantly dropping off in the parking lot. Even late at night it was bustling.Protein style double double, animal style fries, neopolitan shake. Hellz yeah!I sat down at a table with my feast and engorged my fat ass to my heart's delight! Yes, the guilt and dread after eating this made me hit the gym in the morning to burn off all the fatty calories. Is it overhyped? Sure is, and it's not as good as many claim. Shake Shack in NYC is a better tasting burger. Still, you go for the freshly made food here and the ability to order off the not so secret menu which is part of the fun novelty of In-N-Out. That, and the diverse crowd that populates this place. The locals, tourists, and wackos alike make for some fun people watching.
Jim the host is amazing. Such great customer service!  So friendly. A great addition to the delicious food.
A fluffy chicks dream!  A review for Retro?  Hmmmm how to review Retro?  Imagine a sparkly clean space filled with yummy scents filling the air.  Smiling faces greeting you as you walk in and chat with you about your day without being intrusive.  Colorful and artfully cupcakes and cookies tempt the eye as well as the tummy.  Cherubs float by on puffy clouds playing harps while winged....okay maybe that is a bit much.  :D  I am a fluffy chick from the South.  I know my cupcakes and these my freinds are cupcakes worth driving any amount of time for.  In fact when I drive to Utah to visit family and freinds I have to bring some with me.  The cupcakes are moist, dense and filled with yummy flavors to fit any mood.  The place is clean and bright and the staff is fun, knowledgeable and warm.  Something not always found here in Vegas.  The cookies are huge and just a delish as the cupcakes and the pies oh the pies!!!  They also do cakes for any occasion.  If you have a favorite flavor call ahead and they are glad to make sure some are there if they can.  Now run!!!  Run to Retro!!
Great cupcakes!!  I've tasted and retasted just to be sure. Friendly service. Would recommend.
Tuscan harvest salad... Yum!  And who can only eat 1 of those triangle crackers?  Not me!  I've found that the service is better at the Town Square location but that the quality of the food is equal.  Sitting on the patio is one of life's little pleasures.
6 Beer Sampler, Belgian, awesome! I loved the Petrus Aged Red the best! It has a strong and sweet berry flavor. The dessert was fabulous! I had the brownie sundae, well worth the 15 minute wait to order, and it would be enough for three people easily!
Best happy hour around. Try the california roll poke style. Not a fan of the rib eye. A little on the small side and over cooked. The chocolate suffe is excellent though. Also try to order beers that are on the popular side as the ones that sit in the draft lines get flat.
Truffle Burger is the best burger in the planet. Beer list is impressive. Awesome. Service was great. My go to Vegas spot when I don't want to spend an hour parking and want great food and great beer.
The rose garden beer is amazing here. 100% recommended! Interior is nice and tidy with lots of space. Almost no wait time.
Drinks are kind of high for Las Vegas but the service here is great...........................................
Delicious food & great service!! They pay attention to detail...my boyfriends 2nd drink came to our table looking odd and the server noticed it didn't quite look like the first one and took it back to get it made right!! Even the hostess that sat us was very pleasant and asked us about our day and whether we would like a booth or a table! They have something for everyone here!
Good food, Awesome friendly service, always clean. We just love coming here!You can get breakfast/lunch/dinner anytime.They have great specials from 12am to 5am too!
Highly recommend the Joe's Shuffle, Moco Loco & Huevos Rancheros.  The gelato bar selection and quality is just 3 stars but hits the spot if you have a craving and don't want to leave the casino.
Can't beat the midnight specials. My friends and I go at least once a week. The wild card special is straight fire. The waiters and waitresses pretty much know us by now and they're cool with us.
Suggest getting the all you can eat sushi. Good quality sushis! And really worth the money when you go in groups because well, it's an all you can eat.
Great service, best all you can eat Sushi in the valley. If your not into the all you can eat they have 1/2 price happy hour Monday thru Thursday All day. The sushi chefs are fun and friendly.
Delicious!!! Go here almost every other day! Staff is helpful, food is delicious, couldn't ask for anything better than that! Make sure to ask for ice green tea (if you're a green tea fan) and the green tea ice cream.
Great service sushi was wonderful awesome prices. I will definitely be back this place is the real deal Holyfield.
Awesome food. Owner is also very helpful with suggestions. Totally recommend this place. The shwarma is just delicious. Pitas are warm and tasty.I would recommend you go with some patiance at Lunch time. Its packed and thats a great thing. My daughters love the Gyros.
Love this place, try the chicken bagel spicy.  Amazing!  Always go here any chance I get.  Thanks.
I am in love with the herbed baguette ! Finally I can have a bread that tastes good ! I love that there are now 3 locations in the valley for those of us who have a myriad of food allergies. All of the breads and etc. are frozen. But yummy, nonetheless. THE only thing I have not loved is the plain baguette. I got one for a Jeep outing with my boyfriend, and it was crumbling in our hands when we made our sandwiches on the trail. The herbed baguette is awesome. As is the herbed pizza crusts; calzones and cinnamon rolls. MMMMM.. such a treat for a food allergie'd person like me. The staff is so helpful and there is also a punch card for your purchases. I am just happy to have this bakery for options!
Great place. White tuna is amazing! Brian is amazing with his client.. you can't beat the food and the customers service here.   My family and i are regular at the this restaurant.  Great food, great people and beautiful decorated.. 5 stars all day long!!!!!
Nice place with great music. Great thing is they open late til 1am on a weeknight.they have a variety of different selection.. food overall was delish.  Nice waiters kept refilling out water glasses.
out of this world - Japanese Wagyu & São Paulo ... So so so so good. So so so so goodWill definitely be back.Nobu at Caesars is terrible.
Poor customer service and the portion of the sushi is not enough! :( not worth the money and time.
Unique flavors, with very unique atmosphere. Small portions with big prices. Just wanted a light snack after a long day at the convention and shared a few different roles. The quality was very good but ended with a $75 bill
Sea bass screwers soooo yummy!!!!!!  Samba split was very unique and a must try with caramelized bananas, dried pineapples and other goodies.  Best of all server Isabella was very gracious, informative and really enhanced my experience.  In all a wonderful experience.
Always a staple for good boba tea! Friendly staff, great drink! Love this place!watermelon slushy it was amazing! So refreshing ! My friend has honey dew slushy is very good too!
Is "California Cool" a brand? I think so, and I think In-N-Out personifies it better than any store in the mall selling overpriced clothing in Euro sizes.Fresh ingredients including never frozen beef, and fries that are made after you order them. Pretty cheap pricing. Friendly service. Spotlessly clean. A secret menu adding intrigue to the ordinary.So, what happens if you ask for your burger Gangnam Style?
Great price. Great variety. Even have a kids section. Decent priced. They have it broken in sections which is nice where you can focus on one section of food at a time.
Amazing - chicken wonton nachos , tom kha and firecracker chicken.. Top notchService was great and the food was fast. Must try copper ale - in house microbrew
Shit service! Shit....It's too bad there is a lot if competition in the area, and the menu looked great..
Fun place,  great HH prices,  and Ashley was an awesome bartender. It was close to closing time and she made sure everyone was taken care of. She wasn't concerned about trying to rush everyone along so she could go home. We will definitely be back.
Best martinis! Tuesday is ladies night $4.75 martinis!! Service was amazing, loved all the martinis we tried and we tried 3 each! Super quick service!yummy yummy yummy!
It's all about the flavors! The Master Chiefs will not disappoint you! Come check out Marssa you will not leave unsatisfied! Our server was EXEMPLARY! I came with my little angelic nephew who isn't very angelic and our server just gave him the BEST night of his life. I believe his name was John. He's skinny, short hair, and said he had kids of his own. Absolutely a superb experience.
Bagels! Bagels! They have bagels and toast them up for you! - and it was right across the street (Fremont Street) from the 4 Queens where I was staying. So I could have a warm bagel back it my room in no time! It was nice and quick and easy and about all I wanted for breakfast. After all Vegas is not usually about breakfast!
Best coffee in the world! I've been to many states and always had dunkin donuts! From Boston to California!
Family owned, been going here for the last 10 plus years. Great staff and food! My wife hates onions so we don't get that! This is great pizza! I love to go up there because they have the coldest beer in Surprise. It turns into an ice beer slushy as you drink it!
The best Pizza in town! Great people! Family owned restaurant. I have come to this place for years and never had bad experience everrrr!!If you want to try the New York style pizza in AZ!, this is the place to test!!
I love this place!  Dine in or take out!  The bread is such a great perk!  I think the pizza and salad combo is perfect.  Nice clean environment and the staff is always pleasant.  Would recommend to anyone who is in the Surprise area to stop for lunch or dinner!
Absolutely love this place...great pasta, good service.  Only complaint, always busy!
Terrible experience.  They kept us here for 7 hours! Then lied about promised gifts. The final straw for me was having to walk back to my location after being falsely promised of a shuttle ride back to my original pick up location.  The deal is NOT worth the hassle, hustle and high sales tactics
Love, love, LOVE the atmosphere!! Love the set up! My first time here, referred by a friend, all I wanted was French toast and it was DELICIOUS!!!! The rest of the menu looked great, can't wait to try other items!The staff was friendly but I didn't care too much for them I just wanted the French toast!
Liked this place better than Craftsteak. Brand Steakhouse has modern decor, dim lighting, and you can look right out into the casino area. It turns to a lounge at night which I can't comment on. I had the crispy chicken skin which was pretty good, but the steak looked way better. The crispy chicken skin isn't just skin, they give you two full pieces of chicken and is served with mashed potatoes. The steak has a few small sides on the plate making it look more appetizing and colorful. I also recommend ordering a few sides to share with the table. Dessert was also really good. We had roasted banana smores and some kind of strawberry cake. I would definitely say this was a solid meal and recommend it to others.  Service, however, was a little slow at times. We were a little pressed for time because we had tickets to see the Jabawockeez.
Try to seat outside. Can't go wrong with sushi and the fountain show.Food is average to be honest.
The food was really great.  Great atmosphere and service but a little pricy. I would recommend trying a few different things as there were lots if great options. I really liked the red dragon sushi.
Horrible service!!!! Very rude and pushy waitress. I will never go back.......we were told that she would only take an order from one person!!! She could not be bothered with speaking to the 7 of us. Overpriced and not worth it
Horrible! The worst sushi we have had in a long time.  Made my husband sick. Paid almost $200 for sushi and I didn't even eat it. I would prefer McDonald instead Yellow Tail.
The spicy tuna pizza is a must have. The rock shrimp is to die for. It's made with truffle oil and melts in your mouth. The service is quick and very efficient. The atmosphere is casual chic, the lighting is dark and sexy.
Very nice store. Staff is very helpful. Bought a jacket and will be back.  I was in around opening in the middle of the week so the store was empty which was good. I've been in this store around the holidays and it can get mobbed.
Solid family-friendly Chinese restaurant with friendly staff and good food. It is quite spacious and usually there is no wait (except on holidays). Would definitely recommend to try if you're in the neighborhood for Chinese food.
We enjoy lunches here. The tilapia is good but the broccoli is usually under cooked. Today.... well, it's a holiday! so forget the healthy stuff :)I had a fried cheese and bacon burger! OMG.... I should say it slowly... F R I E D CHEEEESEEE & BaCoN burger. I didn't want to do it but I was talking to the waitress who was VERY friendly and telling her my love of burgers, she recommended it to me and the sweet Tea which was peach and had a good healthy amount of vodka in it. DELISH.The burger was better than I had hoped it was moist, dripping creamy fried cheese with nice thick sliced bacon and shoe string fries on the side with ranch dressing. You no longer throw peanuts on the floor they have lil buckets at the tables for that and THAT makes me very happy. never was a fan of walking on peanuts... sounds like egg shells. I have been here several times and it was over due for a review and this one needs to go on my love of burgers page. :)
Not a very good place if you are in a wheelchair.  No ramp and a lip to get over.  Food is good and people are cool.
Eggs Benny cold eggs hard.  On the pricey side four people. With coffee 60.00.   Maybe we just hit a bad day.
Love this place!!!  Lemon Ricotta Pancakes are the best!!!  The staff is super friendly and helpful!
Best service! Rosi is amazing. We visited after my sons little league game. We were tired but hungry. Food was fresh, quick, hot and the beer was reallllly cold.
This might be my new fav breakfast spot; smells like moms chicken grease, next to a beauty shop, and gospel on the radio should be good. Food didn't dissapoint.
I bring all family & friends here.   Great Soulfood!Owner is always Cordial and staff is pleasant .The food reminds U of Mom & Grandma's food.Don't miss this Cafe!THIS IS A MUST EAT PLACE IN VEGAS!!!
Insane custard. Custom burgers are cool but their specials are better value.  Get the big one.Too bad this place is closed down.  Owners were cool too.
I'm going to need to find a new sushi restaurant. I don't like the fact they mixed sushi with tapas. If I wanted tapas I would go to Fire Fly.  Don't let them try and sell you on the tapas, they are not that good, the beef tapas was very hard and chewy.  Stick to the old way of making sushi, don't mix it up.  I'll bet they loose lots of customers.
Not Happy with my iPhone 5.... And the service there is just ok now.  Apple somehow I feel it's not the same without Steve Jobs.  I had some hardware problem with my phone and the staff keep telling me it's the crack I have on my phone.  Which I told them, I can live with that but fix the other problems I have such as phone is over heated, lagging.  And they don't event fix none of that and my phone still within 1 year warranty.   Well, getting change to Samsung Galaxy S4 Soon
The best customer service. Love my tutorial classes!!!  Early in the morning or when they first open is best time to schedule apps.
Xmas British dinner with my father.  Ab Fab and totally Brill idea!  Game of darts, Dad?
Great thin crust pizza is really really good. Give the summer salad a try, the mix of vegetables is really great, with a mix of crunch and soft. They also have some great summer specials for couples.
spending the night here in Charlotte.  Great lobby bar and nice rooms,  Not close to downtown, but a 15 minute drive away.I'd stay here again.
Sloppy, un edible,  tasteless mess. I threw it out and I usually eat anything...this was the absolute worst meal I had. Stay away from the parmesan chicken... total waste of money.
The best Pho in Glendale/Peoria. Very reasonable prices and excellent menu selection!4/5 stars being that the communication is still a bit difficult at times between guests and staff
Most flavorful Pho in town. The vegetable and tofu Pho is excellent. Lunch specials M -F.
Portions. Small!  Haha look at this $7 banana bread. Can you say rip off? Will never eat here, overrated and overpriced .
The short ribs tacos are amazing. It's a great option for people on GF diets. It was really hard to choose from the menu. It all sounded wonderful. And you've gotta love a place that offers prosecco on the lunch menu.
Salted Caramel Brownies. End of story, game over.Always enjoy my random visits. Staff and owner seem pretty terrific
Great chicken and pasta dish.  Excellent service.  Loved sitting on the patio.  All Fox Restaurants are great.
Very good service. Had recall and got loaner for the day. And service writer helped a lot
I love this grocery store. They have everything you'll ever need and then some! Plus they are open on Christmas and other holidays. If you haven't explored it yet I highly recommend it!
Pita Jungle has the best Jalapeño Hummus! Perfect for a date night and you get a decent sized glass of wine for the price. Never have really been disappointed with anything on the menu. Service is usually great as well. Pizzas, Mahi Mahi, Grilled Chicken, Soup, Shawarma, Hummus, Fruit Plate, Kobe Burgers....ALL amazing!
Awesome family owned restaurant! We keep coming back for the fresh food and great service.Try the chicken soulvaki! You won't be disappointed
This was my 3rd time here...LOVE it! Fresh, tastey food with friendly service in a pleasant and clean atmosphere. My new favorite in the area!!!  Good management always makes a better atmosphere...and the employees are wonderful too!
So incredibly yummy!! Their sushi is the bomb. Try the heart attack or the I did your ex girlfriend. They give big portions on the seaweed salad
Rude. No all you can eat.  Disgusting.  Our one year old had gotten car sick and while waiting for a table I asked where the restroom was. Hostess was so rude and treated me like I was trash.  Never coming here again.
Good looking menu. Inside is very loud. The food was great and an early evening drink and appetizer is ideal.  It is more for the younger crowd, I am  60, but still a very nice getaway.I will be back!
I really think they out crack in their chips and salsa because I've never had chips and salsa taste that good!  I had their fish tacos, which was pretty good.  Also tried their Cucumber/Jalepeno Margarita--which I was NOT the business.  I took two sips and was done.  Didn't like the flavor.  Service was not bad. I was there for a bachelorette party and we told them we had a show to catch and they had the food come out quick.  But yeah, the chips & salsa--ridic. good.
That chick that looks like Christina is real as fuck! Best bartender ...NICO. If you need to, just come here, have a good time, and tip her as she deserves haha
Brody our PROFESSSIONAL Guac Man rocks the avocado...best ever.The wait staff was great - can't say much for the food though - it was pretty average (expensive but hey its Vegas).The Guac however was amaze-balls!
Great customer service. Love the atmosphere and food is delish! Got the new firecracker chicken, steamed. Came with a side of brown rice. Yummy!!
Excellent food.  Friendly service.  Always a special place to enjoy a special meal.  Atmosphere is always relaxing. Brandon was a great help in recommending which dishes to try. Thank you.
The white sands chimichanga is the best chimi I've ever had. Although the server was new, she was able to answer our questions and provided great service. Very friendly and happy staff.
Nacho Mama and the lettuce wrap was INCREDIBLE! House Cab was a great deal also. The Shogun lettuce wraps are my favorite. Also, my kids love the orange chicken! (Ask for the cheater chopsticks)
great take home, friendly service, the family loves it. try the malts. I pick up food once a week and have never had anything less than superb service. the wait can be long, but with good food and staff it should be. it's a must try if you have never been in.
Clean shop friendly staff good work. Thank you Nick, my Osiris is legit! Close to my house and Best of in the New times....
Can you try to cut a pizza evenly and all the way through. Kinda welcoming. Took and ate anyway because I got Father's Day to myself
Picture perfect view of Pittsburgh.  Beautiful scenery. Quiet neighborhood.  You can never get bored of this place.
Never played my song, which sucked, but fun place!Next time announce you can't play it or play it!! :))
Great food! Great atmosphere! Great service! Overall great experience!! As advertised! One of if not the best place to get chicken in Charlotte.
Good food, reasonable prices and had a great staff, especially our waitress!!!!  Think I'd go back a lot more often
Great sandwich, nice outdoor area, great find! The Monroe, turkey panini was delicious. Good sangria. Makes the short list!
Had a great time at the first Wet Republic at night w/ Tiesto on 9/16.Guest list was massive with a posted wait of 90 minutes at 11p. Best bet is to go General Admission or pony up for bottle service.
Mochi mochi mochi is a must to add in....I called in to make sure they have MOCHI avaiable... they have it and plus so many others too! Fresh fruit, variety toppings, more than 10 choices of yoguart..... I love this place & close to where I work! Check it out my local pictures.. all my words are there......
Yummmmmy food and great margaritas!  Service was excellent. Would definitely go back.
Excellent restaurant, going to dinner here tomorrow night again, love the food.  Great kids menu, food is consistent and staff is nice.
Chose 1 star because I couldn't pick 0 stars. Worst service I've ever had... Food very mediocre, drinks too expensive, and very dead for a Saturday night dinner.  Wouldn't recommend to a friend.
Do not use !! Stay away !! Was quoted 97.00 then get charged 250.00 and they keep saying a manager will contact me ! Been 3 weeks now nothing !
Bottom line do rent here they are thieves and cheats and rude . They slipped in road side assistance and gas my car was to be $58 when I left it was $116 . Do not go
So yummy! Great prices and so friendly!! It is buried in a strip mall but is sooo worth your time! The food is great, a lot to chose from and great orchata!! I love coming here for lunch on my work break and now that I love further away I still make the trip. It's sooo worth it!
Nice spots to chill  And watch your dog playalso ejoy the shade of all the trees Plus it's all ways clean
Awesome Kung pau chicken and great service
Theres nothing i don't like about this place. Their food is sooo good! Best of all they dont have a minimum for delivery! Their chow mein is my favorite! Actually everything is good
Come here for their lunch specials! & they deliver  love it! I got the Hot Garlic Chicken lunch special with crab Ragoons & a Thai Tea! Nomnomnom I always come for takeout & I love how their Ragoons aren't greasy & they don't forget to give me sweet & sour sauce! The Thai tea is extremely good not too thick not too watery & just enough sweetness!
Best lox bagel on earth. Very nice customer service at 7am. I must say I love smoked salmon. This had to be the best melt in your mouth lox ever.
Over priced, slow service, dry, flavorless bagels! Okay to try once in your life. They do have a big menu and many different options for you to try. I'm just not the type of person that would get scammed more than once!
Don't come after 10pm even though they close at 10:30. They won't make you any rolls and the line is bare!! As ive been coming here recently, the quality has degraded and the service is horrible, regardless of time of day. i used to love this place but not so much anymore.
Sake bombs and mackerel. The great price and great location make it a good spot for me to start at before my night out on most weekends. Try to get in early or plan on waiting a little because they get packed really quickly. Not the best sushi I've ever had by any means but I don't remember a time being disappointed at the quality or freshness. They have a variety of the popular rolls people love and some originals that are great as well.
I don't want to come again ! garbage！这家简直是垃圾中的战斗机。难吃又精致。奶奶的。都没见过这小的sushi。那什么raman居然是速食面。靠！浪费钱。黑！
Moderately easy hike, with beautiful views! This hike is great whether for jogging or for relaxing. Can't wait to do it again soon!
You have to be 18 or older to use the gym. Please. At least include a waiver that expresses how it's not your fault if we get hurt for us to sign. We had to go to the Palms Casino Resort to have access to the gym.
Excellent food and service. Wish I knew about this place sooner. Started with the egg rolls then ordered the pork BBQ noodle soup. So delicious and a huge portion That I had enough to take home and have for lunch the next day.
Great close thai place close to home. And they deliver! Can't wait to try again so i can try the papaya fries!
Had the Breakfast sampler of 2 eggs, 2 links, 2 ham, 2 bacon, hash browns, 2 pancakes. Overall? Not tasty and kind of cold.However, since this was my second time to patronize this establishment, I must conclude that this is THE WORST IHOP EVER.
It's restaurant week!  Great flavorful choices!
amazing best dinner in years, Simply Amazing Food and Drinks.  Everything complimented each idividual flavor on all the dishes.
Chicken lollipops are the bomb.com.  Went with my daughter and everything was great.  The kona coffee crusted rib eye was decent with the warm potato salad.  Didn't care for the bread pudding but my little one loved it.  Good lunch while shopping at Town Square, love the beachy  feel.
A gem for fresh za in madison! Not the cheapest price for quantity but the quality of the za makes up for it. Beer selection is a little weak...but hey it's a small pizza joint and the za is the feature item! True pizza lovers will enjoy this place.
The service was great and the pizza was authentic.  Great job!We came in with 6 in our group.  We will be back.
I am going back for my birthday and the rib eye (:  the curry was super and cleverly presented
Large portions and cooked to order! Good sweet and sour chicken! Can't wait to come back and try more. The young gentleman was very helpful that was up front. My nephew got the orange chicken and said it was good but wasn't really that spicy!
Such an intimate little theater. And the staff is just exceptional. I definitely will be coming back for another show in the future.
Super fast and friendly service! I always love my experience at Cracker Barrel. Nothing fancy, but yummy comfort food at a great price. Always reminds me of road tripping with the fam as I browse through the adorable country store. You can't be in a bad mood at Cracker Barrel!
Great place for that comfort food craving!  Fried okra and haddock can't be beat!  Hubby says they've got the best green beans in Arizona......except for mine! Service was great, prompt and efficient.
Best crepes and the coffee is really good too!  Came for the crepes and it was worth every minute!!
¡Muy authentico!  Like you've been transported into the middle of Hermosillo.  Only gringo in the place.  Loved everything I had.
Great food. Never a disappointment. Fast and friendly service.  The carne asada is cooked perfectly and has little to no fat so that's good. The tripas are crispy and delicious too. I would recommend the plates. You get more bang for your buck that way.
This place is bomb.com!!!!! Very reasonable prices with many options. Pure Mexican food not at all Americanized! I would highly recommend this place to any meat lover!!
I felt staff was ignoring me when I tried to get their attention. Lady at food court wasn't very helpful when I asked about the menu & combos.
Another fabulously quick delivery.  Ordered #4 & #5 and as always they hit the spot.  While you can find great sub's made to order at other places, I like the taste of their rolls.  Did I say they have uber-quick delivery?  Freaky fast!
Solid chain restaurant burgers. Love that spicy kilauea burgers. The vin is pretty good. Service is usually on good with and outlier here and there. I would go if you were on this side of town.
Love it! Always enjoyed Islands in California! Very happy they had one in Arizona!!! Baja chicken tacos with the beans and a basket of fries to share!! Amazing!
I love this place, the awesome acai is the best! Monday free kids smoothies are fantastic. I have never had a bad experience here and the staff is always nice.
Love this place!! Best barber shop in town! The staff is awesome! The cuts on point! Come check this place out.
Does not even deserve a star! Service sucks and the staff are unfriendly, unhelpful. Waste of time!!!!!
Always good food and usually fantastic service. Happy hour is the best time to go. We go often.
Best seafood udon ever. They have good prices and the entries are really good too. The food portions are extremely generous and their soups are really good
I have been here a few times with friends and we absolutely love it!We hit a couple of snags such what to order but every waiter we have had was really helpful and understanding of one of my friend's skepticism about the food.
Have tried Sake, sushi, and Chashu Ramen here today. All taste great! The chefs at Sushi bar are all Japanese, so the Sushi is very fresh! I came in at happy hour time, so price is also very reasonable.
Called to see if Add On Promotion was still available and the Member Rep said that I expired on Sept. 7.  I asked if there was any chance to extend it.  They guy gave me this lame excuse of "There's nothing we can do." So much for going above and beyond customer service. If others have inquired about the promo, think about extending it. I give them a 1 star for customer service.
Always busy and crowded. Best time to go is either late at night (10pm or later) or super early in the AM (6am or so)Pros: -The Facility has decent selection of machines and free weight. -Sauna and shower (note: bring shower slippers or water shoes if you use them)-Their juice bar and cafe-The front desk staff does a good job greeting everyone as they check in. -Membership prices are decent -Various valley locations-24/7; 365 -spacious lockersCons:-The affiliated trainers are kinda rude. One encounter I can recall was when one female trainer was texting on her phone and I was walking back to the locker rooms (after my workout) and she accidentally shoved me and didn't even apologize. I was pretty offended.-During peak hours there are a lot of D.B.s-Equipment is rarely cleaned; extreme lack of hygiene -Parking lot gets  packed during Group Fitness hours-No one re-racks the weights -_- (its so annoying trying to find plates when your in between sets)
Awesome place for kids of all ages! My 1 yr old boy loves it! One of the best if not the best children's museums I've been to.  Everything is very hands on.  Kids can really get involved and I'm not ashame to admit that I was also very excited myself to play.  :)  Climbed the massive tree maze.  My 1 yr old was not afraid but I sure was when we climbed to the 3rd floor of the maze.  Heights is not my forte.  There were lots to do.  You can not bring outside drinks here except water.  They do have a cafe where you can purchase items.  Really enjoyed our time here.
Lots of stuff for even little ones to enjoy! Stopped here to play one day with our 22 month old on our vacation last week.  We live in Indianapolis, home of one of the biggest and best children's museums in the  country, but we were so pleasantly surprised by this museum! Unlike the Indy museum, which is great for "kids" of all ages, the Phoenix children's museum is a great place especially for little ones. I think we hit just about every section.  Our little guy's favorites were the noodle forest (which I thought was really fun too), the tricycle "carwash" lane, the kitchen/market, and the "floating" ping pong ball air tubes. Not too overwhelming for a half day's fun, but we could have easily made a full day out of it. We'll be sure to visit again on our next trip
Town square crazy !!! Vegas babyallways have a great time at CLAIM JUMPERS GREAT FOOD huge portions
Seriously?!?  You really don't want me to spend my money here... Ok...  the most od aweful service I have ever received in a retail store in my life.   They literally turned a few hundred dollars worth of sales I was about to make out the door.  I will NEVER go back here again.
The pork enchilada is the best I've had. Cheese enchilada is SUPER!!!! Salsa...yum. Quesadillas are hearty and fresh.  Some folks have had trouble here, but we did not.  Everything was VERY good.  We'll be back, for sure!!
Don't come here if you want good food. We left very disappointed.We had halibut tacos, they were bad. They smelled funny so the wife and I didn't eat them because we were scared they would make us sick. Also to note, their rice was borderline cold when served and tasted nothing like Mexican rice I've been eating at most other restaurants. The limes they served with their beer were brown on the edges, not something I like to see. The food network was here filming for their show the first night we tried going here so after waiting for 1/2hr and they hadn't opened yet we left. Maybe they are trying to save this place?? Its going to need some real help with the horrible food they served us.With the food they served us that night, this will be added to the list of closed up shops in the village at Lake Las Vegas adding to the ghost town.
Happy hour is a hoot here.  Eddie is a great host.  Love the drinks and appetizer specials.  All day happy hour on Saturday!
Nice place, nice happy hour. Tyler, the bartender was on top of it. Good job! Nice crowd for 4:30.
I go to Starbucks all over and this one is super slow and super rude. This is def the worst starbucks in town!!! Avoid it like the plague!!!
Check the clearance racks and take some time to listen to the employees.  The overwhelming majority of them really do know the products and can recommend the better option based on your needs.
I've never stayed here before, but I've attended a couple of events in the conference area and used the parking lot for Coyotes games.  Some thing you should know....Self parking garage costs $$$, so does valet.  It varies based on the event, so be sure to check ahead of time.The hotel lobby and amenities are nice for attending a conference.  Their meeting rooms are spacious and well appointed.  Their staff is well trained and helpful too.Although I haven't stayed in the rooms, I recommend this place to friends and family who visit from out of town to watch Coyotes & Cardinals games because it's so convenient to the Arena/Stadium.  They've always been happy with their stay, so I continue to recommend.One of these days I will take my own advice and stay there on a game weekend, perhaps next Fiesta Bowl...?Return Factor - 80%
Not bad at all ! Annual awards where held in the ballroom and the food was great. The atmosphere was good but it was a bit warm inside other than that it was a great night.
Fantastic calamari and the pizzas were really tasty. Pizza Metro is right around the corner from our new home so this will become a regular spot for Italian.
Just tried their fescolina pizza. Awe yeah... Tasty definitely coming back later, haha
Intimate cafe with comfy chairs and tables.That was my tip, written before I actually saw the show.  And the show was Esteban, who performed his superb classical guitar renditions along with the accompaniment of his daughter, Teresa Joy, on violin.We were seated at a table in the first row above the lower level seats, and it was perfect.  My husband requested this from the usher, since we'd be raised up a little, not be blocked by heads in front of us, and not have to crane our necks to look up.  Not that the last is a huge problem in this theater, because the front-section seats aren't that far below the stage and the stage isn't all that high.  Really, any seat in this theater is just fine.  It is truly an intimate cabaret setting, and when the show is as good as this was, it's a near-perfect experience.My only nit is that they don't let you bring drinks in, so if you want to drink (which we didn't), you have to buy it from the bar at the back of the theater.  If you must drink, know that the back of the ticket offers a 2 -for-1.
Love this place! The seafood appetizer platter is the best! Great service and great food.
So awesome!  The food was fantastic,  great wine , best ever server, Kaeli she knew her wines and help us choose the perfect bottle.The place is so beautiful.  The bartender was really helpful with choosing our shots
I highly recommend this place.  Food was good service wonderful. Price Is reasonable but the alcohol  was a bit over price.  But no complete on the food
Made very sloppy  wish I can give this place a big fat ZERO. Just meat and processed nacho cheese. Really?????   Soggy bread no lettuce no tomatoes  I ask can they cut it in half cashier said sure. But the lady who have me my sandwich  I asked her did u cut it in half? She said I forgot but there are some knives over there
Bunch of grumpy old women working there. Poor customer service and food is not so great
The staff here is always friendly and their food is the best!! I would recommend everyone come try. Fish taco is soo good and Tuesday after 230 they are super cheap
Old beautiful building houses this fantastic place.  I love everything designing detail inside.  The bowls are free standing so the person can get around every nook without reaching over the customer's face.  My husband did the "noshave" November, and had a lot of hair to remove (he usually is bald and has a goatee....nothing else).  We needed the help of a barber and a straight razor shave was going to be the best way to get rid of the hair without clogging up our drains.  It took over an hour to get through all the hair, and the barber did a great job (I lost the business card so I can't remember his name) but we still had to get that closer finish at home with our regular 5 blade razor.  Since my husband has never had a straight razor shave, we aren't sure if this is common or if it was just not as close as it could be.  We were charged $65 for removal of hair on the head and the sides of his beard.  This place was also having a small fundraiser for the Humane Society, where you could purchase a package and the proceeds were donated.  Not a bad deal.  Also, during my wait, I saw two people come in and purchase specialty hair care products.  Check it out if you're looking to try something different.
Palms poker room has been closed. It was closed last week. No tables, nothing. The employee I talked to sounded surprised.I was somewhat surprised, but I guess the hotel is under a new general manager and they feel like they can make more money with a different product.
My favorite place to grab a bite...The food is delish... Shelly the owner is sassy and sweet, great customer service, the food is always hot and delicious.
Love this place. Huge portions for the money and great lunch specials. We've been there a few dozen times and everything, from the service, to the food, to the wait time is consistent which I like.
The food here is amazing!!! They have big portions for the price! Super friendly staff and clean environment. Will definitely be back!
Our favorite place to eat nearby!! We used to go there 3 to 4 times a week!! We were a little unsure the first time we went, but we were blown away! The waitress always remberes us and what we get. Love it!
Heather is a friendly bartender that makes the dining experience a great one. The meatloaf and chocolate plate is my recommendation.  Thanks for the wonderful service and meal. I will definitely come vack to this restaurant
Delicious homemade ice cream!!  This is one of those magical places where the ice cream just bursts with the actual flavor - like the chocolate coconut tastes like real coconut and amazing dark chocolate.  The waffle cones are yummy, the atmosphere is super cute, and you get tons of bang for the buck. And if you have a hankering for some savory with your sweet, it's attached to ZPizza.
Omg horchata ice cream!!!  This is probably the best ice cream joint in the Phoenix area... I have been to churn and many others and the taste and quality just seems to stand out here at Pink Spot. I love the pink spot (pun intendo) They also have wonderful blended shakes, banana splits, and dipped bacon or cheesecake. It's everything you could ever want in an ice cream shop and I love it. I would certainly recommend this to all of my Yelp friends as well as IRL friends.
Not recommending this place. Bland and weird. I got the chicken taco combo. The beans were watery, the tomatoes whites and the salsa... Oh the salsa. Truly tragic
Take a chance and try the blue cheese with honey!  As spoiled as I am with the amazing San Francisco Ice Cream Scene (Bi-Rite and Humphrey Slocombe) this is one of the best scoops I have ever had.  Such inventive flavors, well exectued classics and an incredibly nice staff.  It's a new must-do every time I'm in Phoenix visiting the family.
Honestly, go get yourself some gelato instead!I was excited to try this place based on a recommendation from a friend and all of the other hype (food network, best of the valley, etc).  Well, it was "fine"--I enjoyed my ice cream, but a pint of Ben & Jerry 's is just as good.  So, if you want something delicious, cold, and sweet, get yourself some gelato at one of the amazing places in the Valley instead.
Home made marshmallows toasted on top of my sundae was a smart decision! The great thing about this place is the unique flavors you will not find anywhere else. I've eaten ice cream from New York to California and there is nothing like Sweet Republic. If you have the chance, do yourself a favor and check it out.
Having Cabernet pear and lime basil sorbets. WOW! I thought the lime was good, but the pear is great too. Have to be careful not to get a brain freeze! The waffle cups and cones are awesome too. If you like Daiquiri Ice at Baskin Robbins, this is a not as sweet, better alternative. Supporting local business is always great, and this place truly raises the bar when it comes to ice cream!
Clean and friendly.   Will be back next year.  Spent a couple of hours at the sauna.... So nice.  I also had my toes and fingers done.  They did a great job.
Beautiful rooms. We stayed in 1827 for three nights in December 2013.  It's on the quieter side of the hotel and has a nice view (see my pictures).  I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Encore.  It's a smaller hotel on the north side of the Strip, so if you're looking for something with a lot of casino action, then this is not the place for you.  It has a few high end shops in between Encore and the Wynn hotel.  It's a easy, quick walk to the Wynn.  The room has a large bathroom with separate bathtub and shower and an additional door for the toilet.  There is a large closet with a luggage rack and small safe (set your own combination).  We had a large king bed that was very comfortable and more importantly, the pillows were soft and fluffy.  There is several dressers for your clothes, a mini-fridge with all sorts of drinks and a mini-snack bar.  Towards the end of the room, there's a nice couch and a desk and chair.  Then, there's the large bay window so you can view Vegas!  The TV swivels 270 degrees, so you can watch it either from the bed or the couch.Everything is top notch - room, service, concierge, interior, casino, restaurants, and clubs.  The only thing that wasn't in service when we were there was the pool.  It was drained and closed.  I would imagine the hotel was preparing for Christmas and New Year's.I liked the fact that the parking lot is right next to the hotel entrance, so you don't have to walk a mile in order to reach the casino/hotel entrance.  If you have a car, like we did, then it's an easy drive to all the other hotels on the Strip and to the old downtown Vegas (which I heard has been improved tremendously).At Encore, you will most likely be charged the $25 resort fee on top of the room rate.  You may be able to find better rates on hotwire, hotels.com or priceline rather than going to the encore website.Xie Xie!
They have the worse service in room dining is so bad and there food taste horrible  Be carful with the bell man they opened my bag and they stole my watch .
This is the best resort experience I have had in Vegas. The room was amazing and the staff were very nice and attentive.
Great staff.  We love Paul.  I've gone to this place for years and it always is a great place to play video poker and drink.
Java Grounds supports the community and the mission to help children. Great place.  Food and service outstanding.
I would rather have my teeth pulled at the DMV than sit in that line again. Slowest Starbucks on Earth.
Very good!  Crab and corn chowder, Cesar, sirloin and grits. Friend had the scallop appetizer and creme brûlée. Also very good. The chocolate creme brûlée was good but not as exciting as I wanted it to be.
Sushi was delicious and service was good No complaints here. Prices are good as well
Great people watching bar. Located in Paris hotel this is a round bar with plenty of seating 3 steps up from the casino floor. You can watch the passing parade of shape sizes and outfits while having a drink or two. Like most of Vegas drinks here are expensive - $16 for a regular Martini. If you drink Bloody Mary's they have a special Ketel One Bloody Mary for $6.I'll stick with the Martini and if you are looking for a better price you can walk through to Bally's where the Martinis are $12.
Jay is the best, super knowledgable piercer. He made me feel super comfortable with a piercing I was kinda nervous about. He also didn't try to talk me into anything I didn't need. Prices at the shop are reasonable, definitely stay off the strip if you want to get pierced. My piercing was $70, on the strip I was quoted $140 (at Vegas Ink.) This place is open 24/7, Jay is there 2PM to 2AM every day but Sat.
Had rash on my arms after using warm tub. I called but owner sounded like she didnt care.  Everything lese was good. Water didnt smell like bleach which was a relief bu then I get the rashes on both arms.
I like Target - this store however is not my favorite... 27 or so checkouts and they have 7 (barely) open!!! I am going to die an old woman in Target
Very nice setup, great food and service And very reasonable prices.
Lines move fast. Fill out your paperwork before getting your number to avoid your number being called while filing out the paper.  I came in and had about 25 numbers to go before it was my turn.  I finished aeverything in about 20 minutesThe staff was very friendly and helpful and pointed me in the right direction.  I've been to other DMV's before where i needed to camp out before they opened just to get through the line faster.  This place is huge and fully staffed so you are in and out in a jiffy.
The price is fine. Food is average. I arrived at 1:30pm and was seated right away. Server was very friendly and brought my my drinks right away.
This place is closed! It says open on yelp but I pass by it many times and even tried to walk in. It's closed.
Can't remember the last time I was here, but if you like vegan food, this place is pretty good!I tried this place a few years ago, prior to their expansion, and I remember it being a pretty good place.  The only reason why I haven't gone back is because its a good 25-30 minute drive from my house.  It's located on the corner of Sahara and Buffalo.  This little trendy lookin' place is good for lunch or dinner, or maybe just some desert or a coffee.  They serve sandwiches, paninis, wraps, pizzas, salads, pasta, and rice plates all of which can be served up vegan.  They have specials for November, but I ended up ordering the Chicken Provolone, which had chicken, spinach, roasted tomato, basil, provolone and pesto dressing grilled between two slices of whole wheat bread.  It came with a choice of chips or salad all for about $8; pretty cheap, considering the size of the plate and the freshness of the veggies.  To me, it tasted slightly bland, but not enough for me to complain.  I heard from another patron, that the specials were pretty good, so I'll probably give that a whirl next time around.The service was so-so.  Granted, it was really busy--peak lunch hours (1:00pm).  My server tried to be attentive, but with the influx of customers that trolled in, I felt like she was flustered.  I was surprised I found a table.  If you're coming in here around this time, get here early and just anticipate to wait a little just so you can forewarn your belly.So... the main thing that brought me to give this place 4 stars (and almost pushed me to 5... almost) were their vegan desserts.  OMG, their vegan desserts.  It's like heaven in your mouth.  Their dessert case displayed a wide variety of cakes; each one, based on what the lady behind the counter had told me, were under 200 calories (say what?! lol). I asked her a little bit about her preference and what was popular, etc, etc, to try to narrow down my options (seriously, there's so many cakes I had no idea which to choose from).  Apparently, the vanilla chocolate chip cake and red velvet are among the popular ones.  I ended up choosing the lemon cake along side my espresso.  It was delicious; moist and dense, with a light and sweet topping that had lemon rind bits mixed into it.  I also brought home their vegan chocolate chip cookies: tasty, not sweet, soft, chewy, slightly crisp around the edges, not too many chocolate chips---perfect.Definitely would go here again.  Wish it weren't too far.  Wish it weren't too crowded.  I wanna try their breakfast for sure!
Best Colombian food in Charlotte. Hands down. The Churrasco is excellent.
Good food. Bad service when Zea is working, great if Trish is tending bar!  Machines are fantastic!!
A little on the pricy side. 9.00 for eggs and baconI decided to stop by here to try something different.  I got tired of eating the same thing over and over again.  I got seated right away which was awesome since i was on my lunch hour.  Imagine my surprise when I saw the sticker price on the items.  9.00 for eggs and bacon.  The bacon was extra crispy just as i like it but i don't think i can justify spending that much money on just eggs and bacon.  The food was good but the price was just too high.
This place is great! Definitely try the coffee cake. It's amazing! I also love the biscuits and the omelets. My mom visited a while back and she had the eggs Benedict. One of the best she's ever had!
Great place! Great service! I had the Philly, my friend had an omelet with the coffee cake. Recommend the coffee cake.
This place was awesome! Great food and great service. Their pork belly is on point! It should not have 3.5 stars!
Good food, great service. Ate here several times and love all the experiences so far. Always get the combo for my gf and I. Comes with a beer which is nice. Great service and friendly waiters and waitresses.
Simple, quick, and delicious. Cole slaw and sweet tea are really good. Fries and chicken tenders are simple.
Great chicken fingers.. Simply delicious! Maybe the best food value in Vegas! The place was clean, people looked like they were more than satisfied with their food, and in the 45 minutes we were in the restaurant, two NBA Players stopped in for food, meaning the food was good enough to risk being mobbed by fans! That says a lot about Raising Cane's! I'll definitely go back next time I'm in town.
I loves canes!! Delicious chicken fingers and fries!! Sweet tea is pretty good to!! When I've been craving it for the longest I get the Caniac combo and and extra toast!! I know hella fat but I don't eat this everyday so why not!!
A great outdoor mall... When the weather is nice. Expect to walk a bit more than indoor malls as this place is set up sort of like a mini-city. So you have to walk "blocks" to get from one end of the mail to the other. The "food court" is pretty lame- but there are some nice stand-alone restaurants within the property- Gordon Biersch, Grimaldi's Pizzeria (yes!), Cantina Loredo, Paradise Bakery, Johnny Rockets, Blue Wasabi sushi, etc. You have your standard storefronts like Dillard's, Macy's, American Eagle, Sunglass Hut, Fossill, Forever 21, Apple Store, etc. Trekking for a gift card is ludicrous- they give VISA cards that can be used anywhere in the mall but you have to find their semi-hidden management office to order them, I learned that the hard way. The traffic setup is pretty ugly- the engineer who designed this may have been a little green. Expect "one way" parking lots, cluttered traffic patterns, etc. Head over to Total Wine when you're done shopping to take some spirits home with you.
Great pizza great staff can bring your own wine.  REALLY ENJOY THE CASUAL ATMOSPHERE.  Best PIZZA in the valley besides PIZZA they have great Italian food.
CAUTION food here is old and rancid, costumer service there is none. P.S. they just changed their name to fool people.
Just had a marvelous blow out with Eric!  Recommend him highly!  Not too pricey considering location & hotel salon pricing.
Very friendly staff! They're always so energetic and uplifting. They never have any good deals on Rockstars but everything else is good. The produce is very fresh and I enjoy the smoothie machines. Oh wait. The paper bags. If you lucked out and have all circular type items that roll. Start rolling towards the car now. At least the staff would help you out though.
Great breakfast, friendly staff. Pet friendly patio! Reasonable prices fresh food tastes like a home cooked breakfast!
The wait staff was nice, The service was good, The food was as good as it always is at CPK. If you like CPK.. You will like it here
Burrito excellent.....linguini not so good.....but I liked the walnut "meatballs".  For transparency I'm far from a vegetarian, I prefer a juicy burger.
Great food and service! Carmel brownie is amazing. The uptown location is just as good.
Always open & always fantastic.The potato leek soup is a must try.My favorite sandwich is the Seeded Roast Beef. Mmmmm!Salted Carmel Brownie is a great choice as well.The high speed wifi is much appreciated; making Amelie's Bakery a great place to work for a few hours.Always hits the spot late night too!
All I can say about this place is that its OK..there didn't seem to be anything about this place to make me want to come back. The food was alright but not big enough..pretty much the only thing I like about it is that its open 24/7
I love this place! Too bad, I cannot visit everyday. Anyone who lives in surrounding areas should visit and indulge.
Great place   Great to people watch.   Open 24/7.   Free wifi.    Different rooms to sit and talk and work
Chocolate croissant is to die for. I had the Thai chai creme with it and loved the combo! The bakery has a very charming atmosphere.
Staff was very friendly and the coffee was made quickly and taste very good. I would highly recommend this place for anyone trying to support local coffee shops.
Really good food at a great price! The salad dressing is something to be admired, the sushi is always fresh and affordable. Try the curry chicken!
Locals eat here next to a tire shoppe.Don't go to Krazy Buffet and eat the clams, they gave my mom food poisoning.The food isn't so great here, as everything was so greasy and the way they served the food looked a bit shady to me.  The coconut chicken was pretty good, but not the greatest.I would rather recommend you go to Makino and get some quality asian buffet food than here.Specialty: Asian BuffetRecommendations for first timers: none, avoidService: 8/10, Variety: 6/10, Parking: 10/10marc out.
Its cold food, you must dig to the bottom to get hot food . Dont come. I suggest pf changs where you know its hot. They tower the fiod in the tray which makes it cold. Ok if you just each sushi.
I would not go back worse than my sons school lunch. This place is so bad my son vomited because of how bad and dirty this place was. If I could give it zero stars I would in a heartbeat.
Our favorite pizza and wings! Try the Carolina gold. The employees are awesome too. This place is awesome for a good pie! You won't be disappointed... We bring all of our family and friends here.
Always friendly. Really enjoy the waiting area. They always have some type of special deal during the week. Check  out their website to see those deals. I alway like the Early Bird special on Saturdays before 9am. I will mention, sometimes they miss things so go over your vehicle before you leave to make sure your car is the way you like it. I have a dog and I always have to ask them to vacuum a litte better.
Good, authentic "back-east" pies!Update: I thought this last time but it hapened again:  Service is just weird.Both times we had waitresses that were just kind of oddly awkward about everything. I was going to give NYPD 3 stars, but since your delivery driver was driving like a total ass and cut me off while we were driving there, you lost one more.
Love it I'm a TJ MAXX shopperGreat place to Pop in kill a few hours walk out with some amazing deals
Food and service is consistently always great! If you go for lunch, go early because it fills up by 12 because it is so popular! Try their tropical tea. It is awesome!
My favorite place for breakfast.  French Toast and eggs benedict are fantastic! We have been coming here for years.
Best sushi place.  Lots of great specials. Family owned. Always my first choice!  Family owned business that truly cares about giving great service.
Stupid people won't allow transparent Starbucks drink in the theatre!  You don't even have coffee I can buy from you.
Fresh food, can choose level of hotness ( Thai hot 1-5), delicious curries. Great for lunch, a quick bite, or takeout.Green curry with chicken is AMAZING!
place is amazing! best pad thai ever! It also fairly inexpensive especially for lunch :)
This place is awesome! Great prices, great food, very healthy, easy to get hooked on!
Great food. Good service.  Best place for quick bbq! The ribs were fall off the bone good. I will be going back.
Over cooked!!! No taste... lots of flies in the dinning room. Just not good. Nice staff but that's the only good thing
Worst customer service EVER!! I wanted a few things  framed and the guy was actually talking me out of having them custom framed. Seriously??
Love any Jamba but this one is always friendly and pleasant. Especially love the seasonal pumpkin smash. It's great that the store always has new options to try.
Large portions, good food, good prices and awesome drink specials! This place has been here for years and is consistently good and the staff is friendly.
NC agriculture! Gotta love! I love the farmers market. Sometimes you can find really good deals here. Especially on Sundays because a lot of stuff gets marked down. Even times where I may spend a little more, the produce lasts so much longer in my fridge than produce I buy at the grocery store. To me that makes the farmers market worth it. I recommend if you want to buy local meat to get there on Saturdays, and you may even need to be put on a list depending on what you are looking for. Also don't forget Sunday is usually a big markdown day on produce. I also recommend going later or first thing in the morning. In the summer months the Farmers Market is open every day. I also look at everything first and asses the pricing and decide what I want, then I can get the best deals. Hope you enjoy the Farmers Market!
Starbucks should never take 30 minutes even in peak hours. It's like this a lot. Weekends or weekdays you'll be stuck for 20-30 min!
Make Cold Brew coffee or take down your signs.  Was advised by employee when I asked for the coffee at 9:00 am they didn't make any. As I was leaving he got my attention again only to tell me they didn't make any. Really?
The food is good I love going when Pick O' The Litter is playing People are nice its busy most of the time
Server was extremely kind and a great help food was cooked perfect no complaints and theAll you can eat fish was awesome and a great dealWill be back again
Great food and great service. Server was very patient w my kids. The kids love the orange chicken and rice.
Food is always delicious, service is great, and it is beautiful inside. I'm never disappointed whether I'm eating on or ordering to go.
Amazing food.  Busy though and pricey. Make reservations ahead of time and get there early so your table is ready by the time your reservation is set for.
Do not recommend, poor quality and pricey. Not authentic Indian. The tandoori chicken was not cooked well, the biryani tasted like sambar rice and curry chicken had to be sent back.
Very tasty and price is reasonable. I would defiantly eat there again on my next Vegas vacation
Awesome.  Well worth the visit. the service is fast and friendly.  Had a excellent experience
.98 cent fresh baked Italian bread loafs and the Pesto Hummus is winnahs here! (update: The Italian Bread Loafs are now $1.29 I believe)One thing I can say about Fresh & Easy would be the convenience of this Market. If you were looking for something to eat, instead of going to a 7-11 or McDonald's, there is an already made section of microwavable "fresh made" foods that aren't previously frozen. If you are on the go, and you are worried about microwaving it, at the checkout section, there is a microwave available meant to heat up these foods if you are on the go. Besides the ease of already made food, is the .98 cent section and selected produce in the store. Onions, Roma tomatoes, are the two produce I know for sure that are always 98 cents. Oranges, eggplant, potatoes, avocados, tomatillos, jalapenos, and celery are the other produce items that become .98 cents each once in a while. Most produce that you buy at F&E are already made for cooking. Usually they are already cleaned, cut and ready to go. Now making it a convenience in your own kitchen. Every time I shop at F&E, I stop by the 50% off Clearance section in the dairy isle. You can get juices for $1.99 instead of $4.99 and ribs, steaks, veggie sides, already made foods, familiy meals, etc. I got a baby carrots and hummus snack pack for $0.19 one time. There is even a clearance rack for household goods in the main part of the store. One con that I do have for this store, is the rest of the items. Like canned goods, to cereals, and household goods. They are a bit overpriced. I know that they are F&E items, but you are still better off getting the canned goods and other stuff at dollar general or 99 cent store. even smiths or even walmart. That would be my only conThe staff is friendly, their meats are fresh, veggies are fresh, they have already made food items ready to go, the staff is friendly. And if you look in your mail, the add they send you is usually $3 or $5 off if you spend $25 or $30 or more on your next visit!
Huge portions....don't let the industrial park vibe outside scare you. The staff is very friendly and food is totally solid, if not super inventive.  If you are looking for a good mix between fast-ish food and homemade cooking and don't mind looking like you are pulling up to a storage locker for a body dump, this is the place for you!  Chicken parm sandwich for the win.
Great food, great service, nice and calm environment. Best Italian restaurant I have ever been to.
It's always busy here.....Why?  I only when here because my niece wanted it!  I haven't been here in over 8 yrs.  I see why it took me so long for me to come back!  I decided to go ahead and try something.  I got the no. 2. I'm glad I took it to go.  So when we got home, I took a couple ob bites.....ummm it wasn't that great, so I go to my cabinet, pulled out some spices!  Jazzed it up....Tasted it!  Then it was much better.  Now if I have to take it home and spice it up, I might as well cook my own.  I won't ever go back!  ugggggg!
Everyone is Friendly and the Atmosphere is Grounding. Quaint and they have bands playing at 7PM during the week.
Gotta have the NC BBQ while in town!Based on other yelpers reviews, we decided McKoy's would be the place to show us what NC was all about.We had the LTD (Living the dream) platter and ordered double mac'n'cheese as a side. Then, for some reason we thought we should also order another half rack of ribs... with slaw and collard greens on the side.Living the Dream (which is a bit of a sample platter):The pulled pork was amazing. Especially with the slaw on top and just a bit of bbq sauce. The pit roast was also really delicious, but just a little fatty for my taste. The chicken was okay, but really paled in comparison to the pulled pork, the pit roast and the ribs. OH yahhhh... the ribs! Delish! They fell right off the bone and were so tasty. I added a little extra sauce on mine, but I am a saucy girl, after all.The mac'n'cheese was ooey gooey deliciousness...and definitely not low cal. I had to turn the plate around so that I couldn't see them anymore. The slaw was tasty, not mayo laden at all and a great balance with crispness to the pork.The collard greens weren't my favorite, they had a weird after taste...but not being from the south, maybe I don't know what I am talking about?We then decided to really go for a full on heart attack and ordered the fried cheesecake. Yep, I said fried. Let me start by saying... I am pregnant and anything fried sounds delicious. Let me follow up by saying I only took two glorious life changing bites before laying my fork down. Gestational diabetes averted (hopefully.)This thing is unreal... it looks like a deep fried cannoli with cinnamon, served with a heaping scoop of vanilla bean ice cream with caramel on top. But, you really don't understand until you taste it, it has that soft cheesecakey filling that is brought to a new level by the frying. My boss, who is about to run an iron man, finished the whole thing off.... do you get what I am saying??? He's training for an ironman and couldn't resist eating it all!!!! You know it has to be good, right?So, this place is decadent and you will leave in a food coma. But, you won't pay much and the service will be typical southern hospitality. Now that's my kind of coma!
Pot roast is where it's at! Or bring someone along and split the L.T.D. The side dishes are very good too.
Great BBQ and great service.  Just the atmosphere I expect from an authentic BBQ joint.  Not fancy but good food at a good price!  Half price appetizers were a nice surprise.
Good food, good service.I recommend the double grilled wings they were great. The bbq pork platter is great and really with every penny
This place is amazing!  Fantastic food great ribs .  Great service .  You really need to stop by and check out what they have cooked up
Great job cleaning my carpet today. I had some thought stains and dirty carpet  but you managed to get it clean
Fast & furious. Guy outing.This is a typical Harkins Theater.  It has several screens and stadium seating.  I recommend buying the loyalty cup so all future sodas are $1.50.  Going to the movies these days can be a relatively expensive endeavor.
Always a great experience, and my kids love the play center they have. If you ever have any kind of issue, the managers are very quick to accommodate you and rectify the situation. Highly recommend.
Great dive bar. Check out the live music, chill out front or shoot some pool. I like coming here on Sunday (Sunday Funday) for the afternoon bands and to meet my friends. Expect to see a good number of bikes (motorcycles that is parked out front).  And no need to dress up. This place is really low key (and awesome!).
I haven't been to this theatre for a long time because I have two others that are closer to me.  I came here last night to see the Royal Ballet's Sleeping Beauty.  This theatre shows many of the Opera in Theatre or Ballet in Theatre offerings.  They do not bring the Met in HD, so I go elsewhere.The theatre was clean and comfortable.  This was a 7 PM screening and since it seems that many Las Vegans are out of town on end of summer vacations, there was no wait at the ticket booth.A pleasant place.  I'll be back as they continue to screen these special events and some art and foreign films you won't find elsewhere.
Don't get here too early! We are In a casino with kids to see a kids movie.... The theater isn't open 45 min before the movie started! So the manager tells us we can't even sit at one of the tables with the kids in a particularly rude manner, he tells us to bring them in the casino benches which of course the security pushes us back to the theater.  The manager was also quite rude about us asking questions.  Then the selection and organization of the snack area is lacking compared to other theaters. One kid wanted a regular soft pretzel, not bites.... No go! Then they had limited selection and it was awkward with the line where the cashier was. The positive was they did have a pretty healthy nut and fruit mix choice. Also the theater wasn't totally packed which is always nice to have some room with kids.
Fast no wait seating on a Saturday night! The prices are way higher then they were when Logans first opened, but the food quality is about the same, so not a very good value. The service is very slow once you are seated, and you can only see the TV's from a few seats in the house, so if you plan on having a steak and watching the game, you must be particular about your seat, or go to Texas Roadhouse instead!
Store is fine but there's always only 1 or 2 registers open and VERY slow.  I would recommend going to the Home Depot on 51st ave and Baseline as they're a lot better staffed.
Love the ambiance, just like home! Meatball parm is delicious!!! Will be back whenever I'm in the area.
Not open Saturday unlike the Yelp page. No hours listed on building. Breakfast fail. It's very disappointing to walk all the way to a restaurant to find it is closed. A complete waste of time. I was looking forward to it. I won't be fooled again. Save yourself the trouble and go elsewhere.
Good location with excellent staff! My daughters school does fundraiser nights here often. Always a great experience here!
Papaya salad is delicious when it's spicy (my opinion)! So do try if you can take spicy. I don't like the shrimp that comes with it so my husband always eat them for me. They're not the dried tiny shrimp. but a cooked ones.Pho combination was pretty good too.
Best Pho in Charlotte!!! The food is so fresh and authentic. This is my new haunt! Highly recommended.
Best Thai food I've ever had. Period. The server was very rude, but the food is great! I've eaten inside twice and gotten the same server both times, she's too rude for me to tolerate any more(she is the only reason I didn't rate 5 stars) I've been ordering take out since, and the gentleman on the phone and in person is always pleasant and professional. All in all I'd recommend just ordering to go bc the service isn't worth the tip but the food is exemplary!
So good, so good, so good!!!  We eat here all the time and love it more than I can say!
Favorite Thai food in Charlotte! Definitely 5 stars. I drive here from like 20 minutes away and it's always worth it.
This place smells like heaven.Get the Tom kha soup. So good. It's a blend of Vietnamese and Thai so everyone in your party will be happy. It's a little restaurant on the backside of a plaza, but always has guests. Definitely recommended over other Thai places in the area.
Good quality food,  nice and attentive hosts,  keep checking with you.  Food served quickly
Good hair cut. Good guys working there. Reasonably priced. Nothing else to say. Simple as that.
Charlie was great!!Quick and good $24 Yelp thank you for your recommendation. Visit there next time I am in town.
Amazing! Best restaurant in vegas! Bread selection is amazing as well as the dessert cart. Every dish was unreal. Very small and cozy but extremely elegant. Had an issue getting a table but the casino fixed it. Worth going once or all the time if you're rich!
Awesome BBQ!! The catfish was excellent! Atmosphere casual and great for quick meal! The muffins that are served before the meal can be very addictive!
Best BBQ in Charlotte! Extensive menu from pulled pork to smoked Turkey and sausage! Mac and cheese is to die for!
Great owners. Maria and Faustino are tops! They are friendly and family orientated. We love supporting their business!
Cheapest meat ever.  Didn't like it one bit.  Staff was friendly. Did not care for the pho.  Cleanliness did not look like a priority.
PHO here is good, better than a few PHO places in OC.  I like their Ice Tea, it soothing taste and it's complementary.  Good service. I give 4 starts.
Always good, friendly staff and inexpensive. Their menu is HUGE - so many choices. But the spicy is SUPER hot! be careful ;)
Lunchtime sandwiches are the best plus they r healthy. Fresh produce what more can you ask for. Everyone here is very nice and always willing to help out. Love all the organic produce available and if you happen to have an allergy to gluten they have a lot of gluten free products also.
I'm all about the Bleu Ribbon burger and the seasoning for the fries.  I am dying to try a beer shake!
Great playground. Bring a piece of cardboard! There is a slide built into the hill and the kids love flying down on a piece of cardboard!There are great hiking trails throughout the park. This is a great woodsy spot right in the city!
First time here... Great biking nice single track had a good pedal today!  Got a little confusing As to where to go, most trails all lead to each other nice downhills and good inclines... Will definitely be back to explore more trails.
Great massage today. Ask for Kate she is wonderful!!!  Use to go elsewhere but will be coming to see Kate from now on.
Over priced, just go to Chevron up the street if your worried about quality of gas..
A fun place to take the family.  Tips:1. The whole family gets in for $1 on Sundays from noon to 2.2. Take your own chairs if you want to sit outside for sometime. All the available seating is pretty quickly claimed (even though not in use). They should change the policy that a chair can be claimed only when in use.
Amazing food, awesome service! We ordered the calamari and it was so awesome. Everyone ordered steaks and they were perfect. Staff was on point and service was excellent. Highly recommend to anyone in the area. We are so glad we chose this restaurant. We were starving after a long flight.
Watching the HEAT game! Stephanie is the best server hands down. She makes the BWW experience unique and makes you want to come back because she always comes to say hi whether she is waitressing our table or not.
Way better than the one on Thomas. I found this Wal Mart looking for some place else. Now it's the one I choose to go to. It just seems much more up scale and I enjoy shopping here more.
Hidden gem of the valley!! Fantastic all around .. Their prosciutto wrapped asparagus is to die for!!! Butter cake desert is something everyone has toHave!
Yummy... The 48 Oz porterhouse is the bomb... So is the creme brule..Ask for Jessica... She is the best I have had there so far!
I highly recommend this place! Amazing service and great appetizers and dinner! They were so friendly and attentive to all of our requests.
One of the best places around the staff,waiters,and bartenders are prompt and courteous...
Great thin crust pizza with really fresh toppings. You may want to order a size bigger than usual based on the super thin crust
It's NY Pizza!!  Right from Under the Brooklyn BridgeYelp wants me to write more, so you must visit this restaurant. You will enjoy every bite
We enjoy this pizza tremendously... Great pizza and salads.  The service was great. We keep returning...very friendly
Even after a brief stint working here, I still love the meatballs. The cafe menu is expanding and remains fresh and affordable.I love IKEA.  I read the catalog for fun.  I make a point to stop at the cafeteria when I'm in the store.  After walking the 5 miles of hamster trails through the place, I need some food.  The menu is limited: meatballs, a wrap, a shrimp salad thing, smoked salmon, a fish dish, chicken fingers and fries for the kids.  The prices are reasonable (5 bucks for 15 meatballs, mashed potatoes and gravy) and the portions are good.  The food is like the furniture; simple, straightforward and easy to assemble.  What you see is really what you get.  I've never had a bad meal here, but my expectations are also moderated.  Gourmet this is not.  But it sure hits the spot when your blood sugar is somewhere in housewares and you're still trying to figure out the dimensions you need for that new entertainment unit.
5 stars because Bojangles biscuits are delicious. This is an airport Bojangles so it's a litttle bit more expensive but its worth it if you're in the B terminal. It's also relatively cheap compared to other places in the airport. I mean come on what are you going to get a bag of beef jerkey from Hudson News and a soggy turkey sandwich out of some fridge???? No. Don't do that to yourself. Just get some chicken'n Biscuits and start your diet tomorrow when you're done jet setting.
The bar is the place to be.  Love the atmosphere and Ken is an awesome bartender. Excellent food and great happy Hour.  Love this place
Amazing sandwiches and great service! If you are in the courthouse check them out! The fresh mozzarella sandwich was awesome, so tasty and fresh and the service was superb!!
Closed lost leaseLast night sign on window, no lights, was in last week and everything ok. Loved the hummus.
Not a guy into fast foods but the lobster series is good actually. Recommend. Haven't tried other stuff yet.
Such a fun bar, and great lunch and dinner as well! Cute girls in daisy dukes, current music as well as country night on Thursdays. Great drink prices. There is usually a cover at night, but still less than most other clubs in town, especially in epicenter. Fast service at the bar, mechanical bull.
Worst managed theater in Charlotte!!! Avoid at all cost!!! For me it all starts with the purchasing of tickets. The walk-up self service kiosks never work, you can only browse the various showtimes, then you are forced to stand in a long line because there are only ever at the most two ticket windows open. The ticket doorman are always very nice and greet you with a smile and from there it goes downhill. There's only one or two concession lines open that take at least 15-20 minutes to navigate because there are always employees goofing off in the back, standing around not a manager to be seen. I've complained 5 times to the on-duty "manager" who only once offered me a free movie pass WHICH WAS MISSING THE ENTIRE POINT! I don't want free movie tickets, I want a better theater!!!! The bathroom stalls have no locks on them, there are paper towels all over the floor because the actual dispensers are completely empty. Not that you could wash your hand after using the restrooms because the dispensers are always empty. This makes me laugh because of the sign in the bathroom requiring all employees to wash their hands before they return to work, a feat that is impossible due to the lack of soap in the bathrooms. From the restrooms you see cracked lit movie poster frames covered up with clear plastic tape. The only redeeming value of this theater is the movie theater. The red drapes and stadium seating along with the great sound system make it occasionally bearable, but every time I go back I always end up disappointed. Steer clear of AMC Northlake at all cost. Save your money and spend it on gas to drive to another theater where management actually gives a flying flip about the quality of their theater.
Most of these are always a good pick, very clean and courteous staff the popcorn ain't so much but always get here between 8pm and close for crowd free experience
Great place to get feeders an odd and rarity animals that no other shop carries. Christian the owner is normally in the shop to help you out with any questions that you may have for any of your reptiles. Unlike any of the other reptile shops.
The pizza was delicious, but the wings left a lot to be desired. I will be eating their pizza again for sure!
It's good pizza and wings usually pretty quiet has a few TV's. Prices are good owners are friendly.
Jet is your average nightclub in Vegas. Lines here get pretty long and we were also in line for a while, but at least we got in with complimentary passes. We came here about 15 people deep with more girls than guys. One thing that was pretty messed up was that most of us were waiting in line the whole time and we were waiting for 2 people. They finally arrived right after they let us all in. We asked if the 2 other members of our group can get in along with us and they said no. They even kicked one of us out just for asking. LOL! Anyways, the bouncers just wanted us to give them a tip before they did us a "favor" which we might have considered if they weren't such ass holes. Anyways, they eventually got in 20 minutes later and we partied up for a couple of hours before we headed to XS at Encore!I've had mixed experiences from here before. Anywhere from dropping a few grand on bottles here to getting kicked out for weed! Which happened not to be mines by the way! It somehow magically was getting passed around and happen to come across me. LMAO!
Delivered so quickly and awesome pizza! The estimated wait time was 1 hour, they delivered to the Beer Market in 15 minutes.
The new Q100.5 is the best radio station in Vegas! They play all old school R&B and rap. Doesn't get any better!
Wonderful service, great food, & very reasonable prices! Family owned & all around high quality. One of my favorite sushi restaurants on that side of town. Their teriyaki salmon is sushi grade & extremely high quality. They also have a very good Korean BBQ menu. Great place!
Yet again another smoke filled disappointment thanks yelp for the recommendation! I prefer not to smell smoke as I eat or do anything in my life.
Business is no longer there. Building is now a vacant wine bar. Looking at the Papercrazy website it looks like they have moved to a location on Camelback and are only available by appointment. How disappointing.
We called ahead for seating and only had a 10 minute wait on a busy night. Good service fast delivery of food items. Meat lacked flavor and was over cooked.
For the first time I find a place that I enjoy coming in and eating my food with joy.Loved all the food, ambiance and wonderful service! Keep up with the great work!Can't wait to come back and try the fish and chips oh! FREE on Tuesday to feed my kids in case I don't feel like cooking :)Dessert here we come!!
Need feed for the new flock! Ace is the only place nearby that carries it. Staff are helpful too . I also like their choice of toys for the pups!
Simply the best place to call home.  All the amenities, cool vibe, great pool scene, 24 hour concierge service, same day laundry, dedicated parking, secure entry.  HOA reasonable.  What's not to like in condo living?
Great restaurant, yummy food and nice service. During my stay, the service was excellent. The food was also very good and if I can, I will always stay here during visits to Charlotte. The staff were able to give me recommendations on a local bar and when I checked it out, there was a live band! Made my night!!!
I love this store as long as I find amarula and Curacao at a nice price!!! :-) there is only one thing bothering...juices and snacks are a bit too expensive,.
Service and food were amazing! The cheesecake was perfect! We went for dinner on our honeymoon..so glad we chose the cheesecake factory.
If you like your table pre-bussed don't come here. Food was good. Service was okay. I cannot take having my empty plate sit in front of me for 15 min after I've finished. If you are busy...ask for help.
The chicken brochettes are good but expensive. It comes with rice and fries which are good though. They have chicken sandwiches also which are a bit bland
Nous avons pris des déjeuners 2x en takeout. C'était bon, rien d'exceptionnel.Le pain doré croustillant a vraiment bon goût. Par contre pour les smooties....ça fait vraiment dur ! Ça goûte la crème glacée mélangée avec de l'eau, ce qui est vraiment désagréable le matin.
Excellente place à desjeuners. Belles assiettes, bon cafés, bon services. Beaucoup d'espaces pour manger
Place à déjeuner classique le café est en extra pratique en poussette decoration ferme chic
Mediocre food at a painfully slow pace.  The wait staff were arguing in front of everyone whose table belong to whom.  Then, you never saw them again. I actually had my waitress stand over my shoulder to see what kind of tip I was leaving!  Worst experience I've had in Montreal.
Toujours excellent, bonne bouffe, bon prix, que demander de plus !! Le service est rapide et les serveurs sont toujours souriant. Il y a vraiment un gros menu, vous y trouverez quelque chose à votre goût.
The best pizza and pasta in rdp $$$ good price and service
Slow & expensive and overall the worst experience I ever had at a printer. It took them over 30 mins just to wire-o one document...!
Amazing!  5!  Bang for your buck!I went here during the christmas break with family.  Wandered the old city to find over-priced food.  having living in france, I could not bear to pay something more than what it would cost in euros for a relaxed, bistro/cafe style dinner, prix fixe.So we walked into here, and lo and behold reasonable prices.At first I didn't expect much, but with the arrival of fresh warm bread, then the salad, and finally the entrees I was surprised.  I got the confit and my parents got the liver.  Very typical french meals.  My duck as nice and tender, could've had some sauce, the liver was delicious!This all came with a dessert, but we upgraded a la carte to the creme brulee. With a bottle of wine, family of 3, was only 80.In addition, one of the servers there was extremely friendly.  I could even tell he was from Brittany from his accent.  When I asked him I was bang on.  Highly recommend!
Best japaneese food in Montréal! If you take out, you have to wait 30 min minimum and outside. You have to know that
Great sushi place. Great prices. Superbe location. Friendly staff. We can order tooBe careful as this place doesn't serve alcohol. But to be honest I like it that way. It keeps the price down. The decor is very unusual for a sushi place but that is why I like about it. I just love the place as going there or takeout for eating in the nearby park.
Best nachos in the entire world! Huge portions though. Vegan but tastes amazing. Definitely get Lola's Nachos and sangria
Variety of shisha and drink options.Inside is dark design.Helpful waitresses.Not giving more than 1 charcoal for shisha cuz head is small, need to get a new head if u finish and still want to smoke
Cool place, nice terrase. Terrible service. Our waitress was alone, it took her too long to bring our nachos and sangria. They burned our first nachos and we got the 2nds for free
cozy place with warm ambiance great croissant viennoiserie great place to meet a friend and chat very laid bak not trying to be trendy of anything real hippy joint
Delicious marshmallow hot Choc!!!  My friend & I also had the squirrel crepe...gigantic. Big enough for three people to share. This location is super close to the berri-quam subway stop
Toujours bon c'est une tradition et c est fou comme les serveuses sont belles !!!Service très rapide et courtois. Toilette propres pas trop bruyant et éclairage adéquat plein d écrans .
Great ambiance, great food. The best sushi I ate at Montreal. We got the private room with the low table (and place to put our feet under) it was really nice
Loved brunch here! Not alot of selection but you sure get the most for your buck!I got the smoked salmon dish. All was great except for the sweet potato salmon ball. Staff were very friendly. Would definitely recommend.
Très bon restaurant mexicain aux prix abordables et au service très sympa. Je vous conseille le Ranchero à 14$, c'est le plat le plus cher mais il vaut le coût. Les chips sont chaudes et croustillantes, un bar à sauces à volonté... excellent.
I took a date here. It was her first time in Montreal. We have been to a lot of fine dining in Toronto, I wanted to show her what Montreal had to offer. This place did not disapoint. Amazing food and great service. Everything you could want in fine dining. Loved it. Next time I will wear a blazer though. I think I was the only guy there not wearing one that night.
stuffy and overpriced, the food was blah and the service was underwhelming. they offer caviar or oysters to begin, it's a pricey trap... don't fall into it! I will not be going back, definitely over rated.
So so bagel sandwiches. Not worth going out of way for. Flavours mediocre. Packed to the brim, definitely not worth waiting for.
Great beers and service! Great beer selection, we had the sample.  Really enjoyed the beers!
Cool little bar/venue hangout with free foosball. Welcoming and friendly staff. Local art hanging on the walls added to the atmosphere.
Blueberry danishes are amazing! This is my favorite bakery in Montreal. I have never been disappointed. Oh, also try their creme brule! Yum!
Mmmmm même pour les non végé ;) ils ont un excellent comptoir de produits pour emporter.
"Extended" Happy Hour, from 2:00pm to 9:00pm. Try their Scotch Ale on tap...Service super attentif et attentionné, prix très raisonnables, une sélection de bières en spécial à tous les jours/soirs...La musique est soutenable dans la mesure où il est possible d'entretenir une conversation de plus de 2 phrases avec son voisin et d'entendre tous les mots desdites phrases...Décor de taverne...ce que Baptiste a toujours été...Si vous êtes chanceux(se), vous tomberez sur un lancement (album, livre, pièce) et serez invité(e) à vous joindre au party...Rue Mont-Royal oblige, une terrasse est installée devant l'établissement lorsque le soleil de printemps fait jaillir des premiers (chauds) rayons...Sans être un "incontournable", Chez Baptiste se veut une valeur sûre.
Good Montreal style bagels that when you miss the ones from home (New York) you can enjoy theirs with some cream cheese. They tasted fresh out of the oven, love the sesame bagel and fairly cheap as well. My friends and I throughly enjoy having their bagels.
I dare you not to eat them when they're warm out of the wood fire oven! Oh soo good.Major assortment of flavors, sizes, spreads etc. Competitively priced.
proper sweet crepes in an epcot paris cafe sort of place. the crepe batter was spot on in terms of flavor, and it was cooked properly and had the right thickness. it was also a plus they didn't pound it with nutella like they do in the states.
Très beau bar!! Bonne ambiance! Bon service!! Idéal pour rencontre entre amis!! Bonne bières! Les jeudis 5 a 7 sont bien occupé!!!
J'y ai mangé les meilleurs tartares à vie, vraiment à essayer!L'ambiance est aussi excellente, en couple ou avec une gang d'amis l'endroit se porte à toutes les occasions. Service charmant, on ne regrette jamais notre visite!
C'est bon et l'ambiance superbe, les prix un peu élevés. Mais c'est parfait pour les dimanches soirs !
Best brunch I've ever had. Yelp is forcing me to add words to my review so I'm doing just that right now but there's no need for more. That first sentence is enough for anyone who likes brunch to go there tomorrow morning.
Best steak eggs Benedict ! Also came with fruit to start which was very refreshing. Two choices of beer, Laurentide is a local beer 710ml for 6 dollars not bad at all.
Best salmon tartare! Full portion with a cosmopolitan for supper!Fun ambiance! Nice servers, very nice setting!
Great slightly refined brunch and good coffee, what more could you ask for? You can never go wrong with their eggs benedict plates.
Gotta love this pizza. Great crust, good flavors. Been here a few times and it stays consistent.
Looks dingy on the outside; inside is beautiful and accommodating. Staff is really friendly and appropriate. Location is amazing. Love the fact that it's right on top two sex shops.
Très bon couscous, portion très généreuse et prix très raisonnable.  Service de livraison très efficace.  Franchement ça vaut pas le coup de faire le couscous a la maison.
Very good food Duck and steak tartar is awesomeDeserts was also goodService was fast and accurate Nice vine selection and food presentation
Came 3 days ago and still waiting for the food!!!!!!!!!!!!! The food wasn't that great and just spend whole lot of money for no reason.. After waiting for the food which took almost 30 mins..
Best Baton Rouge I have ever been to! Amazing ambiance, dark mahogany colors inside. I had the lunch special Louisiana BBQ Chicken with sweet potato fries. Wow that was tasty
Best baton rouge ever! Excellent steak! The food the service. Everything is perfect. The staff was really helpul too
Worst crepes ever. Lack of stuffings. Lack of taste. Lack of service. My wife took the pork chops... same thing. How can you miss a pork chop. And the fries looked like McCain's fries. Overcooked. Oh well, that was the last time.
Good quality asian food at a reasonable price. The ambience is friendly & a recommended place for a quick eat or takeout.
bieres, moules & frites. Voila les 3 mots décrivant cet endroit phare du centre-ville de Montréal.Bien honnêtement, je n'ai pas été impressionnée. Je prend rarement des moules au restaurant car je suis souvent déçue. Cette fois je croyais que ça y était ! Que j'allais enfin avoir de bonnes moules. Pour être honnête, elles m'ont donné mal au coeur : croquer des grains de sable dans ma sauce marinara était assez moyen. Les drinks a la bière géants étaient bons, pour compenser. Une chance que le serveur était sympathique et que j'étais en bonne compagnie.. !
Got the burger of the month.  Was good but not exceptional.  The menu is a little pricy for the quality and service.
great place for pick up. sushi is fresh. I love the ichiban thing. As well as the tartare. They often give some free hosomaki. And the price is fair.
The best place of MontrealIf you want to drink and listen a good music is the good bar
Amazing bakery! Best one in Montreal by far. Its a family owned business and it sure feels like that when u walk in. Highly recomend, u wont regret it (even my nonna approves).
Merci à Morgane de l'auberge pour avoir contribué à cette superbe soirée.La nourriture et l'ambiance sont irréprochables.
LookWonderful spot  for brunch with girl friends right in the heart of old Montreal. The live jazz band sets the atmosphere
Excellent foodGreat serviceGreat portionsHad the korma lamb , absolutely incredible.Highly recommended !
Beaucoup d'employer au service des clients. Épicerie très propre ! Je le recommande a tous
Meilleur hamburger de Montreal, je recommande ce restaurant rétro !J'ai pris le hamburger au poulet pesto et fromage frais, un vrai délice ! Les prix sont corrects, le hic : ils ne prennent pas la carte bancaire !
Diner- great omelette & poutine fries.Came with cole slaw and mixed veggies.Nice meal.Crowd was interesting.
Definitely the best place to enjoy a bagel in Montreal! The bagels are super fresh. Great service and great atmosphere! Their lattes are just as good as the ones I had in Italy.
I went to the location on Avenue Mont Royal Est.  This is a great, lively place to come for lunch while in the Plateau district. There aren't many tables, so you may find yourself waiting for 10 to 20 minutes. Once you order food, it comes pretty fast. The fake crab salad is awesome. "Salad de goberge" in Québécois ..A lot of Food businesses and cafes in this area pride themselves on offering St-Viateur Bagels.
Great bagels that are softer almost a pretzel like texture. Service is so so. Drinks are overpriced. It's best just to go to the pick up counter on the right and just pick up the freshest bagels for a quarter of the price and then get on with your day.
pricey, crowded, and loud :/ I did not enjoy my food and I did not enjoy my experience.
Probablement la meilleure soupe tonkinoise à Mtl... Ambiance ok. Service ok. Prix ok. On y va pour une bonne dose de "confort soup"
Really good sushi, always fresh and tasty!!I always order A La Carte and get the avocado, the rainbow and the spicy salmon roll. Bang! under 30$ for ~30 pieces of sushi. Highly recommended
Great service.  Great food. Omelettes are great. Stake and eggs is really good too. I tried some of my friend's French Toasts and they were really good. Great breakfast spot
Excellent food and great service! :)  We are traveling from the US and they had English menus which made ordering their great food much easier.
Vraiment de très bons Sushi!!! Les pizzas Sushi sont un délice!! Ça ne se compare vraiment pas aux autres chaînes de restaurant a de Sushi!! Livraison rapide!! Et bon prix !!
Very good authentic Chinese food.  Located upstair in Chinatown alley.
Terrible, our dishes were salty and greasy and the staff was not helpful. I would not recommend any of my friends to go to this place
AAA membership makes adult ticket price $16 (instead of the $20)! Staff is very friendly and they have guided tours regularly. It's very unique that the museum was built above the archaeological site and everything is well preserved.. The guide for the English tour really knew her stuff and you could tell she loves Montreal. There was also a visiting Marco Polo exhibit as well. Overall, this museum is well worth a visit (especially if you are looking to escape the rain =P)!
Prenez une bonne pouffe de graisse en entrant.C'est du fast-food, c'est certain. Aucune prétention ici. Je prends souvent les sous-marins, qui font mon plus grand plaisir, mais pas mal toute la malbouffe est bonne. Ouvert tard pour ceux qui boivent en plus.Service correct, bouffe graisseuse et choix typiques, un bon classique sur la rue Mont-Royal.
Best Poutine we had on our trip!!! This is a must!!!! Cruchy fries, awesome gravy and the curds were to die for!
best Poutine. Nice staff at the Portuguese quartier of rue saint Laurent.Very good.
Le smoke meat n'est plus ce qu'il a été, la recette semble avoir changée... Dommage. Le coleslaw jadis le meilleur en ville n'est plus également ainsi que son ambiance d'antan
S*cks! Way over priced for what u get...Don't like the vibe & ambiance. Why people here pretend to be something they are not???  No way I shall be back.
Super!! Tout est vraiment délicieux est frais!! Le local manque en peut de espace mais ça me pas trop déranger car c'est une endroit très typique!!
Very nice dinner for a first in Montreal. Tasty food and good wine.Good service too.
We were recommended by our carriage driver loved it must try!!! Portions are small and a bit pricy but enjoyed it.
Food is excellent! Looks very inconspicuous but really great tasting dishes. We ordered lobster with ginger, general tao, beef flank with flat noodles, and fried mustard greens.
Twelve years later and this place is still amazing. A real Montreal institution. A must go on every visit to this city.
Worst food.. Don't recommend anyone to go to this place.. Naan were horrible.. Chicken Dhansak was worse than the worst I have had.. Don't think they know what Indian food tastes like..
Très bon, des prix raisonnables, bonne ambiance et un très bon service.Le filet mignon était bon, même si un peu cher. La pizza est bonne et fraiche. C'est un bon restaurant de quartier.
sandwiches are OK,  just OK. mass delusional hype is the only explanation. sides were not worth it at all. skip waiting in line like a tool and just order the sandwich to go if you want the "experience", what experience that is I have yet to figure out
Amazing! Tender and great flavor. On par with brisket from central Texas. Went in on a Monday afternoon, between lunch and dinner. Only waited for a minute or two outside.  Coleslaw was verygood, flavor of sweet dill pickles. Buy a shirt!  Never did and regretted it.
Best smoked meat sandwich in Montreal period. Fresh, juicy, perfectly smoked and delicious!
Really good sandwich,  with French fries and pickles!The staff are very nice.Be patient to wait at the line.
Montreal smoked meat sandwich is a must! We went around 11am and there wasn't a lineup yet. Cash and debit only.
J'ai payé 4 dollars le cronut... très cher et pas très bon...peu de crème pâtissière. Je ne vois pas pourquoi ça coûte aussi cher.
Three words: simple, fresh, quality.First time to Montreal, and a foodie friend took me here.  Tremendous fresh fish, giant lobster. Fish of the day displayed on ice at the front of the restaurant, between the dining room and the kitchen.  Two kinds of fish I'd never tried before (and since they grill the entire fish, one was enough for the two of us to share) so I tried a fago -- Greek Snapper.  Really firm flesh, flavorful, and perfectly grilled.Tomato and feta salad fresh, side of broccolini fresh, olive oil and house-made bread, fresh... you get the picture.  Service was attentive and swift, without being remotely clingy or overbearing. Wine selection is 100% greek, so I needed some recommendations from the waiter, but he was great in steering us through the by-the-glass selections for our starter and entree courses.For desert, my friend had house-made baklava, and I had fresh greek yogurt drizzled with thyme honey.  We complemented this with fresh-leaved mint tea and a greek coffee.Again, simple, fresh, quality.
Bring your own wine and beer....dun dun dun!First time here, got their table d'hote special. The main course portion of duck was HUGE. I couldnt finish it though :(Have to pay them another visit. They were sauteing chillis and the smell convinced me for a round 2 trip!!They even offer 15% off to Yelpers who check in!
Generous on the alcohol in these mason jar based drinks. These guys don't fool around. Get a large one and you'll either be drunk (if you're a lightweight like I am) or at the very least tipsy by the end of it. The only snacks they have are pretty much, awesome (goldfish, beef jerky, and popcorn. LOL). We tried the mojito which was highly favored, and le patriote, which was so delicately crafted with the rosemary and citron-lime soda. I'm not typically a soda (ahem, pop) kind of person but I could hardly tell this drink came with bubbles!
Excellent service in a beautiful store.  The owner spent quite a bit of time with me and even steeped a fresh cup of tea for me to try. This is the way a store should be run.  I look forward to my next visit!
Best crepe we have had in a long time. Old Montréal hidden gem. The fondue was amazing as well.
Terrific fondue. Excellent service. Nice atmosphere. Crêpes were delicious. Reasonable prices for Old Montreal and excellent variety.
THE  place to go for dessert crepes. Hands down. Delicious! Out door seating but wide open windows inside gives outside feel. Fresh tasty nice variety. Extremely friendly wait staff.
Only lamb chops are above average..fillet is so plain, taste only salt and lemon..I really doubt how this can get so much reviews on tripadvisor
Yummy food and cozy placeWorth it to give it a try good food friendly staff... The quality of the food has a room for improvement
Tout pour courir de -30C A 30C depuis 30 ans avec une atmosphère agréable  Une équipe enthousiasme et passionnée Un choix incroyablec
Wednesday not good nite. Dancers not allowed to approach men, only ladies. Men still pay entrance and most dancers seem straight, although they have great builds.
Perfect for a late night meal! The staff is friendly and the price is right! I've been known to frequent the place on late nights, i prefer it over the Banquise even if i'm across the street from it.. Its probably due to the huge line up the food is ok but the staff is half and half (i assume they are annoyed of the young drunks) Anyways all to say its my new spot for a late night meal they have a variety of food and even a terrace in the summer.
La place parfaite pour jouer au pool et suivre à la télé un match des Canadiens! Un vrai bar de quartier bien tenue!
Tried the poached egg in my face panini.  Very good overall and great tasting. The quantity of ingredients was just perfect.  Took is linger to find parking then to devour thus yummy goodness.  Next time I am in the city,  will have to try their pastries
Amazing Cuban sandwich and salads, worth the wait! The coffee and chai are also very good!
AMAZING!!!!!! The food... The location.... Everything is unreal. Although they always change the soup and salad the flavours with never disappoint.  I had the tomato soup and it was so perfect.  Try the Cajun chicken cold sandwich or the grilled cheese hot panini both are amazing
Service très lent. La caisse est toujours fermée. Pire mcdo au Canada. Mauvais service à la clientèle. Ça dors au gaz.
had their maple green tea, maple black tea and iced maple syrup on montreal high lights festival
Awesome coffee and ambiance. Come here if you want a quiet moment. There is no internet or electrical outlets. This is not a place to necessarily work but more to relax and get away from work and noise. The staff is super nice.
It has the usual diner food. The food is good but a little pricey. Open late. Salads are good, sandwiches are good. Standard stuff.
Saggy pizza. Not tasty at all. Felt horrible all day. Not recommended. I might as well have eaten bagel and cream cheese.
Love love love this place. Awesome friendly bartenders. and great karaoke as a traveller. It's so nice to go somewhere where you feel welcome
Incroyable! Belle terrasse a l'ombre. La meilleure soupe dal de montréal!Les brunchs sont aussi très originaux, ca change des oeufs pour une fois!
NE PAS commander autre chose que les pizza (qui sont bonnes). Pourquoi payer la même chose qu'une grande pizza mais pour une petite portion de pâtes...? Autant mieux aller au restaurant "Le Planète".
Food was fresh, service attentive. Would definitely recommend. The basic dishes are comparable to Dim Sum restaurants in Toronto. The selection is a little on the small side but the basics are all covered. Jasmine tea was not as yummy as most places for some reason. The restaurant is pretty clean, not spotless. Real tablecloths is a nice touch.
L'endroit parfait dans le quartier chinois ! L'endroit ne paie pas tellement de mine de l'extérieur, mais la nourriture est super et ce n'est vraiment pas dispendieux !
Très bon mais beaucoup trop cher.Plus de 18 $ plus tip pour un sandwich, une frite et une boisson gazeuse ça me semble très exagéré.J'ai aimé la nourriture. Mais ça va prendre un bout de temps avant que j'y retourne.
Easily Montreal's finest. It's in the city's Jewish area, therefore you cant go wrong with this one.
Simply, the best beer dep in the city. Helpful staff and great selection. Not exactly cheap but great overall
Le meilleur restaurant dans le genre à Montreal. Les antipasto sont succulents! Le gâteau reine est décadent.
We went 6 people and all took their specials. The place is dirty, food is terrible and service just OK. One star. There are many better places around.
The food was very good.Service was good.A good place for Indian foodWe (a group of 5) ordered menus and plates, we got a lot of food!
Very good service , food was good , not a lot of space - offers coupons from groupon on occasion - they didn't rush you out , better than many Chinese restaurants in town  - only downside no parking busy street
Great beer, pleasant and vibrant space, reasonably priced. The service was quite good, especially given that it was pretty crowded. If I lived in the area, I suspect I would become a regular.
Beer is off the chain.  Highly recommended if you love great beer.  Seating can be real stacked.  Try to get there kinda early so you can get a nice spot to relax and enjoy a few cold ones.
Fab servers. Lively atmosphere.great brews! The pink hibiscus beer is a must try- again and again.
Great service but the food isn't that good :/ I had their lasagna which was recommended by a fellow in the reviews and to be honest it's not the best I've had!! The best lasagna is at Angela's on maisonneuve
Worst service ever. Slow, then fave my I order to someone else. Need I say more. Well actually I guess I do. I mean how can you screw up an order for a single empenada? Which by the way are small, expensive and not really all that tasty
Good Beer and bacon and cheese popcorn our bartender is great our bartender Vincent is fabulous so friendly and funny and very informative about the beer selection love this place to bad we have to fly home to Vancouver today wish we had discovered it a few days ago
Excellentes dégustations des saisons. Petit coup de coeur pour la saison 225 rhubarbe et la saison sauternes
Très bons plats, produits frais et saveurs. Un bon thaï sur Montréal. Le carri rouge crevettes est délicieux.Grande salle, bien agencée
After staying in Marriotts in more than a dozen places, this one gets the least favorite tag.First impression - outdated - faded carpets,clunky feel.The staff - unlike most Marriotts, I personally felt the staff was curt and the interactions left an unpleasant memory. The only other Marriott that I can remember with a few curt interactions was the one in Paris.If you get a room on one of the upper floors, the view out of the semi-circular arched window is good.The room in itself was okay - the bed was comfortable, but the room felt a little small, and the bathroom had a dated look and had just enough room to move about.Location - There is a metro located in the building.Concierge - the folks here were extremely nice and helpful.The bar/lounge - The server who attended to us was very nice - a big deal after the otherwise so not $$$ worth stay here. The worst part - The complimentary breakfast is a sham! A cup of coffee n a croissant is their continental breakfast! U can't take cereals or fruits instead. If someone is kind enough to let u substitute d croissant for cereals,mind u, only one bowl of cereals. if u take one more of their only available 'small sized cup' of cereals, they dump a $9 on you! For a hotel that charges you $$$, and inspite of being a whatever status here, shame on them for imposing such an unbecoming experience on us! Ruined our day!What made it worse was the way the duty manager dealt with this episode. We were only one of several displeased folks that morning. The way the duty manager spoke in his patronizing manner with little or no regard to the fact that we just had a very bitter start of the day was very annoying. He had the cheek to tell us that the front desk sometimes gives $10 coupons and that way we would have had to pay $10 less on the bill!! Talk about attitude!!(Apparently, as of a day or two before, all Marriotts, atleast those in Canada were informed by the Marriott management that the lounge was to be closed on Sat and Sun and the free continental if applicable was supposed to be limited to just one croissant and a cup of coffee! Wonder if they would object to getting some extra sugar or milk for the coffee! If that is indeed true, well - never expected this from the Marriott group! )Update:Post communicating the concern, there was a good amount of follow up from the customer service to understand what had happened during our stay. The initiative taken by the customer service and the prompt and courteous interactions, by itself, call for a 5-star review.
Nice Spacious Rooms and good customer service. The doorman would literally run to open the door for us. There were mints on the pillows and a curtain so you could see into the bathroom (just kinda weird....). The toilet was also in its own private little avant-garde stall in the bathroom. Beds were very comfy. Breakfast was good as well with a nice continental flair. Good location as well, right in the heart of downtown and a nice walk away from the Musee deu Beaux Arts.
Slow apathetic service.  Overpriced.  Avoid this place.Server did not bring drinks until asked for the third time.  Food took forever to come.  Dish-ware was dirty.  Staff did not seem to care.  There are so many wonderful places to eat in Montreal, do yourself a favor and don't waste your time here.
Service Lacking, food ok. Not worth going in unless you are caught in a downpour.  Servers seemed bored with helping us and taking our order- we waited quite sometime-
Fast and easy the Toronot gate wAs a bit far And the ladies at the porter staff was great and fast and security are watch lovers too I think I sold couple watches at the gate
Margarita and chips is good,but food is just so so, I maybe back to try margarita. Goooooodddddddd
Food took a long time and small portions. Place just re-open but need to get things together!!!
Try the lost paradise if you like seafood - fantastic!!! Loved it :) never had anything like it..some kind of sushi fusion I think. also had some chocolate lava cake thing with chocolate ice cream - amazing!! Staff were also excellent.
If you like your eggs to taste like cooking spray this is the place to be. Awful! The best part of this place was the water.
Cuisinier qui met la bonne ambiance et une viande de qualité au rendez-vous ! Le restaurant est très calme et conviendra pour un bon restaurant entre amis !Les prix semblent raisonnables vu la quantité dégustée.
A healthier alternative to greasy pizza after a night out!Atmosphere: The place is often crowded after 1am; not the ideal place to go for dinner unless you're starving after clubbing.  In the afternoons though, the place is much quieter, arabic music is often on, and you can really enjoy a meal outside (weather permitting) and bask in the sunshine.Service: I have gotten to know the family that owns this franchise; 3 (of 6!) sisters. The ladies run the place in various shifts, but have always been very pleasant and courteous.  They know that the restaurant is their livelihood, and thus work very hard to keep their customers happy.Food: The Amir menu + some surprise dishes cooked up by the franchises depending on the mood.  Given the heavy footfalls in this area, the chicken and beef shawarma racks are constantly fresh.  In the evening, just before the clubs unleash their patrons out onto the streets (3ish) is the best time to grab some grub.  At that time, it's fresh (in anticipation of the onslaught of inebriated people), so it's the best time to grab some :O)Food is good, the people are even better
Good quality meats and friendly service.  The vegetables might be tastier but the variety and speed are nice to have.
My favorite restaurant in downtown Montreal! always fresh and tasty. been there thousand times!
Incredible food and experience. Never realized each color of this universe was beautiful on its own.
I loved their food so yumm,, the spices were perfect,,, the place was packed ,,, you can bring your own wine or drinks ,,,
Do NOT book this hotel. They make it up like it's luxury but don't be fooled. Almost no amenities, and so out-dated. Either you demand an upgrade to the "presidential suite" or leave because the presidential suites are the only ones that are equivalent to a standard Holiday Inn room.
Great ambiance and Jazz.   The decor is sort of over the top/heavy on decorations, but it is kind of fun..    We ordered the chicken nachos and the caesar salad.  Both were good and well prepared.   The drinks were a bit on the watered down side, but the music was good.  Overall a nice experience.    There is a cover !
Decent selection, friendly service and all around great atmosphere.  A bit pricey and not the best smoke in the City, but the views and location made it an enjoyable time.  The ventalation in the place was also really good, so the clothes didn't too bad on the way out!
Pretty good place, big portions, servers nice, friendly, and professional .... It's my first time here and might come back again .... food was delicious and portions are pretty big...
Great deli!  Love this place.  I always get the same thing. A freaking big pile of delicious smoked meat!  I go medium fat. Why not? That's where the flavour is. They get you in and out fast but I have never felt rushed. Just fast service.
Best hamburger ever! Juicy, well cooked and delicious The staff very friendly and helpful and if you sit at the end of the row you will be seeing how they prepare the burgers
Amazing hamburger BBB! Good staff, big portions and the highest quality
The falafel they have is delicious and juicy. The price is great for this little gem. I know this place for almost 10 years. I always come back when I miss the Lebanese Falafel. It is not exactly like the Leb one but the best I can get here.
Nice mix of jazz, world music, rock, etc.  This is the largest Jazz festival in the world.  At one point in time you can have at least 4 LIVE outdoor stages, playing different bands.    In addition to that, many venues have paid concerts throughout the city.   Very lively, very fun...
Tuna with fries and Cod with Tomatoes and Onions - both fab. Great place. Visit everytime we are in Montreal. Love the decor!!!!
Menu de game... Un peu decue :(Le menu régulier n'était pas au rendez-vous. J'ai donc pris les ribs, mais j'aurais préféré une grosse salade ou un poisson. Bon... la prochaine fois ! Faut dire que cette location est tout près du centre Bell... donc souvent un show ou une game. Donc pas de réservation, ni de menu alléchant. BOUH. Le service était bien, mais on s'est senti un peu pressés de déguerpir car ils attendaient pour faire entrer le second service. A la prochaine !
Pathetic service... not going again. The servers lack courtesy and will leave you hanging. The owner talks the big talk lacks walking the talk.All in all too little for too much...
Excellent food and terrific experience.  A perfect small Italian restaurant feel.  The host made us feel like family and they accommodated special requests.
Très bon restaurant italien huppé avec un cadre branché. Tout y est très bon. Que ce soit pour une date, un dîner entre amis,  professionnel, c'est une valeur sûre
Une petite bière en cette chaude journée !Comme le menu est le même que dans les autres 3 brasseurs, je ne m'attarderai pas a celui-ci. J'ai pris le wrap au poulet mex et honnêtement je n'ai goûté que le poulet, aucune verdure, pas de goût de fromage, un peu décevant.Par contre, un gros thumbs up a leur bière en bouteille ' la belle province' une bière ambrée absolument délicieuse aux arômes de sirop d'érable. A essayer !
Fun a atmosphere. Great staff. Good food and drink.Nice range of micro beers and food selection.
Very good. Worth a try! The price is just right and it's plenty of food if you're hungry
Food is good but otherwise kind of lame. Usually not a big crowd at night time. Sometimes they have decent music playing
Probably the best Indian restaurant in N.America. Excellent quality. The selection of wines was good and so were the vegetarian dishes I tried.
The food was good. But it took forever to get our orders!!!. But overall still would go back there, just for the food
This place is definitely a must try if you like steak. I recommend the Rib steak, medium rare with the twice baked potato. It's basically a stuffed baked potato that has chives bacon and sour cream mashed into it. The best part of the steak was the seasoning. Even if you are a purist I think you should give this one a try! It works! Only thing I think they can improve on is dessert. All the choices seemed kind of standard, like there was nothing I felt like I had to have Or couldn't get elsewhere. For all I know it could have just been a third party delivery service. It did taste like one.The service was great too. They had an hr long wait for 5 people, when we got there so we just went to the bar to have a few drinks and one of the managers said he would get us a table right away. We were seated before we even finished the drink.Over all go there for the steak and drinks, skip the dessert. There are many places around you can just walk to, especially if you're on a date it will be a nice touch.
Wonderful meal. Have the Prime Rib. You won't be disappointed. We went on a Saturday. No reservations accepted. Got seated quickly. Ordered our meals and wine. My son ordered a steak medium and it came out Rare twice!!!!  They made good on it ('my son was very polite about it). The Keg comped meal + gave him dessert. Very classy.  Thank you!!!
Unilingue anglophones à Montréal. Aussi hypocrites que ploucs!Pourquoi ne retourneraient-ils pas en Angleterre... ils y seraient tellement mieux, là-bas tout est en anglais.
Decent hotel at a good price. Location is key. The rooms are pretty clean. Staff is friendly. Late check out was fine with them. Parking was limited/ outside somewhere else.
Amazing atmosphere, and great food! It has a nice modern updated look, kind of like a modern diner. Also has a terrasse and televisions with trending live sports. As a kosher restaurant, it is comparitively cheap but some items are somewhat pricey, like their asian dishes. Overall the portions are generous, and the quality is good. Service can take some time, but it is worth the wait in the end. If I could recommend some of their dishes, it would be the mergez baguette, shish taouk laffa or a classic shawarma pita. As for their sauces, I like their creamy and tangy burger sauce, and their insanely spicy sauce if you're up to it.
All I can is good food but nothing great. Good service, good ambiance & I can say ok for kids too
This location is more aptly named Slowbucks. It's also two completely different stores in the morning and evening. I'm used to fast serivce in the AM, and relaxed service in the PM. This store has it backwards. Lucky for them I don't do snapshots.
Very original dishes and a nice ambiance! A perfect place for a business meeting and for the fish lovers!
Oeufs pourris, mayonnaise douteuse. Bon service, mais à éviter absolument. Les prix peuvent parfois vous attirer à certains endroits, mais parfois il va mieux payer un peu plus pour ne pas terminer à l'hôpital. Le bacon était correct.
One of my fav places in Montreal, excellent beers and food at reasonable prices! Please open on a Sunday?
I always enjoy my stay. Good people come here . You're always treated like royalty . Pulled pork is always great
Unbelievably spacious rooms, great service, fairly good breakfast included. Great location in downtown. The modest workout room had decent cardio equipment, and the pool came in handy... Tip: You'll need to head to breakfast fairly early if you want to avoid the rush. Just be warned: there's no bar.
This place is already awesome and its reviews show it. So here are a series of taglines that I feel would fit their marketing campaigns. Unpretentious and so much better than Amir. That's it that's all.I don't eat Lebanese food often, but when I do, it's Boustans!The decor is atrocious, but the food isn't. It is a pity that your pita is not--from BOUSTANS!
Gross.But thats what you do when nothing else is open at 2 am...I am happy I didn't get sick the next day
An Italian dive on Stanley St. In Montreal. Will let you know how that goes. The pizza is cooked in a "wood oven" and just arrived and looks pretty damn fine. The pizza was good but not great. Returned a week later to have Veal Limonene, but that was disappointing.
Great food, wonderful experience.  Meatballs are my favorite.  You'll spend the night pointing out the stars on the wall full of pictures with celebs
I don't know if words can really explain my love for this place. Rock solid food. It's just a place that makes you feel like you're home.  The poutine looked amazing, but I didn't indulge this time.  Just a nice Montreal smoked meat sandwich, kreplach and matzo ball soup, and a molson export.  Merci beaucoup Dunn's.  Delicieux!
Great service always good people thanks AmitGood food and always a variety. Lots of place to sit and even an outside terrace in the summer!
High prices for bad food! Next time i will open a can of chef boyardee. Bowl of spagetti is $17 ???!!! Outdated decor and depessing
Nice little gem in the busy Rue Sainte-Catherine of Montreal. Excellent mint tea. Free wifi. Friendly service. Great breakfast spot, but also much more: a good cafe that is fast and cheap yet still of quite good quality. They actually have a reasonably large menu consisting of soups, sandwiches, salads, breakfast-fare, small eats, hot drinks, croissants, desserts, cookies, and so on. Prices are very, very reasonable.I have only had the mint tea and the soup there, but both were excellent. Mint tea actually comes with a lot of large mint leaves, a huge plus in a continent where mint tea usually means something else that does not have real mint leaves inside.  The interior is inviting with wooden tables. It will keep you very warm on a cold Montreal night.  Don't be fooled by the unassuming looks of the exterior. Go inside and discover the delicious interior. Judge La Croissanterie Linda by its merits, not its cover...
Loved it and will definitely come back! We ordered the margherita and added our own toppings. Friendly service and cute place for couples and families. The pizza was great and crispy and fresh. Definitely recommend this place !
I ordered Agneau Confit and Canard with salad and soup. Before tax $30. Need to order at food counter and paid before food delivered.
Just order the souvlaki pitas, u wont be disappointed. Everything else is just ok but the souvlaki pitas are best in town.
Great flatbread menu to go along with awesome brews.  La blanche=A+ outdoor seating during spring/summer...  if you like industrial ambience, give this place a go.
Très bonne surprise. La cuisine est excellente. Je ne connaissait pas la cuisine péruvienne mais ça m'a donné envie de tester d'autres resto du même genre :)
If I had to pick just one place to go grocery shopping, it would definitely be Adonis. I find the fruits and veggies to be fresh and cheap and I can find a greater variety of them than at "regular" stores, grains and beans are way cheaper (think quinoa and wild rice here). Mind you, driving there is a adventure on its own... Seems like people forget all about courtesy and manners when it comes to a parking space. Same goes in the aisles. You'll encounter -plenty- of abandoned carts in the middle of the way while the owner shops the other way, no cares in the world. Arm yourself with patience!Note: Adonis Sauve does NOT accept credit cards. Not sure about the other stores though
Bel endroit sympa, type de petit bistro parisien...belle carte complète pour une restauration rapide... Cadre calme et agréable... Merci
The burger is very good. Right place at the right time. This place has improved quite a bit.
Burger est super, décor est simple mais conviviale. J'aime l'ambience. Biere est delicieuse.
Very good sushi restaurant. Try the matcha cheesecake for dessert, it is delicious. Staff is very friendly.
Very good mexican food. The avocado soup is delicious. You must try that restaurant. Look for it if you're in NDG
dunkin has the best coffee & donuts! The place is the last of its kind in montreal overrun we by Timmies. This is a trip down to something different!
delicious general tao, great service. love ordering and dining in it's a hidden gem. their soups are amazing too
Bonne bouffe mais le prix est beaucoup trop élevé ! J'ai aimé les sous marin mais 20$ pour un sandwich ca fait un peu prétentieux... Dommage !
Nouvelle ouverture ! Tres beau et moderne ! Super vue sur la rue Gauchetière / UniversityLe service est normal, mais il y avait beaucoup de monde donc, c'était assez à la chaîne. Shout Out a la barista géniale qui a décidé d'ajouter de la purée de noisette sur mon latté-noisette. Son idée? : C'est super bon sur un macchiatto , pourquoi pas sur un latté ? Ben oui ! Bien visé !Les toilettes sont propres, il y a assez de place pour s'assoir, quelques prises pour les ordinateurs.
Uniquement pour la beauté des livreurs Le quartier est enchanteur et le Dollarama qui y est adjacent est toujours vivant. C'est un Pizza Hut où il fait bon craquer. Vraiment mieux que celui de Vimont (définitivement).
Fanfuckingtastic service AND food. Mingia bro, this shits awesome too. The place was packed out the ass, so I'm guessing its pretty popz.
Bon restaurant Mexicain famillial. La nourriture est bien et le prix juste bon service.
Good food. No complaints. I don't find it expensive. When I don't feel like cooking and I'm hungry, this is my go to place. Pastries are good. I love their signature pizza.
Magnifique! 2heures de pure émotion! Bon prix! Très bon instructeur! Une place vraiment bonne pour profiter l'été avec la famille et les amis. Je veux répéter l'expérience, bien sur.
Best ribs in Montreal! ;-)The place is not great, but the Ribs there: awesome!
Best sub I've ever had, seriously amazing and I will be returning I'll be dreaming of my next subI've been back and it's just as good as the first AMAZING
Awesome sushi!Fresh, tasty and reasonably priced. Rainbow roll was excellent, avocado roll was wonderful, and the kamikaze was scrumptious.
Je vais chez cosco pour: les nombreux fromages a très bons prixLes pains NaanLe saumon fuméLes lunettes de lecturesVêtements de travail Les dosettes de café KureigLe service est rapide aux caisses Soyez patient. Ne pas aller la avec une migraine et 2 petits monstres qui hurlent.
best price，best food，best place。we like it so much。this is our 2nd time in here。good feeling again
Not bad sushi, quiet and relax atmosphere.The service is good. The place is clean and the menu is reasonable in price.
Great pizzas and calzones. Quick service and good menu. I order... shop at IGA then pick up the finished pizzas and enjoy at home.
Try the entre - Shrimp/Scallops and sweet potato - 'beignets des fruit de met" - its almost a meal in itself.   all the sushi dishes are very well presented.
Great pizza. The best in pierrefonds so far. They're very generous in the toppings and they give really good service.
A complete waste of money! One of the worst pizzas in the West island. If I had any enemies I wouldn't even recommend this place to them.
Resto français. Bon resto considérant le peu de choix dans l'ouest de l'île. J'ai mangé le carré d'agneau, très tendre mais beaucoup de moutarde Dijon et vu que je ne suis pas un fan j'ai demandé au serveur si, la prochaine fois, il se pourrais de la remplacer par une autre sauce et il m'a dit que oui. Ma femme prit la morue d'Islande, délicieux, et sa cousine, de Toronto, prit le homard qui la ravie. Le prix de leurs vins est trop élevé.
Their custom grilled sandwiches and cakes are amazing!! Definitely try the carrot cake. Very warm and inviting atmosphere. Best cafe in St Anne!!
I mostly order out from here - tonight ate in - food quality is excellent - sweet & sour pork - chicken fried rice - all good and nice service.   This is a very busy restaurant on friday, saturday and sunday evenings... call and make reservations.
Excellente cuisine dans un décor retro. Excellent service. Menu méditerranéen varie. Grand choix de desserts. Reconnu pour le brunch du dimanche.
Malheureusement le restaurant a ferme en 2013. Le restaurant-mere sur Mont-Royal est toujours ouvert.
C'est fast food mais c'est bon donc pourquoi pas i aller avec des enfants personnellement j'aime bien les MCFlurry
Food and drink is good. But too expensive. I like the steak here and a pineapple drink! Service is great. I will come back.
Ordered galbi. The quality of meat was so bad can't even chew through it. I would never go back again
Despite the name containing the word Panino, this is a Chinese restaurant that does not sell that type of sandwich. What they do sell is cheap Chinese food at OK prices.  What I don't like is the fact that the food is really greasy and salty here... not my favourite place, but I do drop in when others in the group want to eat here.Standard items include the Shanghai Fried Noodle and the Spicy Eggplant.
dirty food they should close this place down it sucks got food poisoning and almost died do not eat here I repeat do not eat here if you value your life!!!!
Amazing authentic Vietnamese Subs.  A must try.  Amazing value.  Usually go for the #1 bit can't go wrong here
Great little hole in the wall spot for Banh Mi. Good vegetarian banh mi.The owner also can prepare the summer rolls vegetarian. Good deal!  You can't go wrong with a $3 banh mi.
Very very good food,  always! Have been coming here for about 10 years. The price is always right. Simple and delicious. Courteous service, will always go back.
The food is great, but given the price it pretty much had to be.Excellent quality and the wine list is very good.
great service! awesome fresh pizza!! would definitely recommend! lots of seats inside!
This place was shit. Dry meatloaf and glue for gravy and a side of plastic mash. Veggies were bland and the whole dish was a complete mess.
An institution for UW students. Huge, delicious and fresh slices at a reasonable price.
Campus Pizza is lit like the surface pro 3. I walk here all the way from laurier on a regular basis just to have it.
If you like Eggs Benedict then avoid the ones here. I don't know what was in the "Hollandaise" but it was cold. My best guess would be mayonnaise and food colouring. The home fires were good though.Everything else my party had looked good, and there were no complaints. Maybe it's just an issue with the Eggs Benedict, but I won't be giving those a second chance.
Poor customer service. Unhelpful staff. Not ready to help customers find things they are looking for. Seems like they don't care about customers.
This is the place to go if you want to get away. Isolated but with nice trails for walking. A golf course not too far away. The rooms are always beautiful & well kept. I got a room in the cloister wing, not far from the spa. The spa is a bit overpriced than what you would normally find in the city. But at a resort it's standard. Food is always delicious & they have an outdoor pool as well as a nice garden on the property
I've gone here a couple of times with my wife. Friendly service and good food. They have live entertainment from time to time.
Great food, Friendly service, Reasonably priced what more can you as for. The staff is nice, graceful. The lightening and decor is relaxing and the food is Great. I like the drunken noodles and Pad Thai noodles. I have been there 10 times or more. I say it's worth a try.
Delicious spicy fresh food. The staff is always friendly. I visited during happy hour and had the chicken satay and golden shrimp both items are so good. We ordered the green and red curry for dinner which is so flavorful.
Happy hours every days at 5:30.  Free barThe facilities are dated and for such a big hotel, the check-in/out lobby is tiny
Great professional staffing.  I've been going to sportclips for 5 years now and they are hands down the best hair professionals around.
Splendide! Tout simplement !! Les lumières , l'histoire et les décorations nous en ont mis plein la vue
Excuse me while you try to find your seats... I'll just be here in the company loge! Okay, so I had it pretty good, being waited on by a young hostess, treated to glasses of wine and super comfortable seating in our own private box. Who could complain?I had not been to the Bell Center. Ever. Not once. Not only are there no shows I was interested in seeing, I find the ticket prices to be outrageous. So, imagine my surprise and delight when I get invited to come to the Cirque de Soliel Varekai gratis! First. Let me start with access. It is great. Don't bring your car downtown, just take the metro. Attached to the Bonaventure metro station, access to the Bell Center is fast and easy. I love that. Mind you, the loges entrance will take you outside as there is no direct access from the metro to that section of the arena, probably because private parking is included for most of the loges, so... no need to slum it with the STM.The rest of my experience is with the loges and privileged access, so it might be irrelevant unless you are lucky enough to have a friend with connections. Or maybe you win some. Who knows.Once you head off the stairs and into the loges entrance, it ends up feeling very much like a big convention area. A swanky convention centre, but with the same aesthetics. Leather seating, employees dressed like flight attendants. A bank of manned elevators takes you to your floor and you walk down the corridors like so many hotels looking for the right box number.When we arrive, we are greeted by a sweet hostess. My friend knows her, as she's served this box many times before, and greets her, the kids and I by name. AAAHH! She takes our coats and immediately warms us up with a glass of red wine. Oh, yes, I could get used to this!The room is small, with a little kitchenette and a washroom just past it. There is leather seating, a bar overlooking the stage and then several traditional arena seats that jut out towards the stage. At this height, we can see the full stage, we can see the track lighting and most of the "above the scene" action. Kind of cool, for me at least, since I had seen Varekai before. The show was great, not as great as I remembered it, but still quite good! I was afraid that being so far up, we wouldn't be able to see everything, but in fact, seeing the show was not an issue at all. And that fact that we had kids with us, and that I had 3 glasses of wine, the bathroom, that came in very handy! Very handy indeed!So, I don't imagine wanting to see many shows at the Bell Center, but if I ever did again, I would not hesitate to head to my friends loge for the treat. Would I get into, what I can only imagine is a cramped seat? Nope.
The best karaoke spot in Vegas! Sake sou is the bomb. No other karaoke place beats this spot! Perfect service and food and drinks.
Having a great time. Good experience will return. Felt Very comfortable  good prices  the guys up front are cool and making us feel at home. Come and enjoy time with friend.
Cheers! Awesome place! Anytime I am in Vegas... This is the place to be. Antonio is awesome!
Woooooooooohhhhhhhhh ! Awesome for groups ! The hot & spicy wings were so delicious ! My new favorite place
Awesome karaoke place! Great music selection! We love coming out here to sing our butts off! Lots of fun, highly recommended!
I love this place!!!!best karaoke in Vegas!!!glad we found this place!! Must come here every time I make a visit in Vegas!
Best karoake bar ever, great food and good service, close in Chinatown. Great rates so it's not so bad.
Best place ever!!!! Come to Q karaoke!!!!  This place is bombbbbbbbbbb. I came to q bistro first and run into next door karaoke. I had to put myself in wait list and get in. I wish i should have known earlier.
This is the best karaoke in town.Great system and excellent service.You can have a lot of fun in reasonable  price.Good place for even family fun
Great foodGreat service Best place to hang out with great companyLocated across of white rabbit My favorite go to spot for karaoke The lights make for a nice ambianceSpacious
I love this place great music Great place to chill and karaoke staff is polite and drinks are good two thumbs up! They have a great selection in music
We be jammin on da one. Love it here!!! It is so much fun! We will come back here. There is so much music to choose from we were here for hours! Good food too! And drinks are great!
Awesome atmosphere, good dj! Super clean! Got vip room for birthday, fun timesStaff was very friendly, polite, and the rooms were big, we had a group of 13
Amazing place to sing and drink! Lots of fun. Went here for a surprise party. Good food and clean place.
Great place to host a party. The servers are amazing and the food is incredible! We've had two company meetings at this location and both went extremely well. All of the employees had tons of fun and it wasn't incredibly expensive. Would recommend to anyone!
Friendly service! A fun time for everyone lots of selection. Very clean place. A selection for all genres, quality snacks per room with great prices
We had so much fun for my birthday party there! The rooms are great. The song selezction is awesome.  Jacob is the best!
Karaoke q has the friendliest staff and always is a fun time! Place is clean and their equipment is easy to use, very high quality
They just remodeled! Room looks so much more neat. Fast update too. One of the karaoke options you have in vegas
Best karaoke spot in town! Viva Q karaoke!!! Service is great and the rooms are great. Next time you have the desire to sing stop by.
Best place ever. A lot of fun and great service. The people here are very friendly and out going. I recommend coming here for a fun time with your friends and family.
Saturday 17 bucks! And free hot sake with review? Done! This place rocks The staff was helpful they showed how to use the karaoke machine and the place is clean too.Pretty cheap and close to the strip too
Comfy private rooms, friendly staff and good drink deals. Also they have songs in many languages, including Russian. Come drink soju
Great place to take out out of town friends! Even on a Saturday night as busy as they were they were able to get us a room quickly. We'll be back!
Best late night spot on spring mountain!!! Enjoy the ramen along with your karaoke session!
This is my favorite place to get drunk and jam out to Disney tunes in Vegas!And there's kimchi fried rice! Am I in k town or Vegas? Amazing!
This place is so cool, best atmosphere and perfect song selection. Came after work and loved the drink special and the hours are great
Best Karaoke around! I drive out here from AZ to go with my friends all the time. Definitely recommend trying this place out.
Awesome place! Private room and great service!! Great song selections and awesome time!
Great service!! Good selection and nice people! Would come back again next time in Vegas
Good place. Good hospitality and good price. People are friendly. The place is clean and the food is amazing. Ian helped us and he was very friendly and explained everything to us
Best karaoke in town!Having so much fun with friends. Good food. Great rooms. Awesome service.
Ian is so awesome! Come thru! Lawaoke Q is so cool with their varieties and friendly personell and cute environment!! :)
1st time visit..ambience was perfect.. great day to end our weekend getaway. Julie was welcoming and made us feel comfortable. Definitely recommending to visit.
Best karaoke place ever!! Jacob is amazing and made our experience great! The atmosphere is awesome and there's a lot of song choices!
This place is great!! amazingly fun, will be back all the time, great entertainment, great management and great people, love coming here
We love Ian! He is very sweetXo Ian has very big soju. My cousin Kelli has the best birthday she ever had. We are from Italy but tonight we are from Korea!
Best place to come and drink and chill and sing my lungs out too. They have good up to date songs. They have really good customer service
This is the best place to have so much fun and the greatest deal for drinks! Always a great place with friends!!
Great environment; love the wall decor!!  The room are nice and spacious!!! Great place!!
Great location, great rooms, great drink specials. Boom. I'm not much of a singer, but I had an amazing time watching everyone else sing. Can't wait to come back!
Been coming here for years! Love the service and always have the best times! If you come with friends they give appetizers.
This place is awesome! The whole atmosphere is very nice and has a very modern feel to the place. Highly recommend.
Visit the Chinese Garden the architecture was pretty amazing :-) I would suggest visiting during the warmer months since more exhibitions are open. It looks like they take advantage of the colder months to renovate and fix things up.
It's kinda pricey but always clean. Employees seem to be friendly enough. They offer good selection of better ingredients. Kinda wish they would bring back the cheap deli chicken specials!
Try to catch Emily's class -you will not be disappointed. She's amazing.  Gorgeous downtown studio.  Free Garage parking. Friendly staff. Great monthly deals...Update to original post just to say that Hamid and Kate are additional instructors that I would highly recommend! Namaste:)
The food is pretty decent, and so is the service. Very small portions. The items were a bit off key, some were not balanced with flavors (either too bland, or too overpowering). I'd have to think before I go here again, though the ambience and decor are nice.
Horribly mediocre... And overpriced. Avoid if you can. Service is okay, but the drinks follow the gouge-the-customer standard of "first one strong; all others watered down". You are paying for their high rent at the epicenter - why? People in Charlotte do not know good food, because they don't have anywhere to eat it. Read the glowing reviews of Blackfinn, then come here and overpay (with all the out-of-town bank employees/clients) like everyone else. Then go home and try an figure out what you paid for.
I loved it, food was great and service was awesome! They were like literally like at attention the whole time and my glass of lemonade was never empty.
If it's your first time here the one I always recommend is Blue Flame! Try it it's amazing. ive had a few different ones aswell libke pollo loco, vegas, asparigus, avocado, crunch, and I believe Tropicana. they are all good! ive been here a few times already and everytime I try something new!
Tastiest and most affordable sushi in town.Want a meal you will never forget?Start with a Dynamite cucmber salad (half size)Order the following: Butter Me Up Roll, Marc Roll, Baked Scallop Roll, and any roll topped with eel. Ask for a side of eel sauce to add character to any dish.Ask about their happy hour sushi menu.Why not 5 stars? The food is delicious, sometimes they could use some help keeping up with all the satisfied customers.
Pump #6 card reader doesnt work!!And so when I told the guy inside that, he said, "oh yeah, I know.. happens all the time".  ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!???  Then why don't you get it fixed????
Lookin at open box deals. Ok this is the first time ever someone asked if we need any help. Actually 2 nice employees did. Hopefully this service continues because I don't know where the heck things are.
Confirmo, sigue siendo tan bueno como siempre!! Salud. Bebidas, vinos y los camarones al coco, uy, de chuparse los dedos. No recordaba las carnes, pero son deliciosas. Ya no le pude llegar a los postres, lo siento.
Customer service was fantastic. Hostess was polite and entertaining. Waitress was on top of things and friendly. Usually love outback. But, Got food poisoning. Don't eat the prime ribeye.
Always great food, great prices, and quick and friendly service.I usually get the original with a salad and I've never left hungry.Don't forget to check-in for a free drink.Thanks,E
Gluttony at its finest. You will feel like one of those poor ducks being stuffed with food, who knows you may be on the menu next (jk). Everything there is great. This is one of Montreal's finest dining establishments.
Made reservations weeks in advance and it is worth It. A foodie must.  The service was excellent and the wine list is great.
Perfect restaurant for crazy food, and unique type of food  good vibe of Poaple my favourite plate is duck in the can
Summoned for jury duty. Fuck this shit. So fucking boring. Wasted my whole day here stayed longer than 5pm. Paper said it wouldn't last after 5pm.
They have three different punch cards. Breakfast, lunch, and a coffee one.So one day, me and my friend was wondering where would be a good place to get some breakfast/lunch ( think of it as breakfast at 11:45a hehe) and I wanted a smoothie. As we were walking towards the smoothie shop, I noticed Bruegger's next door and honestly that looked a lot more appetizing at the time, said "what the heck...lets check it out" When I entered, there was no one in there, and immediately I thought to myself...hmmm? no one here? is it even worth trying?. It looked like another Einstein Bros.Bagel shop... I was about to walk out when i saw the Panini Menu. I did a total beeline to the counter and ordered the Primo Pesto Chicken Panini. It had Red peppers, provolone cheese, chicken breast and basil pesto. :) I was surprisingly good. When i got home, i went online and looked them up. Brueggers specializes in Healthy Choices and their Bagels (which are natural and preservative-free) are Kettle Boiled then baked. They even have Lunch and Breakfast choices that are under 500 Cal. You can go online to their website and pull up their Menu page, click an item and get the nutritional facts on each one :) I will be back!
Wed: 1/2 price Margaritas.  Thur: 1/2 price bottles of wine.  Sun: $2 domestics.I came here because there was a groupon and it was close to my house.  When walking in there was not a whole lot of seating.  The only place they offered to us was two seat high top next to the stairs.  There was some seating upstairs but it was definately out of the way.  My fiance and I chose to sit at the bar which was comfortable.  However there was no bartender.  The woman that was our waitress did not pay us a lick of attention even when near.  She served me the wrong beer and did not give it a lime.  I had to ask other servers for things a few times.  I was going to ask her for some hot sauce but I felt lucky I got another beer.  Enough about the service lets get to the food. The chips were fresh and the salsa was chunky.  I got a flank steak which was their "house specialty".  The steak was good it was marinated in some tropical fruit and came out quite nice.  The beans were average and the rice was a little dry.  My fiance got a chili rellano.  That was good too.  None of the food was outstanding but I left satisfied with what I ate.The food is about a three and the service was a zero.  I hope we just got a bad server on a busy night.  If there is another groupon I may go back to check out the half price margaritas.  Other than that I have no intention on going back.
Best Mediterranean Grill ever.....I would recommend this. Everything is made fresh to order which is great.
Excellent mediterranean food. Definitely the best in henderson. Their hummus is one of the best, if not the best I have tried so far in henderson.
Cheers to this location!!! Excellent service and great portions!
True to its name - honest and excellent service!We weren't sure what the problem was- but these guys walked us through it- and we never felt like they we're trying to sell us, just there to help us- and we could fix whatever we wanted to.Definitely recommend them!
Too expensive That's all i have to sayIf you want to waste your money, come hereSome people say the sushis are good, not more that a buffet style sushi.Think twice before coming hereService is good but you have to expect it with the pricey meal they haveAnd it took them over 1 hour to bring 11 sushis
The full buffet is absolutely wonderful, the service is nothing short of perfect and the atmosphere is relaxed and peaceful. The smoked salmon is beautiful, the omelet bar is nothing short of impressive, they served the perfectly portion-sized egg white burritos served with red pepper cream cheese and pomegranate pico de gallo, roasted vegetables (brussel sprouts, asparagus, golden beets, eggplant and more), charcuterie, rosemary potatoes, french toast with amazing maple syrup, surprisingly good scrambled eggs & the most amazing parfait served in a martini glass that had the creamiest and most flavorful yogurt I did not anticipate loving as much as I did.All in all, I would highly recommend for breakfast of you are staying at the Phoenician.
Friendly staff. Good food & nice atmosphere.  Love the patio. Staff has never had a problem keeping up with orders.
Looks like a cool place (a lot bigger than it looks on the outside) with a pretty big menu.  Food was pretty average and coffee was as well.Service was really friendly though.
I had the scrambled egg breakfast it was great. Then I bought one of their muffins to take with me for a mid morning snack. My sister had the oatmeal and it is completely gone
Amazing ribs and brisket. Nice staff. Full bar.Kid friendly place that has a large dining room and some claw machines to distract children at a price.
Great store variety could be better but so far the best mall in the area, The stores are pretty spread out and there is an area where you have some "questionable stores( not big name)" Outside of Belk the customer service in the mall is sub par and The enviorment isnt to inviting, they should really invest in some mall music or something.
Hard to find parking but mall has everything I need. Like a,  Hollister safora Mary's and etc. Besides convenient location is a big plus
Great food and atmosphere. Some of the best pizza in town! I recommend Rosati's to my friends all the time.
Great food great service. There is also a  bar (connected but also has  its own entrance) with friendly bartenders. Pizza comes thin crust or deep dish. Variety of pasta choices as well.
Great lunch, every timeGreen curry is very good.  5-star spicing will give you a nice, flavorful, burn.
Pad Kee Mow. Delicious! Great place for lunch! Had to give it 3 stars due to the sanitation score of 81. Yikes!!!
My first check in getting ready for my first review tonight!   : )My very first check in and my very first review! I have been to Cafe Monte many times, but never reviewed because I did not use Yelp. However, since I use Yelp often to find reviews, and I am moving to NYC in 3 weeks and will be using Yelp A LOT, I thought it only fair to start contributing. So I headed to Cafe Monte with my main man, Dudley.I sat outside at the little 2 person tables on the side of the building. It was very hot outside, but I am a summer fanatic. My server was very sweet and was a great balance between taking care of my needs and letting me do some work on my laptop and relax with my dog (free WiFi yay!). I got there right at 3:30 and they had switched over to the dinner menu, but they still let me use my lunchtime groupon anyway. No guilt trip whatsoever about it! I ordered the Chicken Mushroom crepes and a side of the Gruyere scalloped potatoes. I have included pictures.The crepes were so, so, so good. Most enjoyable was the yummy cream sauce as well as the TONS of mushrooms. I will be ordering a lot of mushroom dishes as they are my favorite food in the entire world. The chicken seemed as if it were pulled from the bone- very tender and flavorful. There were about 3 or 4 well stuffed crepes with chicken, 3 different kinds of mushrooms (that I could tell), and that delicious sauce.The potatoes were not as amazing as I had hoped. They were very thick slices of russet type potatoes with a ton of butter and Gruyere cheese only on top. It would have been great if they had more cheese through the dish. They were ok, but I only ate a couple of bites.They were so canine friendly! My waitress offered and promptly brought out a bowl of water for Dudley, which after he was done drinking, became his plate. Duds loved the crepes and potatoes, and for a dog he is somewhat picky, so that says something!I love this place. So much good stuff, and on my next trip back, I will make it much earlier so I can do breakfast!
Love this place so much! Ask for Chef Aaron he is the best and definitely entertaining. Great ambiance and good for groups or even just a night out. They always give exceptional service
Great office and awesome staff!!! Everyone is very helpful and the dentist took her time with me
The best time of my life here this weekend! Everyone in our group loved the nightclub! We plan on making this place one of our regular spots in Vegas!
Homophobic and sexist. Don't come here. You will be treated as a minority and second class citizen if you are gay.
Great ambiance, decor, service and food. The Oreo dessert is to die for! Ryan was super helpful and made us feel like VIP. Definitely worth making it on your to do list for when visiting Vegas
Delicious Lobster Louie Salad. Dinner comes with delicious garlic bread. Waiters and Waitresses are friendly and have great customer service. Elegant place to have a nice Italian dinner. Kumil Kandahari
Very disappointed in Lavo Las Vegas. I had eaten at the one in NYC and it was good. But this one in Vegas was a terrible experience. I had taken 8 clients there for dinner and no one liked their food. The meatball app was the only thing decent to eat. I ordered their chicken dish and it was so dry I had to chase it down with water to even swallow it. My wife ordered the Pena Ala Vodka and it was dry wife no sauce. Like it had been under a heat lamp for hours. Bottom line: Over rated. Dry food. Simply blows!
One of the best Italian food I have had in Vegas. The ambience is also very nice. The meatballs are my favorite. They also have fresh and fulfilling pasta dishes.
Wow the food was feat and the deserts were yummy.....Had the best chicken parmigiano ever.
Beautifull venue but Quality of food and service to be reconsidered....  We were expecting higher quality of food in this restaurant....The tuna tartar was really ade and no taste... The server was pouring wine to the top of the glass with splilling on the table... Overall experience was not great.
Smoked salmon sandwich at Dillion's is killer...Dillon's features 3 home made bbq sauces.... but the 'Sweet Heat' is my favorite !
Worst service I think I've ever had. My wife and I went in to grab a quick bite to eat. We were only allowed to sit at the bar (hint hint) and there were  crumbs everywhere in our area. We literally offered to wipe the area with a rag that the bartender had. She ended up getting embarrassed by the mess and wiped it off for us. But she half did it so there was now just wet crumbs everywhere lol. She must've been shocked  when we said that we wanted water to drink bc she didn't offer us anything else for the next 10 mins. She just talked to the regulars until we walked out.
Over priced, soggy, nasty sandwich. Extremely disappointed. I ordered the italian sandwich and the bread was all mushy. Wouldn't go back there.
This place is dive bar in the most perfect form. Cheap, Strong drinks, cool bartenders, happy customers. I seriously love this place. I always have a great time whenever I end up here. Brand new music player (it's way too modern to be called a juke box) and it doubles as a photo booth that will send or upload your photos directly. Great idea!This is my absolute favorite gay bar in town. Everyone is always so friendly. Drinks are strong (No credit card machine, so bring cash) but not expensive.Excellent Staff. Even though Andrew doesn't work here anymore the other bartenders are awesome. Josh barely looks old enough to be in the bar, but he is such a delight. Never without a smile on his face. Gary is the hot, bearded one that makes an excellent drink. I just love this place!
Great place! I keep coming back! Great happy hour and fun people.. Definitely great gay bar.
The bagel was edible, but the service was beyond horrible, the woman behind the counter  wad rude and the cashier was no where in sight
Greasy good though still good for a drunk girl.  $9 for a quesadilla is to much!Also, their drive thru sucks!  It is faster to go inside then thru the drive thru where a 16 yr old working & not know what to do.
Delicious food, love the $6 tasty cocktails! Always a fun place to take visitors and friends.
Great food (unique burgers, good veggie dishes, great salads), great local beers, pretty good deserts too
Only here because of free voucher comps. Note my first choice in Vegas!  Went back 2 weeks later and really had a nice meal.
Best fish tacos ever!!! that it self was worth it!!! I've had many Mexican fish tacos and that was the best!!! Not that expensive too unlike a lot of others buffets on the strip or casinos. The aquarium and bassproshop are beautiful as well!
Decent Buffett. Nothing spectacular. Very clean and well stocked fresh food. Reasonable for the price.
Much better than last year!  They must have a decent saucier now. The Alfredo was right on.  [Oh my!  I just realized that their sauces must now just come out of a can.  I wish they'd tell us if they are freshly made.)
Love this place! Best sushi and habachi in town. I come here when I'm on this side of town. The food comes quickly and the prices are great.
Sad to report, this great store has closed. Yelp should remove this from the site. Faye Wilson has retired after 25 years in business. We will miss this top-notch ladies consignment boutique. Stay tuned, I hear a restaurant may be going into that location in Park Road Shopping Center.
This place has so much of everything, awesome prices, decent cigar selection too! The selection of micro brews is awesome, lots beers you never even heard of. I'm not a big wine o but prices are great selection is awesome
Place is ok! Better now that they fired babe beckner! Dirty little pecker that he was! Place still seems like a hang out for the homeless
Best tour in Las Vegas hands down. Don't pass this one up! Guide's are the best. Red Rock couldn't be more gorgeous. We recommend scoot city tours to everyone visiting Las Vegas.
Horrible service,very slow and not fresh food,go to Brossard one,way much better! We went there for the lunch,the wait stuff constantly miss our orders and impolite, never return
Gouda Mac and Cheese with chili. Delicious but ruined my diet for the day!! It's always nice to chat with the regulars as well.
They got my order completely wrong. The food wasn't anything special. At the price you might be better off going to one of the larger chains.
This is one of my wife and I's favorite spots for date night. The prime rib is excellent.
Une agreable decouverte.L'endroit est sympathique parfait pour le dejeuner ou une collation. Pero donde esta la playa? LOL
very nice food. ten bucks to hv seafood soup and sandwich. Yummy and happy. A nice place to hv dinner by myself.
There Ribeye steaks are the best around always fresh always perfect. Go late at night and there is no wait
Great Service and great food every visit!!!!! Food is always cooked to order and always very tasty! Would highly recommend this place. Note to self always call ahead to see how long the wait is, then they can hold a place in line for you.
Flavors are unique and wonderful. The Cochinita Pibil is a must!  Their dishes take classic Latin dishest, but give a whole new twist (like pickled onions). Prices and choices are not very kid friendly. But if you are looking for a new twist on "mexican" I highly recommend you give this place a try.
Awesome! A real find... As strange as it may sound, Trattoria Reggiano is a Japanese/Italian restaurant. Yes, a combination.... like Spring Rolls with mozzarella cheese. Take a cab, rent a car, it's well worth it... Terrific service too!!
Dad says best clam sauce pasta outside of Venice!Cute restaurant inside the Venetian. I've been to Venice so I can vouch for how much like Venice they tried to imitate!My parents and I got the Warm Spinach salad, lobster ravioli, and linguine with clams in white sauce.Warm Spinach Salad: huge portion. Meant to be a shared appetizer or a main dish. Not a side salad. All the ingredients were fresh The tomatoes, nuts, bacon, onion, cheese... EVERYTHING WENT SO WELL TOGETHER.Lobster ravioli: good portion of lobster in the ravioli. Did not taste seafood-y at all which was pleasant.Linguine with clams in white sauce. My dad said it tasted like the ones we had in Italy... and that must be a good thing!A little slow.. but still friendly service!
Best Italian food west of the Atlantic.  I go every time I'm in Vegas.  The tortellini Alfredo is one of the best dishes I've ever eaten.  The staff & atmosphere are great too.  No trip to Las Vegas is complete without dinner at Trattoria Reggiano
Good food. Absolutely amazing sangria. The restaurant is located right next to the Gondola ride at the Venetian and the ambience is very good.
The food was excellent. I ordered the shrimp scampi and the sauce was to die for. The server was nice and attentive.
I hate you, I hate you, I hate you!!!  If it wasn't for company booked travel I would never "fly the friendly skies" with you.  Your on time departure sucks, your planes are out of date, and your customer service is anything but!!
Don't come here on UW graduation weekend unless you're part of a big party. They're too understaffed to pay attention to the little tables.  They were out of the first thing I ordered (Veal Manicotti), so I ended up with Veal Parmesan.  Overall, the food was pretty standard for an Italian restaurant.  They have a children s menu, and my 8 yr old was happy with the Fettuccine Alfredo. It did strike me a bit odd that they had a children's menu, but didn't have apple juice. With better service, I would have probably rated 3 stars.
The worst.....you think things will change.... But its just bad!  They always blame it on a new cook. If things were managed right with proper tools maybe cooks would stay so you could improve.
Great appies and bar specials!  The Disco Fries are insanely good...almost a gourmet poutine (for my fello Canadian peeps!) and the mussels were great too. Cool patio vibe. Great date night spot.
The GREAT thing about my visit was my server. She was very helpful and cool. The burger was good! Hanna! Was super cool with questions I had. And that's cool
My first time going and the service and the wings were good! We'll be back again! Will tell my friends about it!
Decent price and its a buffet!This is only my second different Indian restaurant I have been to. As far as selection of food and by price this is now my favorite. I am still discovering Indian cuisine and so far I really like it. Now for those of you that are familiar with Indian cuisine I will say that this is a buffet, so if you like spicy this is not the place for you. However if you want a nice lunch with a good selection at a good price then this place is wonderful. The lunch buffet Monday - Friday is only $8.95! I recommend here if your a beginner with Indian cuisine, for the price and selection of the buffet, and if your an expert on Indian cuisine and you you don't mind the mildness of the buffet.
Excellent food especially the garlic name bread. Good service, we ordered the bharta bruchetta appetizer which was good and they didn't bring out our entrées until we had finished the appetizer. I can't remember the entrées we ordered, nor could I spell them if I remembered, but they were both delicious and just the right spiciness level for what we thought we were ordering. I will be coming back for another dinner.
Amazing lunch buffet and wonderful staff! I didn't have a thing I didn't like.  Not anywhere near our house but we'll be back!
Jalapeño Cheddar wings and beers! Can't ask for a better place!Good staff, awesome service, and greasy view of the TVs.
Words do no justice to how good the food is, U have to try it to understand. Wow!!  I tried the signature dish which is the pork belly and it was simply amazing.
I always get good service and great coffee! The staff is kind and knowledgeable and almost always remembers my unique drink. The food is delicious, though a bit pricey.
Great coffee & decent snacks/food. I really like that they have the Belly rewards! It's a great place to study and grab a drink if you come by in the evening.
My favourite spot is still great after all these years. Coffee is so fresh it hurts! Be forewarned that it gets crowded around 11 and stays that way all day. If you don't mind squeezing in between the other patrons, this is the best cafe in town and attracts a very interesting crowd too.
This location is very slow and they don't greet you when you come in. They just stare at you. (It's super awkward) The smoothies are pretty alright. Not bad, but not anything super exciting.
This place is so good! And that's saying somthing being from the east coast :) they are always on time and it's hot
Going to the dentist is NEVER fun, but Dr jafarifar is gentle and very nice. The front desk and assistants are very friendly as well.
Prince and I love this groomer service. The groomers are very caring. Plus their hours work well for me and it is close to home
$2 slices, local ingredients, and absolutely in the hood...it's pretty fabulous.  II will admit, I've always wondered what food came out of this very modest building in Garfield.  The only thing I'm wondering now is why I waited so long to try it?!  After reading the menu I decided since it was my first trip I'd go the route of pizza per recommendation of Pittsburgh magazine. I was not disappointed!   It's simple, the crust is excellent, they don't skimp on toppings (even though I just went with basic mushrooms this time...I will absolutely be more adventurous in the future!) and the service was friendly and polite.   I did spy some type of sub being cooked in the oven alongside my pizza...and there was a hefty portion of meat on that bun!  I can't wait to go back...great local spot!
The Vegan Buffalo wings are the bomb!!  Best in Pittsburgh! And they have the vegan ranch dressing! YAY!  The vegan toppings for the pizza are great!  We enjoyed two large vegan pizzas.  They were perfect!
Worth the trip give it a try and it will amaze your tired old tastebuds. Lunch special is a great deal too!!
One of my favorite places to shop for clothes and for neat things for the home. A great place to get workout clothes and golf shirts. Also a great place to pick up cute things for puppies.
Really nice food and great server. Be back again for sure. Portions are plentiful, pleasant surroundings
Please send me the proper link to guest service so I can tell you more about my bad experience thank you
Good food  always hot and best of all $5.50 lunch special.Owner is great he gave soda for free
Most amazing food I've had. I literally inhale the buffarella! Loving hot wings, I get the Carolina fireball sauce which is the perfect blend of sweet and spicy and still has the sting you need from a hot wing.
Side order of fries overpriced but it's ok,  parking isn't the best but the atmosphere is nice for a wing joint
We love this place!! Food is awesome, service is great!They have a nice outside patio. My favorite is the pollo con queso . The Salsa is amazing too.
Food was very good but service not so much. It was very busy, and after they brought us the wrong check twice, the 3rd time it was right and the waiter told us 3 people called out sick. We will try again but hopefully next time will get better service  30 minutes to pay your bill is not good
Excellent food. Very pleasant staff. Sauces are excellent. Always busy. Love the food.
Crazy amount of beautiful produce! Just crazy!And herbs, and eats, and music and just pure bliss! Can't say much about the quality of the fruits and veg because I only sampled small pieces and didn't purchase, but I can tell ya if you like to cook, or if you like to simply walk aisles of amazing, this is how you should start the weekend. Grab some Mexican for the nearby spot which on one hand completely contrasts the lovely market, yet compliments it beautifully.
Beautiful market with amazing fresh fruits to sample and great eateries! I love how almost everyone is bilingual. The fruit samples are changed out frequently so you can bet the fruit is fresh.
Stopped in for breakfast while I was waiting for a windshield installation down the street at Safelight (after a recommendation from Rick at SL).We had:Country Fried Chicken Bowl: I got the gravy on the side. The bowl was built simply with hash browns, eggs, and a fried chicken patty. The chicken was definitely more succulent than it appeared and overall, I was very satisfied with my meal.Farmer Bowl (I think that's what it's called): this comes with peppers, zucchini, ham, sausage, bacon, hash brown potatoes, eggs and cheese. I didn't try this dish, but it looked good. If only it came with toast, or we had thought to order an extra side of toast.. Hmm..Hot Chocolate: ordinary, but what's wrong with ordinary? I enjoyed it.For around $18 (before the discount), we had 2 complete breakfasts. I'd say it's a pretty good deal if you're in a pinch and don't have time for a full service breakfast place. We both decided that we'd prefer the Cracked Egg, but this place is right around the corner, service is quick, and the price is right. I'm definitely planning on coming back to try the burgers, but kind of expect them to be a disappointment.. but until then- I was very happy with breakfast and would go back in a heartbeat.20% off $10+ when you redeem your check in offer!
Long long long wait in drive thru.  For hard freaking chicken strips.  Overpriced.  Overrated.  Food was either overcooked or under a heat lamp all day.   A waste of a good location they could put a better fast food joint.
Place is great, portion sizes are huge! Me and my girlfriend get the two burritos plate and split it. The fresh guacamole is good too. Service is always fast and friendly, even on a busy night. We come here pretty often!
Food is fresh and good!  If you like asian buffets, this is one of the better ones.  Lunch is always full, but they move people in and out fairly quickly.
Service horrible. Attante interminable. Bouffe pas mangeable... etc... genre 45 mins pour avoir notre vin + 30 minutes de plus pour notre poutine sur l'heure du diner quand il n'y avais que 3 autres clients. Le serveure allais cruizer la barmaid deriere le bar et ne fesais pas attention a la salle a manger quand on lui fessais signe.
I am new to the area and this was the first place I went for a drink. Amazing! totally chill and the drinks are awesome for the price. The bartenders actually get to know you
Rooftop pool parties in the summer are a go. Sand, cabanas, if you don't know anybody or have a room good luck getting up there lol
Great food, ambience, and service for a surprising price.  My husband and I dined at The District and both loved the American comfort food with a twist.  They grow their own herbs, use organic foods from local and regional farmers.  What a wonderful find.  Stop in for lunch for entrees for only 9.00.  Phoenix's best kept secret.
Just finishing up my duck dinner here! Excellent! Best duck I've had in years! The blend of spices and seasoning was mouth watering and delicious! I topped it off with the gooey chocolate butter cake...perfect!
Great atmosphere, service and great food.  Highly recommend.  Our server brought us this freshly made delicious cotton candy for desert.
Bam!!! 9 dollar steak or salmon for lunch!! Amazing lunch love this place.M-F best place for downtown lunch this place is legit.
The staff is not friendly at all. When u ask them to toast the sub or to add toppings, u can see from there faces that they are burdened. I understand that I go early when they open, but that doesn't give them the right to act like the way they do. The don't really say hi at all, instead I end up saying how Ur doing. If I had a choice to not to go to this branch, I would totally avoide this one.
Watch the Bobcats/Hornets identity crisis unfold.Basketball games are great. If you can find an in to sit on the floor club level you can use the restrooms the players use (guys)... Also free food/drink. Incredible experience.Been to a jubilee of different functions here from games to concerts to life altering events (no joke I graduated high school here) ... Great venue.
Best salon I've ever been to!! You won't be disappointed! Courtenay is incredible. I was new to Arizona last year and I'm grateful that my friend recommended this salon. I am currently living in MA, but I am sure to make an appointment at Salon D'Shayn when I'm visiting Scottsdale!
Love this place!Food,customer service ,specials! Everything is perfect!My favorite dish is defiantly the pastas bolognese
Best Chinese in chandler, potstickers are amazing!  Came in on a Saturday even though yelp says it's closed, glad I did.  We had the fried rice which honestly is better than most places around here.  The happy family and seafood here was delicious.Would definitely return.
Great Mongolian Beef. One of the better Asian restaurants around. Crab puffs also very good. Hard to find good Chinese food, this is one of the better places.
The snapper is scrumptious! The chilled broccoli salad is good. Actually, I love all of their vegetable sides. Every type of fish they offer is always perfectly grilled. My mom loves their piri piri chicken. The sauce is divine, and the portion of chicken is massive, for the price. Give it a try if you like a healthy alternative for lunch or dinner!
The service was great! The food was delish!! We learned of it from Groupon. Everything we had was very good.
Huge bar good selection, decent looking girls. Good crowd.
Outstanding cupcakes and Gelato style ice cream and the service was very good and patience
Love the green chile soupHad the cup and 1/2 sandwich Next time a bowlThat will be plenty for a full meal
The Peruvian salad is a perpetual fave. The sirloin should not be missed.  Service is just average.  They don't bother to pick up your used plates or refill your drinks (this has happened each and every time we've been, 5+ times), but the food is so damn good we keep going back, and taking company too.  If the service was any good this would be 5 stars all the way.
It's a meat frenzy. I think I'm in heaven!  Texas de Brazil does it right and i've never walked away with an empty stomach.  Aside from a well stocked salad bar this place offers a great ambiance and service.  But you don't come here to eat a salad, you come for the meat and they bring plenty of it right to your table.  It's simple and not over seasoned which in my opinion makes it taste so great.  My suggestion, skip the lunch and save room for dinner at Texas de Brazil.  Your stomach will thank you.  It's Legen....wait for it... DARY!
My girlfriend and I had a great time  with great food! We'll be back very soon! Just the host was a real bitch to my lady and I was surprised my lady did not call her out due to rudeness! But, overall love the food.
Awesome food. Great service . Definitely got to go again. There steak is great along with there salad bar.
Some of the best service and steaks that I have ever had.Good job staff! I don't think I ever had service that was as consistently coming to the table with fresh cuts.
excellent customer service. didnt buy anything but the clothes were ok ill come back. check it out. there is many locations around here
Spicy pork served with miso soup and salad I order the same thing every time I come here. Great service & quiet spot. Menu has a vast selection to different dishes and sushi. Great hole in the wall spot......
You must have the lamb,so good! Suggest to reserve a table in advance cause too many people. The boys there are so friendly they can speak both of English and French. The location is very good to have a dinner and see around on the street
I absolutely love this Starbucks location! I come here almost every morning. The drive through can be a little long at times but inside is never a long wait. The workers are so nice and outgoing! Love this place! Easy 5 stars!
Longest wait times!! 15 minutes in the drive thru is not ok!The baristas here seem to be less than thrilled to service their customers. Obviously those who frequent Starbucks will continue to do so, this particular location is just a bad representation.
Great service and food . My husband and I walked up immediately sat us down , loved it .
Wow, that is great panang curry!  Impressively wonderful smell too.  It is criminal that I've not managed to make it back in a while.  It just isn't on my normal route.
Great place to fly into very convenient. I enjoyed how clean and orginized the fecilities were and spacious. Nice bars and restaurants to make time go by fast and have a few cocktails to make the time go by faster!!
Nicest airport I've ever been to. Rocking chairs, trees, a wine bar, so clean. Southern charm.  Their shop selection was abundant.
OUTSTANDING!  I had the shrimp & grits.. Highly recommend! The deviled eggs and guacamole for appetizers, very good.. My lemon drop was obviously made with fresh lemons.. Everything was top notch
Friendly staff, great food, quick service. Perfect lunch spot. I always go with three fish tacos.
Amazing food, great prices and fantastic ambience. We have definitely found our new fav lunch spot!
AMAZING!!! Wonderful adventure and experience, laughed with crew until my face hurt! Great 3 hour tour with 4 zip lines. Both my cousins were equally happy when our adventure was over.
My house looked amazing, i will defenitly be using you in the future... Your team was very professional and on time.... I couldn't get over how nice my house looked.... Thank you for doing such a wonderful job......
Last Cirque show...now all completeThis was my last Cirque show I  needed to see to complete all the shows in Las Vegas. I have to say...wow....not what I hoped for. 50% of the show was mainly the recap of his other shows on the big screen. There was no flow that kept my attended the whole time. I was highly disappointed but good thing for the killer deal of $36 per ticket and it was pretty decent seats.  His magic trick was good but just bites and pieces. Hopefully he will change it up and of course make it flow better.YAWN, IS IT OVER?
Don't go! This show was the worst. I want a refund. Save your money! Criss Angel wasn't even in the first half of the show. It was obvious that all the audience members that he had chosen were all staged. The show was cheesy.
Chris Angels egocentrism makes the show barely tolerable and left feeling that we paid way too much for bad videos and a few tricks.
Heh.  I just saw the "tip" I wrote for this place ("Why are there so many flies here!? Gross.") and felt like I should write a little more. There are a lot of flies around the windows where the two armchairs are located.  Not sure what it is about that particular area, but the rest of the seating areas aren't plagued by flies nearly as much.I don't really have any qualms about the drinks I've had here.  I can't remember having a really bad drink or anything like that.  Even though this Starbucks is pretty convenient to where I live, it's actually one of the last places I ever bother going for coffee.  Mainly because the seating is horrible and in true Starbucks-style the tables are always full of people on laptops, using the wi-fi for hours on end.  Of course, usually there's one or two people spread out over the entire table that seats 8, as well.  It's really obnoxious and I've actually gone in here to get a drink and left without buying anything because there was nowhere to sit.The staff are pretty nice and drinks are consistent.  Really only worth coming here if you want coffee to go or are just going through the drive-thru.  Seating is horrible, parking is annoying, and yeah...there are flies.
Nice breakfasts. Good quality and reasonable prices. Suitable place for whose don't want spend a lot of money.
Eat before you come or bring your food with you. Make sure you bring your ear plugs unless you are sitting in a suite.
Love this place, very good customer service and food was GREAT! We always order Baba ghanoush for appetizer. Its a small family restaurant and connected to a grocery. Owner is very friendly. Their hot tea also is good and a must try.
We love this place! A great little bakery for us to walk to. Fresh food and friendly service.
Very rude office staff. The lady at the reception desk is confrontational & extremely ill mannered. She's looking for an argument. I will never use them or leave my fur babies in their care when they can't even manage to be humane to people. First impressions are lasting.
I love this salon. Pauline is the best:) I have short nails and she always does a great job and never makes me feel bad for not having super long nails. She does really cute designs. All the staff is friendly Nd it's close to home! 5 stars:)
If you like tight slots this place is for you!And this is just to make the review long so it's not a tip baldhjahauansisnsks sknsksnsisnskdnksndjsjsnsksn
Great food, great service, and an amazing Sunday 50% off special on steaks!! I'm truly amazed by the quality of the food here!
Just got my library card today! They have tons of online options for books and rentals... Everyone should have a library card.I rarely go to the library and stay there, but I love their online services.  You can order books or materials that you want and have them sent over to the library so you can just go and pick them up.  Plus you can renew easy or get online readers on an ipad... so easy and convenient!The staff is so friendly and super helpful!  Everything is clean and organized.
Great library! Staff is friendly and helpful and it's nice and quiet! For some reason the internet goes down between 2-3 every once in a while. Overall, great place to study without distractions!
This location is not bad it's pretty consistent on service and food! The orange peel chicken is my favorite the crab puffs are not that great not enough cream cheese
Love! Always go for the gyro, or the Greek salad with gyro meat. Every time my husband and I go, we are pleased with the quality of food and the service. We have been going for years and also think the prices are more than fair. The location is perfect for us but don't forget the deliver now.
Really fucking good wings and onion rings. Seasoned just right..goin again now to grub
First time here, truffle fries are to die for!!! All five of us enjoyed our meals and they have great vegetarian selections!
Nice late night happy hour.I had a Margherita pizza and a beer for $11 during their happy hour.  They have an early one during normal times and another that starts at 10pm, Sunday through Thursday.  The pizza was excellent in both size and flavor.I went back the next night as well and ordered their spicy tuna roll based on a customer recommendation from the previous night.  It too was outstanding.  Served with edamame, cucumber, and seaweed in the bottom layer, seared and raw tuna in the middle layer, and avocado on the top layer.  Sprinkled with some hot sauce, it was filling, light, and nutritious.  The price was around $12 though it is 1/2 price if you get it during happy hour!
The food & beers are great! :-) Great happy hour as well! Awesome place to hangout with friends or habe a romantic dinner.
Great beer and lack of quality food. I ordered a simple cheese burger and the hamburger meat was salty and dry
Best snake bites anywhere! The menu has a jive variety of food as well as various beers to choose from.
Had the seared Mahi sandwich and it was amazing. Great beers and ambiance. Had to come back two days in a row.
Get new cooking staff. My boyfriend and I ordered burgers, they basically took the beef and added a grill mark. My boyfriend is currently in the bathroom with a stomach ache and my stomach is all over the place. Thanks.
They don't have the yummy ice cream anymore :( I have tried this place 3 times. Everything I have tried is sour or salty. The house salad, the chicken salad, the bruchetta...They should take some bruchetta lessons from Postinos. I really want to like this place. The pink peppercorn homemade ice cream was the only thing I loved. Ambiance is lacking and the service is awful. Ehh.
Only open until 3:00 p.m?? Come on guys! I've heard great things about your place, but your hours are hugely inconvenient.  So I've been unable to check you out.
Very fun, very relaxing great for the kids. Brings out their creative side! It's not very expensive, and it's pretty cool because your creating memories. The staff is friendly. I would definitely recommend it for birthday gatherings.
Absolutely love whole foods! Best organic / vegan grocery around. Staff is friendly. Cannot really nitpick the store.
Solid breakfast burritos. Full of flavor, they don't skimp on the meat and potatoes. I also prefer tasting the tortilla and they deliver. My friend enjoyed hers too, but prefers more egg. Great to stop and go grab a quick bite after a hike. No need to feel underdressed...after writing all this a trip to the bathroom changed my feelings about coming here. A backed up, unmaintained rest room *barf* if that's how the public restroom is I can only wonder about the kitchen (where my thoughts go).
The carne asada burrito is DELICIOUS!! Customer service is hit or miss, but everyone has their off days. Great food!
New favorite!  The spicy tuna and jalapeño roll. Spicy and amazing!  The Katana roll was also delicious. It had shrimp tempura with tuna and yellowtail on top.
No selection low quality. Wouldn't returned.  (This was a free meal too). Orange juice horrible I'm wondering where they got it
This is my second time here!  So very nice!  The flowers are SPECTACULAR.  It's an older crowd so I enjoy being the youngest instead of the oldest!
Best authentic Mexican around! And you can't beat the low prices. My go-to for Mexican.
Great authentic Mexican food.  Reasonably priced.  Quick.  Must try.  Would go everyday if i could.  I believe they serve beer as well.  Try the chimichanga
Interesting place atmosphere is good, however, the music is horrible, not too sure why "club music" has to be playing.. They also have 3 TV's playing 3 different show... So what does this place want to be??????? The was just OK too.
Just amazing food and service, what else can you say?. We love this place so much.  I had the salmon which was excellent.
First visit here,  definitely not my last! Delicioso! Enjoyed a salted caramel latte and the sunshine crepe.
This place is so delicious!   So many options and they get it right every time. They also provide pick up which is nice, since some crepe places don't.
Great food! Great staff! Best steakhouse in Charlotte, hands down!I recommend one of the bone in steaks. They're the most flavorful. The spicy lobster appetizer is banging. The lyonnaise potatoes are rockstar. The wine list is awesome as well. Ask for Ricardo!
Very good. Get the ultimate combo excellent to try a bit of everything. Great stuffed salmon, broiled halibit, and my 4 ya old loved the kids shrimp.
Really great fish and chips, great amount of food for good price, fresh as it can be. The mahi-mahi had great tease
We ordered the 2 fish combo and fish burrito. I found the best idem to be their cocktail sauce. Over priced. Small portions.
Great people great food great price! We awarded the crab Louie salad in the broiled tuna plate. Our friends ordered the grilled salmon salad instead it was fantastic plus they have really great gluten-free options.
Excellent customer service excellent good I was so full. I. Can't wait to come back to Mesa for more food you guys made me and my partner feel very welcome and the food was amazing I will be back and I think it's a new place id see myself going to and telling friends about .
Great tacos and salsa. I had pork and carne asada. Latter was the best. Regular salsa was Spivey enough for me. Recommend for authentic Mexican.
What a great place. Relaxed. Great food. I don't have much more to add. But this app wants me to type more.
Great food. Good prices. Excellent service. Best Mexican food in the area. Chips and salsa are delicious. Make sure you try the cheese dip. Shrimp fajitas are my favorite. Plenty of leftovers or to share with someone else.
Just a solid neighborhood pub. Good atmosphere. Good English tap list. Didn't eat anything. Impressive selection of scotch. Was full 2pm on mon.
Slowest line ever! But food raised my rating. Good kid meals.  Good ingredients and portions.  Will be back.
Everything is organic here. They even have their roast their own coffee. Must try their Alien Burrito, it's delish!
Oh Sunrise, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.The iced orange mocha is a cup full of decadence, in the best possible way.The alien burrito is a unique mishmash of deliciousness, readily customized to suit every person's palate. The staff is friendly, patient, and always extremely helpful.There are two coffee shops in Vegas that I find myself driving completely out of my way to visit. Grouchy John's is the other one.Sunrise Coffee - the only way you would be more perfect is if you were on my side of town.
Can never go wrong with any if their cup o' Joe's. Love the Nutella and creme brulee lattes.Their wraps are always a treat and music selection is always nice and mellow vibes. Sometimes it can get crowded, but they recently re-did their patio area and it has more seating and shade.
Forever love this place!!!! The coffee is one of a kind, such a unique flavor. Teas a delicious and refreshing (hot or cold). The food omg is amazing! The alien wrap is so good any time of day! When I eat there I feel very refreshed and clean. Not to mention the staff is just incredible. Such a wonderful group of people!! Atmosphere is so calm and relaxing and friendly. You feel like family here!!
Love coming here. Great coffee. Great staff. Great atmosphere. I love that Sunrise has vegan options. Everything is delicious. They roast their own coffee here. You can smell the coffee from the parking lot......oh it smells so good. Best part is we get to support a small business.
Awesome people and drinks! Highly recommend. Staff gave me a free drink because i had to wait for my item, and it wasnt even a long wait at all! I never knew coffee could be so delicious.
So much deliciousness! Gluten free blueberry muffin is outstanding paired with an iced coffee it's perfection!
Always the nicest staff. Never ordered a bad cup of coffee from here. This served as a great place to work out of when I didn't have an office. It's also the perfect meeting place for friends. I mean, who doesn't love good coffee?Also, you need the alien burrito
Delicious! My husband is EXTREMELY picky and he loved it! The lattes are awesome and the drive thru is a major plus!
I'm feeling it, good stuff in this place. It's got my stamp of approval. It took me a while to try it out because I'm never in this area but the weekend I did try it I liked it so much I drove back and had it a second time the following day.
Love the gyro salad.  Location is clean and cute.  Staff are always friendly. The selection looks amazing, they did a great job with their big picture menu.  Someday I'll try something else, but I keep going back for my favorite salad!
Seriously addicting!!! Their tzatziki sauce is on point!! Even my 2 year old loves it!!! So glad we moved closer to this restaurant!
Best tortatas in the valley ,,,,real mexican cuisine,,everything is freash this place never dissapoints one of my favorite restaurants .
Great place nice food ! Amazing salads and tortas very good fresas con crema. Great drinks amazing service !
I love this place! Food is great and the employees have great customer service!! I recommend they're tortas, tostadas and agua de fruta (fruit water)!
best taco in the west valley! super clean environment however the horchata and juices are hella sweet. But tacos and the avocado slices on top make up for it!
Love this place! Great food and friendly staff. They haven't disappoint me yet, I've had tortas, flautas and burritos and even the tostadas.  The place is always super clean, the only thing is that the portions are a bit too small for the price, but I guess they sell quality not quantity.
Great food, a little slow with a table of six.... All in all large portions and friendly staff... Will definitely eat here Gain
This is my favorite grocery store!!! I eat here daily!!! Starbucks is so easy to get too! I love the salad bar!!! I will come back. This is the best grocery store location for me!!!!
Amazingly fresh and delicious with lots of gluten free options. The natural beef and black rice stir fry was outrageous (not gluten free). My wife had the Panang Curry and based on the rapturous look on her face, she enjoyed hers as well.
Carry out order.  Quick service and polite staff. Ordered salmon; quinoa and arugula & beet salad.  Delicious.
fantastic thai food at a reasonable price. worth a visit! if you like sweet tea, try the Thai ice tea.
Best Sundaes and milk shakes in townits busyon Carson st but you can enjoy the people you see worth the parking hassles
Service was so nice. Love the shakes. Returning customer. I got the red velvet last time and it was so good. I recommend having a salty snack handy because these milkshakes require a sweet tooth!
My kids and I love this place we take a train ride at least once or twice a year. The price is affordable for pretty much ever budget
Great atmosphere. Amazing portions. Delicious. Definitely  a great place to start your morning off right
This what u call breakfast!!!! Family &friendly place awesome.French Toast with a side of bacon eggs, big farmers breakfast just the best.
I want one in Fayetteville. Had the Bangkok curry. Could of been of been spicier but it was delicious!
Great service, drinks and food. Went on a Monday night which meant it was less crowded which was great for a date. Nice relaxing music and dim lighting made for a great time.
Nice place to stop by and grab a cup of coffee.  Usually stop by on Saturdays while running errands.
Best JJs I've ever been to and I've been to A LOT! Freaky fast food, awesome chips (jalapeno and thinking are the best) and super delicious cookies. Get something with bacon or avocado or both :)
If you love Dive Bars then this place may be for you. I personally think that with this kind of location and the open area they have, that they should strive to have much more than a dive location. Cleanliness would be a first step towards that. The Bathroom was disgusting. It was only 7pm on a Thursday with only a handful of people in the bar. I recommend the owner clean the place up just a bit.
Love coming to this place. Food is always great and people are friendly. Ordered 2 minis today and the portions are pretty big size.
Awesome service, sushi and sake bombs! We went there for date night and it was in a great location on the water!
Decent food cheap drinks and a great place to catch a sports game. The servers are friendly and this is located in a great spot with plenty of parking.
Consistent and delicious! Fair prices and fresh. Great service. I order enchiladas every time and have yet to be disappointed. My boyfriend and I are regulars. If you are looking for a quick mexican bite you'll definitely enjoy it.
Love it, love it, just love it, we never leave disappointed, every time they amaze us with a new different pizza
I can only agreewith a previous reviewer. Stay away from the ribs, i gave them a chance because "how bad can they be (when you are european)", well i will not have them again!!! but the steaks and burgers are still worth a visit and i keep going back
Cute and cosey. Friendly staff with great coffee and yummies!  My husband and I stopped in after a busy day of sightseeing and we're glad we did.
Words cannot describe how fantastic this food was! This place lives up to all of it's reviews. Phenomenal vegetarian and vegan food that most meat lovers would love.
Try the Black Isle Organic beer. Dark, smooth and creamy! Just a dream:-)
Really nice setting, beautiful decor, staff were lovely :) Only had drinks with family so I am looking forward to trying out some food in the near future
Lovely afternoon tea!  Gorgeous room, great service and the food was quite good.  I was a little disappointed there was no shortbread served.
You get a free glass of wine with 2 courses! - well yes you do!!Tasty south indian food! My goodness its coconut heaven! Lovely foodNice atmosphere and service was spot on !
Simply amazing Thai food! Best in the UK came here and got the curry number 39 with chicken and LOVED it
Fab choice of fillings for panini's, focaccia's, rolls etc. proper oven baked baked potatoes too.Great, friendly service and although it's busy, the queue moves quickly. Reasonably priced, competes well with other lunch shops in the area.
Without a doubt, my favourite pub in Edinburgh. Great atmosphere and excellent, friendly staff.
Schickes Restaurant und eine wirklich beeindruckende Bar. Wir haben draußen auch sofort einen Platz gefunden. Die Sonne scheint, das Cider schmeckt, alles gut.
Good selection of beers nice atmosphere excellent bar staff very knowledgeable about the beers typical pub fair but nice eats and offers
Hotel & rooms are very nice but it's strange that they're unaware of their own 4SQ deals. They charge £10/hr for late checkout & there's a fee to use wifi as guests of the hotel- basic courtesies. I would've given it a hire rating if it weren't for these things.
Always has people. Good brews down from Royal Mile.Also has a fairly good price on breakfast. We ordered a la carte and the price was great! Set menu...ha, I say!
Good menu choice for a small restaurant. Nice quaint atmosphere and good pasta. Had the daily special of rigatoni, very nice.
Best Turkish food we have ever tasted in the UK. Highly recommended for those who are in search of a warm environment and characteristic traditional food.
This place sucks unfortunately. It's just not good.The servers just seem like they want to shoot you for asking for food, or the check, or ketchup. They charged us for water. We didn't pay for that. It's expensive not much more to it
Fantastic curry and the staff were super friendly!! We were starving in Edinburgh and suddenly Zest caught our sight, so we went in. The staff greeted us with warm welcome and let us sit in the window area, which surprised us, but it was perfect. The curry was absolutely a delicacy.
Just half way thru my delish meal and wine.    Tell you more later!!Later......Divine time here as always. Manager so lovely. Came a chatted with me. There is a true skill, albeit busy, but giving the impression you have all the time in the world for quality conact. Star manager. I've been many times after horses and stay in bar area as I usually have a big bag . I am served by the bartender with the same 5 star manner as table waiters. Lovely. I'll be returning. Hopefully not dressed like a farm hand/ horse groom as today. :)Thankyou Browns. PS. Oh and I loved my crab prawn linguine. I easily could have had it again!!  So moreish! I contained myself!  The portion size was perfect. Beautiful presentation and all the coriander Mmmmm and lime! mmmmm
Cocktail in the sunshine!Through the Tower restaurant's floor-to-ceiling windows is a view of Edinburgh in all its stony beauty. The restaurant is located on the fifth-floor terrace above the Museum of Scotland. Drag your eyes away from the view outside and there's a whole landscape of well-sourced Scottish produce on the menu: hand-dived scallops, Pork loins, lobster, beef, heritage potatoes, and so on. Haggis bon bons with your crispy squid and a home made pork pie while moules mariners are very well cooked and reminiscent of summer holidays in the Vendee. The poached pear and crème brulees are a lovely end to the meal as the sun sets...The only problem is that the food isn't quite as good as it should be. It has so much promise and sounds so tasty but it just misses hitting the nail on the head in the way so many other Edinburgh havens do. Having eaten at all the sister restaurants of the group I do feel the food is sub standard to their offerings and would always favour the Witchery or Prestonfield. Lovely view though and a great spot for a cocktail if not a little pricey.
**Kitchen not open till 5pm.**This is one of the several placed we tried to get food from between 3pm and 5pm ON A SATURDAY.We went down the list of several places on Yelp, walking all over the area, and found that businesses close their kitchens in the middle of the day on a Saturday.  That's crazy talk where we come from. Crazy talk I tell ya. *shakes fist like an old grandpa*We sat for a bit and enjoyed a tiny whisky, a tiny coke, and a small bag of crisps for waaaaay toooooo much money for the size - while looking for other places that had food RIGHT NOW. We were  hungry dangit!The plus side?  The bartender was the most friendly service person we've run into outside of Starbucks in the tourist area.
Delicious and decently priced food and great service! Loved my time here :) the staff was very friendly and its location is great being right in the Grassmarket neighborhood
Solid pub, good food. Super friendly staff! Recommend. We split appetizers as we were pub crawling, but didn't make any difference in the way we were treated. Good choice for pints and a light supper.
Schöner kleiner Pub, ruhig und doch voller Leben. Gutes frisches Guinness. War nicht umsonst Pub of the year. Bietet auch eine kleine Speisekarte mit typischem Pub-Food.
Cost-effective! Nice steak! Strongly Recommend courses. And the waitress is very nice. The smoked salmon is too salty. I can't handle it.
Great place. Food was delicious people were friendly. Recommend. Mussels cooked beautifully and the steak was juicy and tender. Young potatoes buttery and delicious.
Good for a cocktail before going out for diner. Nice atmosphere and helpful bar staff.I booked a table via their website which was handy.  I had a voucher from ITISON which gave us a great deal on 4 x burgers and cocktails for £26 instead of £60odd.  They have recently re-decorated the place and it looks great.  I had the portabello garlic mushroom burger and fries, it was delicious.  I have only taken a star off as the veggie burger should have come with pesto but on enquiry, their pesto has parmesan in it which isn't veggie!  Everything else was fantastic and we had a really great lunch out.
Not as nice as expected. Quick service though. A strong smell of fresh paint and no ice just warm drinks! The peppercorn sauce was actually disgusting and ordered at an extra cost of £2. The so called Bavette was not the Bavette one might order in France. In fact having spent eighteen years of my life in France eating out in real French restaurants I can but underline the difference. The fries were delicious though! On the other-hand my partners half a chicken was quite a success. So mixed feeling about thus place after this first visit. I think it deserves a second chance so maybe next time...
Sat out in the sun waiting for my fish! All in all, Bonsai was ok. Nothing mind blowing but pretty good sushi. The dragon rolls were nice and the fish sashimi was fresh and tasty. Some of the dishes were a bit greasy but stiil reasoably good. Sushi is one of my ultimate favourite foods but this place didnt inspire me as much as I had hoped though still a good option if your in the area
Superb food, not the most child friendly place in the world.We did come during the festival so that might excuse the less than friendly welcome we got but there was a definite feel of "it will be quite a wait for you" translating as "I really wish you'd get yourself the hell out of here" from the "greeting" staff.We ended up sitting outside which worked out fine and the food did make up for the welcome as did the coffee which was superb.  We'll come back without the wee ones and give it another whirl
Join the smws for a fantastic Whisky experience!I have an SMWS membership through work and have been a number of times for meetings and dinners and have always had fabulous food and service. To buy the whisky you need to be a member and this also entitles you to drink in the bar but if you want to go for dinner then that is fine. Membership is about £100 and allows you to bring a guest along and is definitely worth it, if you like your whisky. There are two parts to the SMWS venue in central Edinburgh, a restaurant downstairs and the upstairs whisky drinking area. There is also the vaults in Leith which has a bar and shop outlet. This is relating to the Queen Street Venue as I have yet to visit the vaults. Upstairs there is a bar with a LARGE selection of whiskies as well as a great selection of beers, wines etc. Assuming you can find a seat, grab the seat and pull out the whisky and food menu, lets start with food. The selection is very nice and comes out of the same kitchen as the restaurant down stairs. The mains are around £9 - £13 so very reasonably priced. The dining room down stairs has a set menu which is about £30 for 3 courses and the a la carte. EVERYTHING I have ordered has been fantastic I can assure you.Now to the reason you go, the whisky. It's a very confusing menu if you don't know the system. The menu it split into the different regions, highland / speyside / lowland / island etc. Then the confusing part, they don't tell you the name of the distillery, only a number. The first part is the distillery and the second is the barrel number from that distillery that the SMWS has selected. There is no list anywhere obvious of which distillery is which number but many of the members have a "secret list" they can pull up to tell you.The whiskies themselves are very good. The SMWS selects a number of barrels from different distilleries, bottles them and sells them but once they sell out, you will never get it again, it's the benefit and curse of the single barrel bottling. They have recently started tell you how much each dram costs which is nice, they range from £4.95 up to £33.50. You can also purchase a bottle of any of the whiskies you taste and enjoy at home. The atmosphere is relaxed and cosy, the staff are friendly and super knowledgeable, the food is really very nice, but most importantly the whisky, while not cheap, is always great and allows you to experience whiskies you can't get anywhere else.....
I wouldn't bother. Insipid food poorly presented.Being honest this is purely about the cafe, I am sure they put on great films and offer a great experience everywhere else. The cafe comes across as an afterthought. The menu is limited, not well presented, bland and distinctly less than well prepared.They did have sandwiches on display, just no labels to let you know what was in them. I had nachos, not spicy beans, scattering of dried bits of chicken, slap of sour cream and something red that was supposed to be salsa. My wife had a baked potato with cheese. As she said, no attempt to melt the cheese and a lunch shop salad plonked on the side. As I said above, not worth it. Eat somewhere else then go see a film!
Due to BPA concerns, I won't be getting hot sandwiches at Jason's anymore. All hot protein on sandwiches are heated in plastic bags. The club sandwiches are still awesome.
Adobo was too greasy and the puncit had been sitting out a long time by the time I got there. Pass on the Halo Halo. No flavor.
Maybe it comes with a wax too.  This place was absolutely amazing, if you like protein overdose. Their lamb is out of this world. Salad bar is also off the hook, you need to prepare yourself 24 hrs in advance.
Salad bar is amazing. Loved the grilled sword and salmon fish.  The service was excellent. Valet parking was provided too. This was my second time here and for sure I will come again.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Perfect date night! The polite, professional servers are constantly bringing something new to your table. The salad bar is clean & full of options for everyone. Pricey dinner for two, but we left feeling like we got our money's worth!
Bartender sucks!!!!!!!! Go to the casino and order your drinks!!!!! Hope the food is better. Food was good, service (including waitress) sucks!!! Dont know why Red Rock hosts this establishment????
Good place to get your hair did. Lower prices on service means more money for fabulous products!I have gotten manicures, pedicures, facials, eyebrow waxing, haircut and color. I mostly get my hair done here the other services take super long and the savings aren't as good. They do great eyebrow waxing, that's worth the time. So I normally get a haircut and root touch up. I always try to get an advanced students and normally can get them if the appointment is booked in advanced. The student talks about any concerns you may have and what they can do to address them. Then they tell you what they are going to do and confirm it with the teacher, usually the teachers ask them a few questions and give them a little extra guidance. Aside from telling you what they are going to do they also let you know the cost and how long it will take.Pros - They of course only use Aveda products which smell so good. The cost is greatStudents stylist which know the latest and greatest.Second set of eyes on what you are getting done. Cost savings allows you to get more products.Never have an issue with parking.Cons-Student stylist which if you get someone that is new it can take extra long.Student stylist also means you won't be seeing the same person for too long, the course is about 12 months. It can time a little bit longer depending on what you are getting done.
Sidewalk sale kiddies. Love it here.  This skate shop is just a "hidden gem" in Charlotte. The staff is great & the selection is plentiful.  Messed around & dropped a buck ( on 2 SB's & Black Sheep T) during their sidewalk sale.  A must visit when in The Queen City.
Summer is upon us, and a smoothie is a great way to get a bit of relief from the heat.  There's plenty of Tropical Smoothie Cafe's through out the valley, but I'm not sure if they are all exactly the same.  Some details for this particular location:Happy hour 5pm-7pm daily, second smoothie is $1.99.Free wifiOutdoor shaded seatingOpen 24 hoursAll of these things make for decent alternative to studying or working from your laptop at home.
The worst customer service ever. I never want to go back there. I would rather take a flight to France to buy
I have visited other Chanel stores in CA and they usually don't give you the time of day. I decided since the sales tax was lower in NV I thought "hey why not TREAT YO SELF"?!I walked into the store and was immediately greeted by one of their sales associates. They gave me the opportunity to browse around the store and was told if I needed their help to just ask and they would be happy to assist me. By far the friendliest Chanel boutique I have visited and was helped right away by their SA, Dawn.I asked for her to show me some of the small leather goods they had which I had been eyeing for awhile. She gave me some very helpful information regarding which styles were new and the different leathers that the items came in. Dawn was very helpful and she told us if we ever needed anything in the future to just give her a call. I recommend if you are planning on purchasing anything Chanel then I suggest coming here because the sales tax is only 8.1% and you'll get excellent customer service.
Majestic Wine enforce a 6 Bottle purchase minimum.The prices are no less than bargains found elsewhere.Snobbery at it's worst from youngsters who should know better.I am not impressed in the slightest.
If you have any kind of food allergies I would not recommend this place. I told the waitress I am allergic to Gluten, dairy, soy, corn and potatoes. I ordered the Salmon and since everything that came with it I could not have I asked if I could get Steamed Vegetables..she asked the Chef and said they only had Cod & green beans. I specifically said NO Butter. When I got my food the beans were covered in butter..I even had 3 other people confirm there was butter. The Mgr tried to tell me that "The Cod has a buttery texture" ..non the less I left hungry
Fun, lively and fresh. Definitely recommended! We like the back garden area best. Inside is nicely designed but darker and louder.
Beautiful dog park & very convenient to uptown! I was very impressed with the large area for dogs to play, and nice that they have separate spaces for large or small dogs! Will definitely be back!
Expensive? yes. But it is a brand so you know what you can expect. What was my most pleasant experience was how friendly and very service minded they are. Missing a buckle, button or your cuff is torn? They will try to replace all that free of charge! Does Barbour come with a lifetime manufacturer's guarantee? I don't know but their service point to this. The shop is well stocked and you find it reminds you of the country. Gentlemen country. Waxed coats, leather bags, padded undercoats and boots. I only have a bag from them and if I only had more money I would get lots more. Their stuff is quality, proper and timeless. Very pleased.
Shrimp tacos were terrible and so were my friends fajitas, I would not recommend. The only good thing was the chips and salsa, that was pretty tasty.
Nice little corner pub, with the cellar monkey below .... Good seating and friendly staff.The french martini and Strawberry Daquiri  are my favourite cocktails here.  The house red is good too!  Haven't sampled food here though!
Edible... That is it and that is all.. Never again 3 little pieces of chicken and cold noodles
Stylist Joe has a knack for short hair. Always looks amazing and easy to style!Truly....I never had short hair in my life until June, when Joe gleefully chopped it all off. While (honestly) telling me that he wouldn't do this for anyone who asked for it. Would want the person to be happy and suit the look. Not everyone does. Obviously. I don't love the price, but I love the service, experience and overall feeling of fabulousness I get when I leave. That's what makes me a repeat customer. Which reminds me, I need to book an appointment. My hair is getting long ;)
Very fast service, close late, good food, for me was a life saver, you can choose from burgher , pizza or more exotic food.
Although it has some amazing amenities, and a gigantic Olympic sized swimming pool...it's still quite pricy for a swim! £5.50 for an adult and £2.40 for a kid...if your doing this on a weekly basis that's nearly £40 a month! And there isn't a whole lot to do with the kids once you're in the pool. We have taken to race back and forth, but can last just over an hour doing this...which makes me feel I've wasted £8.40. Although they do have a lovely soft play area and canteen...once again the price of soft play is something like £4.50, for a whole hour. You can get that price at Gambado with no real time limit. Overall, for lack of better options we go here. But if they brought back Leith Waterworld, I'd much rather spend my money there.
My wife and I always stop here on our way to Suns games. Fantastic drinks and light fare.  If you like gin try their Aviation, it's top notch.
basic basic food do like the ambiance and great music, i had a salad that i don't remember being extraordinary gives you an idea how great that was.
Best wings, ever!! Hot gold are our favorite. Recently I tried the lemon pepper wings and I'm hooked. They taste like they have a lemon soy sauce in them. Oh and the beer is cold and service is fast. We've been going to DD's for over 8 years and have never been disappointed!
Best wings...loved their hot teryaki!Small place and looks rough on the outside but inside was clean and service was good/friendly.  Lots of tvs and it was a comfortable environment.  Tried 5 different types of wings and all were excellent.  The chili cheese fries were good too.  All in all it was affordable good food.
In for bowl game. Awesome wings. Great fries. Good beers. Awesome service.  Highly recommend.
If I want great wings I go to DD's.  You can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  You need to try their Hot Ranch.  I'm addicted to this place.  Can't wait go back.
Absolute best wings in Charlotte!! My favorites are the hot honey BBQ and hot gold. I usually just do take out, but the staff is always friendly.
Took park in the Lifetime Fitness Reindeer Run, well our daughter did.  It was a great event at a great park!Parking was a bit confusing to a first timer.
The spicer the better. Make sure to get the S1! I usually go for the P1 with the soft tendon, meatballs, tripe, lean brisket, and fatty brisket. Of all of the Pho restaurants that I have been to in Phoenix, I would say that this one is close to the top. Really accessable and easy to find and attached to a great international market. It has a laid back style to it and the waitstaff is very friendly.  A quick tip for any bowl of Pho that you get, order extra noodles on the side instead of another bowl if you are still hungry. It is a lot less expensive and gives you more to eat.
Best Pho in the valley!!! Fresh brewed Thai and jasmine Ice tea. Easy parking and very friendly wait staff.  They close a little early, 8 pm, even on the weekend.  The menu is large but we've only tried the pho since that is our favorite.
Probably my favorite place ever to get pho! They give you a good size portion and their broth is one of the best.
The best Pho I've had in the Phoenix area hands down.  The owners are very nice and the service is fast.
I love this place. From the food to the service it's all excellent. Mom and I have lunch there at least once a month.
Always been great for me!! I always make an appointment, walk-in always wait longer! Kevin is always so nice and the ladies are so great to talk too! It's clean and very friendly.
The best burgers around!Staff is friendly. Food comes out quickly but is well prepared and presented. Convenient location.
Croissant donut, okay, but not worth $2.49 ea.. This place use to be great but now the personnel is cold and it isn't as clean.
Awesome food great service we will be back. Try the risotto and the peanut butter and chocolate cake. Ask for Chad he is an awesome waiter.
Very bad service and management., they are very bad food was ok but service was really mean I like the Scottsdale,AZ better
Best insurance agency I have dealt with. Always helpful. The staff is knowledgable and have always been able to help me promptly.
Heard they closed!  Definitely a loss for charlotte. Impeccable service and food. I wish we had a chance for another glass of wine at the bar. Thanks for all the great memories.
Love this place the food is so amazing can't get enough of it. We come here once a week for family night kids love it here they get the wings and  chicken tenders hubby and i get  the peperoni pizza with the very hot hot wings ranch  sauce is to die for.
This has to be the best pizza in Vegas!!! Great food and great service!! My husband ordered the chicken wings which they were great. We also had a mushroom and pepperoni pizza, which was awesome! I would definitely recommend eating here.
The food here is yummy!!! The unlimited soup & bread sticks are my favorite lol Service is great but hate that you can't make a reservation. Services is great.
Fine neighborhood jewel.  Go!  Excellent food, service and ambience.Also Astor house next door meets same high quality standards.  Remarkable chefs!
Great food, great service and I always recommend this place to my friends!!!Get reservations to be safe!  But I've walked In a few times.  It's top notch and right in the beautiful historic Coronado neighborhood
Went based on the reviews, and was somewhat underwhelmed.  Good, but just good.  Tried several items the waiter recommended, and nothing really "popped".
Best place to get the best prices on your textbooks! Right off campus too! They have been in business since 1967 and are super friendly and helpful.  Support Local! They are ASU's only local bookstore! The store on campus got leased out to a national corporation a few years ago...
A pretty standard Olive Garden in a great area to shop around if you want more to do then sit and eat.  The restaurant was pretty busy and we opted to sit at the bar instead of wait for a regular table - most of the time bartenders are awesome servers anyways.  Side note: If you sit at the bar to eat be aware of the a/c units - they are directly overhead.It was a Saturday night so college football was on and the crowd was a bit louder than normal in the bar area, but not a big deal.  The food was good as always and our server was very nice and checked in on us regularly.  Downsides on this visit would include some of the kitchen staff coming out to take a peek at the game and touching a chair (i.e. my fiancee's chair who happened to be in the bathroom when they came out), the counter, the doors, and other items with their prep gloves on - then proceeding to walk back into the kitchen with those same gloves on.  We decided to pray that those gloves were thrown away as soon as they went back into the kitchen, and new gloves were put on.  However, the fact that they were touching things that we were touching with gloves that had who knows what on them was a big downer.  Overall: BThe gloves thing killed a lot for this location - but considering the vast amount of Olive Garden locations we have been to in the past, it's not a norm and we'll go back for sure.
Forgot to make hotel reservations for this business trip. Lucked out!!! LOVE this hotel/resort!!! Beautiful rooms w/ lots of amenities....I also had dinner at Prado, one of the 3 restaurants onsite. The calamari was excellent and my main entree, potato gnocchi was delish! I accompanied my meal with a couple of glasses of red wine from Spain which complimented the meal perfectly. My room was gorgeous and I felt pampered the short time I was there. Can't wait to go back for the next business trip.
Don't eat at the salad bar. It's just filler. Overall, if you are in Vegas, and can get here, you should go. This is a meat lovers dream. So much good food and great, attentive service. Not a place for veagans. The atmosphere is very spacey and open. Hope to eat here again soon.
Great food and great service. Bartenders were very sweet and attentive! We got there at 8 on a Saturday and they had a nice menu for happy hour.  5.00 appetizers and the drink prices were cheaper. Not expensive but on the higher side, with that said, the drink were wonderful!
So amazing! The service is amazing! Best place ever! I came for my birthday with my husband and parents and we will be back for sure!
Julia rocks! Great personality and extremely helpful. So great at her job I hope Gap pays her well as she's the best personality I've come across in retail in a long time.
Making a stop here is a must if you need a break from the strip and love cool dive-y vars. Good drinks! All go for $9 & $23 if u want them in cool kitschy souvenir tiki glasses. Try the Tiki Bandit--mmm mmm good!
The bomb!  Best tiki drinks.    Bring your own dd or get a limo.  Be sure and take time to look up down and all around, this is real tiki!!!!!
The Best in the Business! Best drinks. Best bartenders. Best atmosphere. Every drink is awesome. The bouncers keep trouble makers away. Been going here since day one. The only real Tiki Bar in Vegas.
Larry makes the best dranks EVER!!! FINK BOMB!  Tell him Gold Spike girl sent you!!!!  I love the drinks and him!!  Muah!!!
Food was ok service sucked I'm not recommending this establishment as there are 1,000 other Mexican places close by.
Good Food. Great Atmosphere. Nice Staff. The Steak and Shrimp was cooked perfectly. The sides of Broccoli Cheese Casserole & Homemade Red Beans & Rice were delicious.
One of the best fast food burgers. Homemade fries are hard to beat! Fridays are the best! Bottomless fries! Everything is made to order. They never disappoint. Staff is generally friendly.
Quick service except the Frappuccino was really watery, not sure if that is a consistent problem at this location.
I was in the area and needed a drink so stop in .  Cheap good drinks and  bar food. A Nice neighborhood bar.
Best NY style pizza in AZ. Hospitality is 2nd to none.
Great food, great pizza and great environment!! My husband is a huge fan. We ordered this for a party and some of the toughest pizza critics loved it!!
Best pizza I've had since moving out here and the knots yum place is efficient and staff is very friendly
Best pizza I've had since moving out here and the knots yum. The staff is very nice and  work efficient. Tony makes sure your updated while waiting for your pick up he's one hell of a guy. Would definitely tell anybody to visit this place if your in Gilbert. Haven't tried any others things on the menu but I'm sure amazing.
Good tacos, great guac! Michelada was not so great. Would go back for guac for sure! Service was pretty good but lagged at times. I would definitely recommend the short rib tacos and pulled pork tacos.
Love this place! Love Roberto--he's the best!! The beers were frosty and the food was delicious.
Always just so wonderful! Our favorite in the City. Met there for our first date and every anniversary since. Great service, always great food, wonderful atmosphere especially when it's warm and sitting outside.
This place is quickly becoming my secret obsession!  Love me these tamales!! The chicken mole is an absolute must when they have it.
Wow !! This place is amazing - the best I've ever had !! Worth the drive .. Pins colada is the best :)
Great tamales best we've ever had.. We got the green pork and green corn and cream cheese I am so eager to try there different flavors we will definitely be back.
The Hot Dogs are the bomb.comb. The lengua tacos are amazing. Good late munchie food. Carne asada tacos and bean cheese burrito also very good. Friendly staff and the place is clean and food is fresh. Hot dog cart reminds me of the street vendors in Downtown LA.
Dirty, slow, and disrespectful workers.  I suggest avoiding this Bojangles and go elsewhere.
Best place to take your car in for service. They have a free shuttle service.  They have always quickly scheduled an appointment for me when I call.  They are friendly and informative.  I'm a single female and its been the best car service I've ever received - I've never felt pressure to buy anything extra or felt like they were talking over my head.  I recommend them to anyone.  I drive a Honda.
My favorite! Inexpensive and quick. All the dishes I have tried are wonderful. I really like the Fettuccine Alfredo!   Also the bruschetta is great! Fantastic!
As always, excellent food and excellent service! Love this place!! There's something for everyone. The food is cooked to your specifications too. I always take home half of my order, so it's like two meals for the price of one! Major deals!!
No duh it's expensive it's in the middle of the Golden Nugget Casino. I have eatin a lot of Sushi shared a quick tuna roll and salmon roll. It was so fresh melted in my mouth like butter
Yummy and happy hour was good to the Dragon roll the peach saki drink and the rest we tried was so yummy
Burger was warm, soda cold and fries were... Stale. I disagree with some of the previous posts on customer service as that I usually get good service. However more times than not my fries (yes a side item but still equally important) are cold, hard and stale.
Wow ! Love the burning love burger and a cold snap beer! Service has gotten better, really seems like they know what they are doing
Good burgers cold beer. Kinda hard to go wrong with this combo.... prices are high and the traffic at the e waterfront sucks but you could do much worse. The service was good too.
Best tacos ever!!! Tortilla are fresh, not store bought. Drove 23 miles out of the way just for them.
Don't sit at the bar...... No one helps you.This is by far the worst service I have ever had. I love Grimaldi's the pizza is great but the service was just terrible. Up front stand three hostess' that cannot figure out how long the wait was. Each one of them said a different time, and were extremly rude. One finally said the bar was open seating so for the first time we sat at the bar. I noticed a huge party leave from the patio so I asked a hostess if the patio is open seating, it was not so I then asked if the wait was still as long. She informed me that people were ahead of me (which was understandable) however no one was waiting. So I went back to the bar and said its fine we will just deal with it. Some better spots outside opened up so we moved seats from in the bar to the outside bar area. I watched two tables stay open the entire time of our meal, which was 2 hours long. I was ready to leave had I been able to tell the waitress to cancel our order. The reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is becuase in the end the amazing pizza made up for the terrible service. I love the pizza and next time I think mabey I will order it to go.
Get here early or there will be a wait, outside, in the scorching Arizona heat.I really have to be honest and say this was not my favorite tasting pizza, to me the sauce was lacking flavor. But watch out when you order the "small" pizza, it is about the size of a car tire.They gave our 1 year old some pizza dough to play with which I thought was the coolest idea I had ever seen for entertaining little kids.The servers are experienced top notch professionals.
I love grimaldis, it's our favorite pizza place for sure. This one is no exception. It can get busy so there is a wait sometimes but it is worth waiting for.
Very good service! Great pizza!Taking whole family next time! Reminds me of new york!
So much interesting information about the history of Pittsburgh. Definitely a place to spend a few hours walking through.
Nice place good service  , me and my family love it .nice and quiet , not too much noise , everyone is on . Love it
Super yummy food and great atmosphere.  There is a market inside as well as a restaurant. Cool place.
If you're from out of town and looking for a great breakfast spot look no further.There are atleast 10 things on the menu that I would like to try.  The tostada eggs Benedict was amazing but I hear the breakfast nachos is where it's at.
By far the best breakfast in town. The portions can be a bit big, so we often split a breakfast and it's just perfect!
This one doesn't open 24/7 but the one at the Venetian does.  I've been to Grand Lux almost every time that I'm in Vegas.  The service SUCKS - it's worst than Denny's.  BUT THE FOOD IS SO GOOD. This past weekend, I found out that you can order your food to-go.  So bypass all that shitty service and just order it from the side cafe!  The food comes packed up; you still get your complementary table bread; and just take it up to the room and feast in private.  Anyway, the mashed potato spring rolls are a MUST.  And the pasta telefono is good too.
Thus place does a amazing job! Food is great! Fair price! I would highly recommend and there open really late!
Consistently great food & huge portion that great for sharing!  They have the best home made blue cheese dressing.  The only negative is the breakfast buffet - they use that skinny, fake bacon (microwave bacon?)
Grand Lux = Nice DennysPretty cheap sitdown for vegas, decent burgers. Burger, soda, tax&tip came to about $25..not bad
December 23rd and one register open with a line wrapping around the store. But there are employees just wandering around the store.When we finally got to the register, my husband caught them over charging us.
Not bad. Not as good as Hawaii, reasonable price, it's clean inside. Employees are nice, large menu, I normally get the bbq chicken and a side, mostly eat there.
Great food and good service.  Just like the ones on island!  I will definitely be back!  Thanks for a great meal!
This review is for the Sears Optical Center. *Tip: Sears Optical accepts most vision insurance and discount programs.*The customer service in the Optical Center is great if you need glasses at a great price. Crystal is the friendliest person behind the counter and so helpful when people are picking out glasses and trying to find a good deal. She helped several people while I was waiting for my husband to complete his eye exam and I was impressed by her cheerful attitude and professionalism. Dr. Tran is the independent optometrist at this Sears. Whereas most offices are closed on the weekends, Dr. Tran offers appointments on Saturdays which is great. Dr. Tran was personable, extremely knowledgeable, and took her time with the exam. Mary and Crystal are incredibly knowledgeable and helpful as well when it comes to selecting the perfect pair of glasses. The selection is somewhat limited at Sears, but they do offer some good brands and amazing deals. Current deal: 50% off one pair glasses or buy 2 pairs and receive 60% off the second pair (Sale effective through 1/7/14).
Try the Tahoe sandwich !  Inside the Rio sports book area. The place is pretty quick and obviously fresh. I love eating from there. Not the cheapest, but hey your in vegas betting so at least your gonna win when you eat a great sandwich!!..  My wife had the salds and it was huge so you could try that but I'm in vegas so beer and calories are on the menu.. :).. From what I can see, the area they make the food is clean and well organized. You eat pretty much in the sports book area, although they do have one table set aside in a side are for familes/parents with kids. Thought that was pretty nice..
(From my tip posted 1/7/2014)Had a pepperoni slice with extra bacon topping. About $7. Order at the counter and wait around till your number is called. Slow, even though I was the only customer at about 5pm. Pizza slice was great, not too greasy or too doughy.
Love the Animal style fries!! Always busy, and I take that as a sign of good food. I always arrive starving so waiting isn't fun, but it's always worth it.
The salad bar..... Who needs the meat!! Unless it's the garlic beef. Or the cheesy bread knots.Now, I usually dont visit chain restaurants... especially after coming to this place from the San Diego location. I thought the food was just to DIE for, so I decided to take my friend who was visiting here (especially since I had a two people eat foooo FREE coupon). Now, I must say... I like this restaurant over the San Diego location. The tables are spaced out, and are definitely more accessible, you arent side-stepping between customers/servers trying to venture to the salad  bar or to your own table. They have a drink service constantly going around? Something I'm definitely not used to. That was so incredibly convenient. The service was superb and the servers very friendly. I would come here just for the garlic knots. I seriously want to sneak in with ziplocs next time just to load up before I leave.... totally kidding. kinda. (IM FROM THE BAY AREA, we get ratchet). Anyways A++++++.
They don't hold reservations even when you make one.  I made a reservation here and was told we have have a few parties ahead of you and ended waiting an hour to be seated.
vraiment bel endroit pour une sortie amis . Bel atmosphère. On se sent pas coincé quand on danse .Il ya assez  d'espace pour danser.
Bouncers are a-holes. No idea how to enter the place. Waited in line in front of the bouncer for over 15 mins and idiot bouncer said that we needed to wait in a different line. Next bouncer said "I don't know what your plans are for tonight but you're not getting in tonight" after waiting 20 mins in line. Would not waste a minute in this pretentious crap hole.
A little expensive, but very good.  The volcano roll is one of my favorites. The martinis are good as well.
Getting a rewards card  and a pit stop on the Greenway!  This is my favorite Starbucks location in my area.  Very cool and intimate vibe inside and great location.  I have started making this my pit stop before making the return leg of my round trip walk on the Greenway.  Staff is super nice and stays on top of this busy store.  Love the greeting regulars get here. Starbucks was genius in making sure they got this location when Piper Glen Shopping Center was remodeled.   Tons of Greenway business and right across the street from Piper Glen!
Not terrible just very bland food. No seasoning. My kids like it because there is absolutely no spices.
Good environment. Friendly and quick service. We ordered fried pickles and crab Landry, both were made well and tasted good. The reason for the 3 stars was because I was looking forward to trying the jambalaya so I ordered that for myself. It was a complete let down. It literally tasted like someone poured a bottle of liquid smoke into the dish. Aside from the overwhelming smoke taste, the rice was mushy and the sausage was burnt. I won't be getting that again. However, I am willing to give them another try but I will stick to a po' boy instead.
The Gumbo is to die for.  I have tried the sandwiches as well.  The Gumbo is my absolute favorite.   The staff is always friendly and even when the place is packed you still get great customer service
Very good food....a great place when you really miss NOLA food. Good service, fairly priced and clean.
This place is amazing. Good food, lots of good flavor. I don't eat sea food, so I had a chicken po' boy and loved it! Red beans & rice are also on point!
What a cute little place! Bacon chili sauce prawns were amazing. And mmm... Homemade cheesecake. Can't wait to go back! The only issue was our beef wellington was a little undercooked, but not enough to send back or not snarf it down!
This place is off the chain!I had the Shrimp Scampi Stuffed Chicken and we all thought it was wonderful!  Gourmet food for a reasonable price and a very comfortable atmosphere.
Good food, great drinks, bad service. Took us forever to get noticed when drinks were low or empty, forever to order, and it wasn't even busy. When we did order the server didn't mention that when the menu said or, it meant and. I ended up with stuff I didn't even like in my food. Would give 5 stars otherwise.
fantastic view of downtown you gotta see!  driving up here is  a royal pain, as is driving a lot of places in hilly pittsburgh. you need to find on street parking nearby which seems to be a bit tricky.. run or ride your bike up here and avoid driving and parking hastles!
Two pretzel dogs for $7. That's $1 more than the deal at Dulles.Same quick, fast, friendly service. Watched my brother wolf these two down faster than he did the two from Dulles.
Affordable snack in the airport. Under $4 for a pretzel to tie you over. Different toppings and sauces for you to choose from and they had samples for you to try while waiting in line. Fast service.
I love my message. Very nice spaIt was exactly what I was looking for.I recommend it very much and I will be going back
Delicious! I moved from bay area and was so happy to find this place! Thanks for the delicious food and great service!
First time trying Papa Joe's we'll see how it is...For the price it's really hard to beat Papa Joe'sI had catfish, shrimp and okra, all fried along with macaroni & cheese. The catfish, shrimp and okra were all good. Actually the fried okra was really good, who knew you could get fried okra in Arizona? The macaroni & cheese was nothing special, I probably won't get it again but I will definitely be back.
Fresh fish and great prices. Had the catfish and onion rings, both amazing.The service was quick and you can tell it is a family owned restaurant, very polite.
Try the Hot Link sandwich.  It is spicy and they put a burn on it.  The fish is always good and Paja Joe and the family are nice.
MY TIP: "We ordered the spicy catfish and the regular whiting...OMG the whiting!!!"Found this place on Yelp, surprised we hadn't seen it earlier, and wanted something different. We felt like having seafood but really don't like the overpriced chain seafood restaurants (Red Lobster, Pappadeaux's) that are never as good as they show or charge. Anyway, found this place and it had great reviews - must be good. And yeah, not disappointed. We usually order directly from Yelp photos, so we really already knew what we wanted but were surprised at how much was on the menu. One Catfish combo  (Joe recommend spicy) and a Whiting combo (regular batter). We got various sides to share and try. I would have to say, I wasn't impressed by the sides, but they were good. Just your good ol' average comfort-food sides, but the real star was the battered fish. I love catfish - so I always order it, but I wasn't as in love this time. It was good, didn't have as much flavor for me, so maybe I will try the regular batter next time. But the whiting - I would order that again. I don't know if it was the batter or what, tasted almost like lemon pepper, that was delish! Portions were plenty - I was kind of happy my boyfriend couldn't eat all of his and I finished his Whiting (oink oink). Overall we enjoyed our meal and we will definitely be back. The restaurant was comfortable, overall pretty clean, wasn't too crowded, there was a TV with Family Feud playing so we were all guessing along, and service was decent. That's what I have to say about it.
Best storage place around very friendly and great service wouldn't go anywhere else. I definitely recommend
Great place and the customer service is excellent.  The property is well kept and safe no matter what time you go there.  Prices are exceptionally fair for the variety of sizes and climate controlled.
Our pooches look adorable! I am so pleased with the way both my dogs look and also how they were treated! Hunny is my 13 yr old Italian Greyhound, and Twinkle is my 1 yr old toy poo mix. Both dogs were so happy and not stressed at all when I picked them up. The ladies that work here were so nice and attentive. I was taking my dogs elsewhere and tried LuLu's for a change, as long as the service remains this stellar, we will be coming here excusively from here on out!
Really good tasting food only complaint is slow service, and the priceOther than that, this place is a great hangout
Great authentic Polish deli. Stuffed cabbage was delicious! The prices are reasonable - $3 per stuffed cabbage, $6 for stew, and $5 for the cabbage, kielbasa and mushroom dish. All were very good, but the cabbage was the best. I got my order to go. They also have Polish clothing and souvenirs, groceries, candies, and deli items. The home made pickles are also very good. They have a freezer in the back with frozen dishes as well. I will definitely be going back.
Good gourmet burgers and bottomless fries nice change of pace.Nice nice variety good service.
Never had bad service or food, great atmosphere! A little pricey but we'll worth it. Two thumbs up
no food...just a hell of a good time!Love this place...older crowd...live band playing older music
Bought a Camry here n it was an excellent experience. I would recommend.  Have also used the service dept a few times n the communication was excellent. I have both of my new toyotas serviced here. Keep up the good work!
Great food and service. The pizza is fantastic. In fact everything I have tried has been great.
Good food and great service.  They have a tasty salad and a good beer selection.  The pizzas are fantastic.  I have tried each appetizer and enjoyed them all.
The chicken parm pizza is awesome and the staff was very attentive, Jason was busy running around the bar, but I never had an empty drink! If you want good food and good service go check this place out! The only thing not giving them 5 stars is their all male staff!
Service was bad. No beer, out of desert. Could not get a water refill glass of water. Spaghetti sauce was fantastic : they need  help with staff
always has everything u might need when on the fly!! Pharmacy is dope too!! Great customer service all the time and workers R always happy
Only one barista here. Takes FOR EVERYTHING to get your coffee. I do have to say that the barista was very nice and did her best. But ONE employee for this Starbucks??? Really?!
It's now (5/4/13) called Windy City Cafe. Good food!
I'm glad I had a BOGO coupon! I will give this place another try if I have another coupon.  08/24/2013 Update - I have yet to return.
By far the best Gyros in the Valley.  Great Chicago Italian Beef Sandwiches also.  Big portions and both indoor & outdoor seating.
Food was decent, but it took nearly 35 minutes for us to get it. I would only recommend it if you have the time to really wait for it
Great food great people ..can never go wrong huge portions and reasonable price.we go twice a month ..phillys are just as awesome as the Gyros ..
Someone TAKE ME BACK PLEASE!!People: 20 girls, 18 boys Setting: dim lights, big room, big enough dance floor, huge outside area with pool and gambling! (Love the dice =D)Bar inside and outBlack jack and craps table (this is where I make the money)swimming pool- i guess you can take a dip?places to sit outside by the pool without having to buy a table!Be prepared to wait a long time unless your a girl or you have a promoter (like any club)My favorite club in Vegas!I came here the day after new years and boy was it crackin'. I had an amazing time here and would come back in a sec. My friend had a promoter, who was able to get all of us 20 girls in and even some of the boys in for free! You may not get this lucky so don't get your hopes up. I went to TAO the night before and I can for sure say that TAO is NOT NOW NOT EVER! Nothing can compete with this place. It is very classy and workers at the Wynn/Encore are super nice and welcoming! If I could, I would come everyday! This place brightened up my trip after having a horrible experience at TAO.
2000th review my favorite club! Kaskade NYE 2013!! :DSpacious and always the best DJs.I love how there's an outdoor area and you can go to the pool as well.Never had a bad night here!
Craziest and best club in Vegas, enjoy the club scene and have your own space .
The place to party in vegas!! The bouncers and managers truly know what theyre doing! I love the bar tenders they always take care of me well!
You could not pay me to come back. You would think that this club was exclusively for men, based on the ratio of men to women. Also, although it was entertaining to watch drunk people stumble into the pool, it was kind of a hot mess. Yikes.
You could not pay me to come back. I've been 3 times, so it's fair to say that I gave it a chance...always way more guys than girls, very rude bouncers, odd flow with not nearly enough space to dance. Too bad, because it truly is beautiful.
Friendly owner, amazing selection, great value without the hoopla of Vegas. Refreshing find for a transplant! The food was OK because some items were not a hot as they should be. But honestly in Vegas the treatment is so mediocre that this fact can easily be given a second chance . As far as I could tell there were many regulars there and the owner was so gracious and remembered them all. He even took a minute to ask how we had heard of his place. His wife was sweet too! Hard working couple with a good formula. Love Vegas for the best places are always in strip malls!! Take that big corporate hotel monsters. Its still about the little guys.
"It's super disappointing to crave something and have it taken away. I walked out after 30 min of my order not even being placed..." - Said after first visit. Second chances are not always given, but in this case it was and I am glad we did. When we first showed up here for our first visit it was a bit busy, but there was a table for us. The older gentlemen sat us, took our order, but forgot to put it in. He then did not come back to the table for a long time and at that point we found out he did not even put our order in and so we left. He told us he was sorry and offered to buy our dinner the next time we came in. Very nice of him, but we hesitated. Next week came and my boyfriend wanted sushi. So we took him up on his offer and lone and behold...deliciousness. I do not eat sushi, but my boyfriend loved his. I could tell from his facial expressions for sure. I had the Gyoza...amazing and the chicken and egg rice bowl which was also amazing. I love that dish and it was better then Ichiza's which I found hard to believe at first, but to me it was. I also LOVE their Miso Soup. I have never had it with the little noodles in it, but that is not why I loved it. I loved it because the flavor was so bursting and delightful that I could go there just to eat all their Miso Soup. Seriously, I love that soup. We also went during happy hour which has $2 Sapporos. Can you say, yes please? I did, about four times. The best part, besides the soup, was the company of their new Chef. Apparently his first day was the day we went the first time, but this time we sat at the bar and he chatted with us the whole time. I think his name is DK, so if you go there tell him Hello. He is a sushi artist. Like I said, I don't eat sushi but I love the way it is made and created and his was neat All in all our second visit was so much better and we will be back! It is close to the house and delicious. I will try their teriyaki chicken next I think! Second chances can be worth it sometimes !
Best Sushi In My Life!! Thank You Yoshi!!We went in and felt completely welcome and felt like regulars. We sat at the bar chatted with the head chef Yoshi. He keeps recommending and we kept eating. The man is very skilled, funny, smart, and nice.
Absolutely the best sushi in Vegas !! I have eaten here at least 10 times and the food is always consistently good...Nobu trained Yoshi is a top notch Japanese sushi chef... No wannabes here... Try it and you will be hooked for life
Great food, great service. And they offer raw wasabi, not the fake shit. Chicken teriyaki was also delicious. Chicken was very tender.
Great appetizers and food. My favorite dish is the steak tar tar.  It's amazing. I eat there once a month.   The salmon is best sushi style.
Love love in n out, always amazing. Best food for being fast food. Great double doubles and fries. Definitely fills a person up.
Always fresh and fantastic!  You can never go wrong with in-n-out! They are always fast and the people who work here are super friendly.  When you want something fast but high quality this is your spot.
Atmosphere is nice, food is over priced for the quality. The customer service is really good. Fresh squeezed orange juice.
very nice place, good service and good food. the lamb burger is perfect! a good place, a good menu.
Great appetizers and bloody Mary's, not so great prices and service waited along time waiter didn't explain options
This is a good place to start a night. Went here on a 21st door guy gave some ppl problems wouldn't want to try and get in after they've dealt with to many drunks.
So glad to see a Coffee Bean here at the Palm!!!  Great coffee with great staff!!  I had a promotional gift card from last year and it had expired.  I wasn't aware of these cards having a expiration date, but the friendly employee informed us of the expiration date.  I was fine not being able to use the card, but the employee took $5 off my coffee purchase!  Now that's SERVICE!!
From midnight to 6am: Two eggs, hash browns, toast & jelly with sausage links for $2.45!!! Can't beat that!!
its okay. but, WHERE'S MY CHECK?? are they giving free meals to random people? man it took 5 minutes for them to find us a seat. about 15 minutes for the food. 20 minutes to eat. and waiting forever for the check. wtf? free meal? let us know so that we can leave asap.
$3.95 steak and eggs upped to $4.95 from 12am - 6am, but still super cheap!I almost ALWAYS come here when I'm at Vegas. It's about 15 minutes south of the strip, so it's on the way from SoCal if you're driving in/out late at night. Everyone in my group always orders the steak and eggs. You get: steak, 2 eggs, hash browns, and bread (white, wheat, sourdough). A definite steal for $5.Tip: I like to ask for Heinz 57 sauce, which tastes better than A1 steak sauce in my opinion. They keep it in the back, so you have to ask your waiter for it.Also, South Point has $5 black jack tables, so sometimes we'll gamble while we wait!
Good food at an excellent price.  Fast service and friendly staff.  Very generous portions, had to take half of it home
It's Always the same! I mean come on now! Especially now that we are getting a 1% increase on the cost of drinks!
Food was great service was great I highly recommend Takeda Thai.  The edammae was amazing, so was the coconut ice cream!
A must every time we visit Las Vegas! You know this place sells alot of egg dishes when the delivery truck delivers eggs by the stacked case - and many of them.You can get your egg dishes just about any way you like them and know that you'll have a good experience. I tend to favorite the California Omelet which has tomato, fresh avocado and mushrooms, along with melted Swiss and hollandaise sauce. The omelet alone is more than enough at 3 eggs, but they include some great potatoes (or another side) and a banana nut muffin which is usually good, but this time tasted a tad off. I didn't mind the muffin, but my kids didn't enjoy them as much this time.Their service style is interesting - flip your metallic "egg" at the table if you're unhappy to get someone's attention. Neat concept!Warning - portions are LARGE. If you're traveling, you'll likely feel like you're wasting food unless you choose to share (they may charge for that, but it's not excessive). After the muffins, I could only eat "most of the omelet and a small bit of potatoes before feeling stuffed.
Crikey! We've got a screamer here but not as entertaining as Gordon Ramsey. Don't sit at the counter unless you want to hear this little spitfire lady scream out every 2 minutes: "I need a runner here!"   Oh boy, I NEED AN ASPIRIN.I might have put up with the clucking of the loud obnoxious lead waitress at the pass screaming out for service had the food been at least worth it. My waitress was very sweet and helpful in describing what's good to eat. She was pushing the hash as the best thing on the menu. I decided to play it safe with a cheese omelet. I struck out on this one. The omelet was rubbery and the potatoes were greasy which really did a number on me a few hours later. I don't know what they put in the potatoes but they had a rancid taste and the slight smell and taste of vinegar. The portions are ridiculousness huge but considering the double wide waste lines of the patrons in this joint, I can see why the customers don't complain. Another reason not to sit at the counter: the absolutely most disgusting thing I have read in a restaurant or for that matter read anywhere in public, except maybe in a doctors exam room, was pasted on the wall right in front of me at the lunch counter. Are you ready? Wait...if you are eating and reading put your fork down now. Fair warning....here it comes: (Remember I didn't get that warning as I was eating my rubber omelet). When you sit at a lunch counter, it's normal to glance around and stare directly ahead of you. My attention was drawn to a cheeky sign that read "Will trade coffee for gossip". Ok, that's typical coffee house cute. That's not the bad part. Below this sign there is a typed notice from management to the employees on when it is acceptable for an employee to be excused from coming to work: There are five reasons and I only got to read up to # 2 before I lost my appetite reading about projectile bodily functions. The sign says something to the affect that in order to protect the health of the other workers and patrons, the following reasons are acceptable accuses for not coming to work. They are: 1: Vomiting. 2: Diarrhea, 3: who knows what the rest said. Bleh! So there I sat with little miss spitfire hollering out for service on my right, I got the busboy on my left drying all the flatware and clanging them into containers while giving me the stink eye every so often. I've got this sign in front of me that I should have taken as a warning for my afternoon discomfort to come! Earlier, the waitress offered to give me a sampling of the hash, which thankfully she forget to bring. I pushed the rubber egg aside, grabbed the check and headed to the cashier. When the cashier asked me if everything was alright, I asked her if she thought that was appropriate to post that sign at the lunch counter for customers to read. She was grossed out as much as I was and said she would talk to management. Not an entirely pleasant breakfast experience at Egg Works.  My stomach is still churning from the obnoxious breakfast and the sound of the waitress screaming "I need a runner here!" is still in my head. Oye!
Good food good service! I liked the homemade corn beef hash and Candice was great! A great spot for breakfast. Next time I have to try their chicken fried steak
We had great service and great food! Candice was fantastic!Very large variety of egg dishes. Very satisfying and fresh. Everything is made the scratch...even the hot sauces.
It was ok. Server left for long time and no refill on drinks. The food was just ok. I was not super impressed. I think they were too busy and not enough help.
Great food and great service by Donna! It was our first time here so we got a free muffins!
Donna was amazing! Always there to help. Quick to come to service and a great attitude!
One of the better breakfast places on this side of town, good selection, nice staff, not too busy
Dope food and a great server Jonathan!  The food is Eggs-cellent!  Be sure to stop by this eggs-straordinary place.
The food and the servers are always great! Donna is the absolute best!!! Great French toast! Nice break from the workday to go eat breakfast.
Brady was our server today HE WAS ASWOME Love the hair. :) a bit of a wait but that is to be expected. Staff is always friendly doesn't matter what spot we go to we have been to 3. Had to flip our egg because our katcup was empty not even one sec someone was helping. Love this place.
Donna was a great server. Food is exceptional.  Awesome variety.  I had the Country Benny, eggs Benedict country style.  Biscuits instead of English muffin, sausage patty instead of Canadian bacon and sausage gravy instead of Hollandaise.  It was excellent!!!  My wife had an omelet loaded with meat and cheese and guacamole.  I had a bite and let me tell you.  It was awesome.  We search out Egg Works every time we go to Vegas.  You should too.
Perry was excellent and silo was 5he foodBest breakfast place in vegasCrepes were the bomb
The food was awesome as always and our server Chelsea was amazing as well. She had our food out to us very quickly.
Its a great place to eat. Our server "PK" is awesome! Very helpful. Traditional Benedict and stuffed french toast is delicious.
Came in for breakfast, blueberry pancakes delicious, service PERFECT with Ashley! My son had a cheeseburger with the works style, said it was the best cheeseburger he's had in awhile!
Jay was awesome! Food was great as usual. Eggs Benny and crepes are the bombPatio service was great
Candice... Simply fabulous... Service was fast,  attentive and friendly...we will definitely back when we're in town and we'll be asking for Candice!!!  Boom
Best breakfast! Great service by Eden! Will definitely be back :) place was bz but worth the wait.
Great service and food. Daniele did a great job, very friendly, got the hash and eggs and everything came out perfect ! Will definitely be back!
Good food... Good service... Family owned. I've visited here many times over the past year, and everything from the food, quality and service have ALWAYS been great. Before considering a fast food chain, give these guys a chance. You won't be disappointed.
Awesome food, even better customer service. Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a delicious meal for a great price.
Burgers are good! Such a small place but big flavor. Green chile fries are the bomb cant find it no other place in vegas
Great theater! AND they validate your parking :)I love the idea of picking your seats before you go in, too. That way you know you won't get stuck in the row that you hate.The servers are really friendly and the bar is fully stocked and fast to serve.
Fabulous food. Fabulous atmosphere. Love that Frank. Excellent service. The evening was enchanting. Appetizers entrées and the dessert was spectacular. There was no waiting for table and we enjoyed the humor of our Waiter.
All you need to know is lobster risotto and the Sinatra Smash. You must look a little classy to get into the main dining room. But you should add a little glitz when honoring old blue eyes. I have gone for just drinks at the lounge and it is not exactly relaxing there. Not enough room at the bar. But if you like a stiff drink and a romantic ambiance have a nice dinner in the restaurant.
Sinatra was an excellent restaurant. The service was amazing and the staff was friendly. Not only was our waitress nice, the food was amazing. We are very happy with Sinatra and we will definitely come back.#1
Outstanding food and service! A must for Italian cuisine in Vegas!  We had our anniversary dinner there.  It was a little pricey, but we knew that going in.
Signature pan roast is pretty good! The oysters were not so fresh.... =( I've been coming here for so many years, but the quality of the oysters have been going downhill.... I'll have to find a new gem. Any suggestions?
Great people who work here. Great bagels & customer service. The store is always super clean. The bagels are so good that you need to get there before 3 for your favorite selection. I just love pretzel bagels and six cheese bagels!
Atmosphere is very good but not  delicious. Blah! Don't believe the hype. Not sure what people are thinking when they give this place 5 stars. Seriously, WTF!The food was weird to all of us. Nothing really made sense. The flavors were just all over the place! The servers in this place are seriously underwhelmed to be there. Not sure if they all just hate the management or what but they all seem really upset.Nothing here was great or even good for that matter. We tried it for Restaurant week and we def won't be back. It's a place that is trying to be something it's not. A bunch of 20somethings in the kitchen throwing things together that might look like fine cuisine but ultimately just ends up being some weird food.
Nice assortment of dishes!
2 stars cause they got rid of my fav panini the turkey artichoke!!!!! So I asked for what would be close to it. The lady said chicken frontenga. It was cold!!!! This has turned me away from paradise. I don't think I will be going there any time soon
Great food! Lackluster serviceget the club sammie, its really goodthey give you cookie with every order too
Best price and quality at the airport. Hands down. After coming to the airport weekly and rarely getting to eat this place took the pain out of it and it felt normal to my wallet for a change.
Friendly, fast and delicious.  Highly recommended.  I had the orange sauce chicken, which was great, coconut soup, and chicken satay skewers.  I have no complaints and everything I tried was spot on.
In my top three places to go for wings outside Buffalo. Anyone who says different, has had their palette ruined by crappy chain-store wings.Other thoughts:  Decent beer specials; the pub fare tastes decent; friendly staff; good atmosphere for watching a big game; deceptively large dining area.Cons:  This place loses a star for being a Sabres bar.  Go Leafs, go!
We love the wings here.  Friendly atmosphere. A little dark inside. I don't find it family friendly v
They have the best Red Velvet in AZ. I go to Nothing Bundt Cakes for my dessert needs!
Fast , fair, and friendly service. They don't try to cheat you here.  I;ve come here twice to have 2 pairs of shoes fixed.  I like that the guy lets me know what the most affordable way is that he can fix my shoes.  When I asked what the alternative was on a pair of shoes, he said it would be $50.  Seeing as how I could jus get another pair for that price, I appreciate the honesty!What really hooked me was that I arrived right as hes about to turn off the lights at closing but he saw me coming and still opened the door with a smile to let me in.  No grumbling nor did I have to beg for him to let me pick up my shoes.  For good service like that - they are a HUGE plus in my book.
Don't come here if you're in a hurry! Slow service, and food takes forever. The pizza itself wasn't horrible.
Best seafood in town. Can't find better crab cakes
Terry is wonderful, and makes the best jewelry, does wonderful nails.  A great salon, you will be amazed.
Good food, craft beer, and good service. The southwest egg rolls are a must and the fish tacos are better than most Mexican restaurants.
Loving the National Cheeseburger Day deal with a beer! Beer is good (blonde) and the southwest egg rolls were spicy and warm!  As usual, the service is great. Everyone is super nice. The manager brought out our apps and checked in with us. Happy hour specials are pretty good.
sooooooo freaking amazing!!!!!!!!! i love cinnamon rolls!!!!!!! i want pancakes!!!! i love pancakes!!!!!! i love their ham too!!!!! im going to cry as to how much i love their ham!!!!! i want more ham!!!! i want the whole ham!!!! eat the ham!!!! *silently whispers* eeeeeeat thhhe haaaaaaaam. *goes back to yelling* haaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmm! eat! at! golden! corral!!!!! thank you.
The best cut Jack-Jack has ever had!The women at the shop are great! I was reasonable for the quality.
The best cut Jack-Jack has ever had!The women at the shop are great! It was very reasonable for the quality and I would highly recommend their service.
Love me some mcgriddles. The drive thru was fast and efficient. And it's a great location to people watch. For example I one got to watch a crazy lady yell into a cardboard box whilst I was waiting for my turn at the drive thru
Love there coffee they know how I like it.Great customer service and great people. Nice and quiet so I can get my work Completed. Fast service
This place has terrible service I waited for 45 for a pizza. Do not come here. We were fairly optimistic for the price stepping in but boy were we in for a surprise. We order a large pizza and the cashier informed us it would take 13 minutes. As you already know they were wrong. The place has little seating and is flat out reckless in the back. There was banging and tomfoolery going on back there and it was not professional. Stay away!
AWESOME PIZZA! Reminds me of growing up in East Orange, NJ. Delicious! Perfect sauce, perfect cheese and a perfectly crunchy outside, soft inside crust. I'd recommend Tony's all day. Either location is terrific.
Leuke Ierse pub! Met live muziek.Het wordt druk bezocht door vaste klanten en toeristen. Je kan hier ook eten, maar dat hebben wij (nog) niet gedaan.'S middags is het wat rustiger en heel fijn om biertje te drinken met goed gesprek.Rond etenstijd erg druk en 's avonds met live muziek gezellige drukte.
Great venison burger and wonderful atmosphere! Nice Irish pub in Scotland.Enjoyed more than a few times while staying at the adjoining hotel.
This bike path is awesome I really enjoy riding it! Went 18miles on it today. I would recommend this path to anyone looking for a nice place to ride with minimal need of hitting your beaks to stop.
The beef noodle is terrible. It is fake beef noodle. The soup of beef noodle taste like adding too much water.
service sucks and the food sucks. I don't recommend this restaurant at all. I would never eat here again.
It's stupendous for all day dim sum, noodles, and so much more! Manager Chris was very accommodating.  I often dine alone and prefer to sit at a bar when available. Unfortunately, the bar server had gone home so the bar was closed but the manager made an exception for me and gave me 1st choice.  Thanks!
Great food, great staff, a must to stop while in Vegas!!! Most all items are made from scratch and the owner is a wealth of fascinating knowledge and facts. Talking with him during our breakfast was a delight!
Great food & service!  Such nice people.  I would definitely come back!!  The food was very tasty. The service was fabulous. Everyone is so nice that works there. Even the people coming in to eat were friendly. There is free wi-fi to have a business lunch. I did work after lunch while I was there & enjoyed a delicious brownie. I will come back & bring friends.
Great service and delicious food. Cool atmosphere and friendly people.  The hash browns were delicious. Definitely worth the short drive from the strip to visit.
Chicken fried steak and eggs rocks!!!!!!!  Service was excellent. Very attentive. Portions were big and prices were fair. Location was easily accessible with plenty of parking. Restaurant was clean and coffee delicious. We loved it. Great weekend breakfast spot.
All I can say is order the chicken fried steak. Very good gravy.  Service is excellent here too.
Ordered the French toast, chicken fried steak and the biscuits and gravy. They all came out pretty quickly and in large portions. We were famished when we came in and left completely stuffed. Believe the Yelp Hype. This place ROCKS!!!
Great Gravy and Fun Staff. Worth braving the heat and leaving the casino. It's better than home made
Great people, delicious food and wonderful service! Coffee tasted delicious too!Massive portions - breakfast all day!!! Place to be with you Ohana!
Yeah. Just go. It was great. Nick was friendly as hell. And a Michigander to boot.  Excellent food and service.
Very very good food ! I were there for breakfast. I eate the pancakes. A friend had the cheese omelettes with American cheese. We will come back.
Awesome food, super nice owner. Amazing chicken fried steak! Wife and I loved it, all our friends will def come back.
The best "Greek" omelette. Period!!! The best restaurant Owner... Period!!!The best staff!!!PERIOD!!!
Great breakfast and great staff. The Jenna wrap was so good. My husband wants to go back everyday while we are in town. Thanks for everything
Absolutely loved this place!We were there on our way back to Fresno! Very friendly and family oriented place. Food great, home made fresh and affordable! Would def visit them again! Ordered customized omelet and much more tasty food! Thanks
A+ as always! $3.00 Irish car bombs... Can't beat that, plus the awesome food! Been going here for years!
Food is delicious. Staff is friendly and helpful. Would recommend to friends :) prices are just right. Check it out if you haven't already. Wonderful!
As a British expat in AZ, I want to live in this place forever and ever I love you. Legitimately good English food, and the decor is perfectly put together.
Good, very good. Gravy is yum. Seats are a tad uncomfortable and I felt bad because there was only 2 servers but for the most part, pretty delicious.
Love this place. Been here many times, never disappointed.  If you are a picky eater and often get items off of a meal choice you may not be thrilled since they prepare the pastys well beforehand. However, they have a TON of different pastys so everyone should be able to find something.
Smelly, hot and miserable. Hotwire said this was a 4.5 star hotel- HA! What a lie?! They were seriously people protesting the awful health codes in this place. AVOID.
Nothing special about this place, I guess you get what you pay for. Seems like everything is broken here. My no smoking room smells like smoke.The Spa sucks and your kinda trapped in the hotel. Nasty Pop music playing all day long at the pool.
The staffs was rude and management doesn't seem to care. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
The remodel is on point. Favorite hotel by far. Loved the staff and that free cookie was the bees knees. I can't wait to stay again.
Good staff hotel is average, rooms ok. Should be cheapest Clean rooms elevator too fan from registration
Lots of lanes. Clean. Easy to access bar, and tables and slots downstairs in case you're still fighting the urge to gamble a little. This place rocks! And it's a great step away from the regular lounges and nightclubs.$1 games on week nights from midnight-6am. With $3 shoe rentals. Including Sundays.
If you really want to taste the real cuban food you have to try this place. Treat is the best, the owners are exceptional, born and raise cubans. Breakfast lunch or dinner always at your service, fast and tasty food!
Delicious burgers and awesome shakes, came here a few times, never had bad food. The price is reasonable, and the staffs are friendly.
Poor service and not prepared well.That is the review Don't need to say much moreSent steaks back 2 times.  And it is a steak placeEnough said
Nice atmosphere and delicious food!! A little pricey but worth it!  We ate here years ago and thought the same.  The wait staff is very attentive and there is always someone walking by to fill your water glass, etc.  Waitress seemed very knowledgeable about the menu and way to cook meat.  It wasn't that busy when we ate there.  Don't know how it is on busier nights.
Nice atmosphere and delicious food!! A little pricey but worth it!  Wait staff is very knowledgeable and very helpful.  We got there early and had a drink at the bar, then went to the table. It wasn't that busy, but got full very fast.  Nice sitting outside in the warmer season.
The hummus is soo delish, I am loving the cilantro jalapeño flavor lately the most but they are all great !! everything is always so fresh
Food is healthy and delicious. Staff is fast and friendly. We love coming here. Our favorites are the chicken pasta and the fish salad with strawberries and pineapple!
Great food and great service! We visit here often. My favorite is the spicy chicken lavish pizza, Greek salad, or the Philly chicken pita
Excellent breakfast burritos for under $4! Great horchata too. That's all I had, but I'm giving them 5 stars for these 2 items.
Authentic, fresh, relatively fast, clean! No stale lemons, good asada! Many Mexican places have lacked good taste and freshness, not Regio's! From a Mexican to others, it may be the same items but this place got the flavor!
I love Pita Jungle.  It has something for everyone and at a reasonable price!  Veggie-friendly, vegan-friendly, and carnivore friendly; Pita Jungle throws together clever Mediterranean recipes with a hip, modern flair.  My favorites are Lentil Fetoosh and 1000 Bean salad.  For the meat-eaters, I recommend any of their pitas or seafood dishes.
This place is great!! And always a challenge!Quick 30 minutes work out does the the trick!
Best Service on the planet. Always friendly and always fresh product. The drive thru  staff are always energetic and thoughtful.
Good food, great delivery service! I will definitely order from here again:) reliable fast and accurate delivery!!
Portions are huge! Food overall is great! The service is okay, they're friendly but could be a bit faster.
Best pizza in North Carolina!!After having moved from the suburbs of Philadelphia, I had a difficult time finding great pizza. Many places offer the title of best pizza in Charlotte, but only Tony's can actually back that title up.  Hand tossed crusts, sauce that's not from a jar, delicate mozzarella.....perfection!  I had tears in my eyes at first bite. I have since been back several times. Pizza is kind of pricey - a 17" "medium" goes for about $15. And they are missing out on a huge market by not offering specials. But hopefully those will come soon. Oh and try the garlic knots. They're breathtaking.
It's reopened!! New ownership! :)Granted, I was at "B-Dubs" once or twice before new ownership made its way, I am glad it's open again. It gives us, Surpris-ians, the ones stranded out in Surprise, AZ, another option for eating and drinking.Service still "meh." Sometimes, the waiters and waitresses hit it out of the ballpark amazing. Other days, the service can be slow. I can't complain too much because they gave our group free shots while we were waiting for our food to sample. This bribery I'm ashamed to say tends to win me over sometimes. Food is consistently good. The latest creations that I've tried are the Margarita wings and the Salted Caramel flavors. As one can imagine, low and behold, the margarita wings do taste like you've drank a margarita. Sorry, no buzz to be found, but the sweetness and saltiness definitely are familiar tastes. Same goes for the salted caramel. My friends gasped at the idea of me trying the salted caramel, screaming, "No, salted caramel belongs with dessert not chicken wings." Of course, I'd try it if someone tells me it's wrong. Survey says, "not bad." It's definitely worth a try. It still tastes barbecue and hickory accented, but there's just a bit of caramel poured into the sauce so a hint of sweet hits your palette. Not overwhelming at all.Last night, I took the ghost pepper wings, a large order of 20, home for my hubby to try. I was not trying to ruin his day, honestly. He loves spiciness and can hang with the toughest. He housed all 20 wings with no problem, even when the restaurant servers forgot to put ranch dressing in our to-go bag. Blast them for forgetting the ranch! It goes hand in hand like peanut butter and jelly! He said the wings were very hot and tasted good. Most of the time when foods are too spicy, you can't enjoy the flavor, but he said in this case, you could still have great flavor. He's uncertain whether if the wings were one of the spiciest he's ever had because he said it didn't have quite enough sauce. I guess we are going to have to go back and try again or you'll just have to find out for yourself.
Place for Chicagoans to go when they're homesick or want to watch a game.  The atmosphere here is what makes it a 4 instead of just a 3.  The Chicago sports memorabilia is EVERYWHERE!  There is even a stuffed bear here.  We came here for a few Blackhawks games as well as the Stanley Cup game.  The last time they won the cup I was on Clark St. in Chicago (ya know the street they show on the news after the win).  So I was not expecting the celebration that erupted at this place to be on par, but it really was!  Aside from the riots in the street it was just as exciting here at Hob Nob.I love the TV's at the booths, the projector and the fact that the same game is on every TV.  This is something I really have missed since moving to AZ.  There have literally been sports bars here that have refused to change the TV from girls softball to an NBA playoff game...uhh ok?  This place actually understands sports.They do lose a star for their lackluster menu.  Nothing on the menu is great.  It is all just OK.  The spinach dip and cheese curds are my best recommendations, but even those are pretty standard.  I say you definitely come here when there's a game on, but skip it for your dinner date.
We came tried fron being at the NASCAR race all day.  Great food and service!  Has everything for the whole family.
They have no men's shoe section. Really? Since this is the only reason we came here, that was a bust. I've been to this location on quite a few occasions and have never been that excited by their selection. It's a good place to browse, but I never end up finding that much to actually buy.
Good food, good service, fast, and clean. Worth giving it a try.. We'll definitely go back.
I would drive miles just to eat at Joeys.  Quality food!. Great staff! I love everything on the menu.
Don't come here if you're in a time crunch. And $25 for a mediocre-at-best sandwich and coke? I don't care if it is sit down. No thanks. Skip this place.
Worst place ever. They tell me 15 minutes later that they don't have what I ordered!!! Could the front person not know that right away? What kind of establishment is this?  Then they charged me again with my other orders and did not credit me properly with the first order they did not give me in the first place! Unbelievable!!! Stay away and avoid this place like a plague!!!! Zero star, no negative stars!!! Awful food and expensive!!!
Everything was amazing- food and service top notch! I had the scallops and my husband had the crab cakes. So delicious! Staff was fantastic and manager came out twice to make sure everything was good.
Showin' my school spirit!Cause that's how I roll. And this is the place to do it. Beautiful facility. Smaller than you may imagine but full of Badger pride!
Walnut shrimp was fantastic! Beef chow fun (flat noodles) was also very good. A kid friendly place with nice staff. Kids loved the egg tamago too.
Great resort!  Relaxing and great service!  Clean!  Enjoyed being able to go over to the Westin to use the larger pools and lazy river.  Would definitely stay here again!
All I need to say is "it worths every penny we spend!" Stay for the second time recently and both rooms have view of the beautiful Kierland Golf Club, also pending on which building you get to appreciate either the sunrise or sunset and the distant mountains.The rooms are well designed. We have one bedroom units which offer Plenty of room and well stocked mini kitchen. Ah! Love the beddings!!
Omg. This place is the best. The milkshakes will cure any bad day. I'm a regular.... And the staff is always nice.
My first visit here! Very serene and peaceful! One of the very few Hindu temples in Phoenix!
Ehhh it's ok bbq not the greatest worth trying if you like a dry rib . Nice place though good service
Love it here! Breakfast is the best. Great Customer service. Never walk out hungry. Prices are fair.
Best Mexican in town!!!!  They also have the most amazing salsa!!!  Great place for Mexican food!!!
Awesome food ! Best italian food I've ever had !! Great cook ! Staff was friendly ! The patio dining was very cozy and the bread was warm and fresh.
This post office might have the laziest carries on Saturday!!! Twice they have left a certified letter slip in the mailbox which needed a signature and they are to lazy to walk around the building to deliver it!!!
The food service is poor, the bar service is not much better.  I've tried this place several times and normally I leave thinking why do I come here. I guess it was location but now I go across the street!
Super helpful!!! Will come again for an electronic needs. Employees were very knowledgeable!!! Great experience
Fun place! Love the location! Only issue is that the lighting on the lane arrow is pretty much nonesistant but other than that I have no complaints.
The gal at the front desk is very nice. She informed me that she tried to get my files from my previous doctor at A woman's place. She faxed twice and called.. They still haven't sent them over. I'm so glad to be done with that place! It's so nice to deal with people that seem to actually care about you. The women working in the office are so important and I think a lot of times get over looked. This lady is a super stand out and deserves to be recognized. Dr. Keller has a lot of personality and definitely tells it like it is. I appreciate her frank attitude and felt very confident in her ability. I'll definitely be back to see her.
Get the warm chocolate chip lava cake..... Hands down amazing!!We were a large party and ended up getting seated before a lot of the small parties. It was great becuase we were the large party but it would have kinda of been a bummer had we been a smaller party. Either was it was great for us :)
, High quality service, excellent food. Ill be BACK. I love crab fest, waiter was on top of his game..
LOVE the food here and the staff is just as good! Lone of my fave hangouts! The Spinach Artichoke Dip is to die for. I also recommend the Chili Cheese Fries, Nachos and their sandwiches. The whole menu is delicious!
Good food and a good price. Service was great! Lots of places to sit and lots of food to eat. Good for families, also.
Shout out to Ashley.   Great bartender and server   You rock!  Never s bad meal.   Best bar food in town. Everything fresh
I'd highly recommend Pat's. Trustworthy service at a fair price(much lower than quoted elsewhere) without any up selling.
Good food Nice service Great Selection. Their Lunch price is good for the Quality and Selection they offer. The Pho and Fresh Basil is Great.
I love this place. Go here often. Never had any problems. Very good and fair price. The staff isnt the best but the food covers for it all. Very good!
Amazing service. Great servers!!! Food was delicious. Everything was just perfect. Waiter even made sure we had plenty of extra sides.
Fresh veges and wonderful meat, if you like noodles, don't order the rice.  You order rice before you go to put your food together.
They make their own roast beef and it's legit. Great sub (hero) good price.  Far from me, but will be back.
What's with the 4.5 stars ? Food is so mediocre ....I had fried rice omelet ( how could you messed this one up ) unevenly cooked,  taste terrible .
They are now open 7 days a week! Yippee!! ;)I've tried many Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas and this is by far the best. My husband and I have been to Big Island, Oahu, Maui, and Kauai and tried many restaurants. We even asked for their recommendations before traveling to Hawaii and tried the places they told us to go to, and while we were in HI we both said we like Island Flavor more! So far I have not had a bad meal here. Teriyaki chicken is good (and this is something I never order anywhere but I like theirs). Korean short ribs, roast pork, loco moco, katsu, and my favorite is the Poke Salad with raw poke. I like the wontons, purple yam, tomatoes, cucumber, and sesame dressing! Unfortunately, the price has gone up because of the cost of tuna over the years making it an expensive dish, but still good quality nonetheless. The staff is pretty friendly here and the one time my poke was not made correctly (too spicy and way too much sauce) they were more than willing to correct it for me. We always get a seat when we go, but if you go on a Friday night expect a wait. There was live music and dancing when we went on a Friday night.
Service is bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Especially the cashier!!!!!!!!!!! The girl gave bad looks while I was ordering, and she purposely/intentionally took the orders of 3 customers who werent there yet when I arrived... She constantly interrupts my ordering while continuously prioritizing other customers who just got in. Very rude!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome food! Recommend this to anyone and quality is great! Guava cake was brilliant and loco moco, ask for gravy on the side because it's sort of overwhelming with their gravy. service has always been pretty prompt even when picking up. Korean chicken wings are off the hook, truly recommend on those bad boys!
Excellent great Hawaiian food and period!!!!!!If u don't believe me ask ABE!One dish is Food for 2 and some on tha portions!
Great food, generous servings, and live Hawaiian bands come and play on some days. I recommend the chicken katsu and garlic chicken.
Super delicious food!!! Friendly staff.. My new favorite place. I love the furikake chicken and kalbi, per order is good for two person, just depends how you eat
Great food, great service. Highly recommend it. The wait is worth the delicious food. This place never disappoints.
Awesome. Best Hawaiian food I've ever eaten and great portions for the price. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu
I'm starting to love this place. It's a far cry from my time in China but the flavors are good and they are on point with orders. I always get a little sushi and decent I will say.  But like America decent, not like Japan decent.  Also, I always get Lo-Mein because I'm white but here it is FANTASTIC. So greasy but SO delicious!
Excellent food, service, and prices!! I love their house rice and their sushi dishes.
Great food for the price.  Best sushi around in my opinion.  Great for dinner or lunch.
I love the food here. Everything ive tried is amazing. I love the hot and sour soup the chicken and veggies with brown souce.
Great supreme nachos!  I was impressed with the amount of meat and things they piled on the nachos most places skimp on the toppings they don't. For my entree  I ordered the Mexican Pork BBQ which was solid nothing amazing but good.  I didn't eat alot of it because I was so full from the nachos.  You get all you can eat nachos and salsa with your meal.
Awesome brunch option! Will go back for dinner for sure! Came here with the whole fam and everyone was impressed. I'm not a huge brunch guy (we went for lunch) but when I looked at the brunch menu I was intrigued...and I'm glad I tried it...really cool twist on eggs Benedict with Arepas in place of the English muffins. Can't explain how good this was. Kids had lunch quesadillas and wife had a Chimichanga everything was awesome...we'll be back for sure.
The service is pretty rude, but the food is very good. The garlic chicken and fried rice is always a favorite for us. Every time we have called, however the people on the other end have never been pleasant, to say the least. Honestly, it's a good thing their food is so good, otherwise we would have moved on after the first go around.
Great for hole in the wall Chinese restaurant slightly bias as i really do like them.  Lunch is great you pay very little for a lot of food.  I have two bowls and a huge plat for 6$!!  Ever place like this i grade the pork fried rice. And this place does it right
Food used to be better definitely has gone down hill. Service could be better the only nice clerk is Adrian
These guys are great.  They know their stuff and give great service!  I feel 100% confident that Organic Living/Eco Clean is  providing the best products and best service in the market for this type of lifestyle.  You will not be disappointed!
Don't bring chocoholics here or you'll go broke. This venue is set up pretty well. boutiques are placed around the library with the chocolate vendors. Small carnival rides to the east of the library & also north on the same street. Food vendors to the north with all your carney favorites. Down the street (within walking distance of course) beer & music. The Glendale chocolate festival is a great way to spend a couple hours in the day enjoying food & the earth of the sun on your face. unless you go at night of course, lol. Plenty of Antique stores around the venue & even a little mini venue just a block east of the chocolate festival. Like a garage sale/mini swap meet you'll find old & new here. If you love chocolate well then make a point to stop by & fill your desires!
I have been visiting this place for 5 years or more!! And still love it!! Can't wait for Thursdays happy hrs!! 3 $ steins, and the basket of fries is always crispy...but my fave... Hot buffalo Chx wings, only flats w extra sauce...love the vine!! Plus they always have awesome service! Everytime we go its awesome!
Delicious food and always very kind people working here. I recommend it for sure! Order extra bread! It's so good that you can't have just one.
Save your $$ and don't valet - huge self-parking lot to the east!Love this venue - it seems to always be packed, which is a good sign. They had a live band on Friday night which was fun. Seating/tables are scarce - I suggest coming a little early - or make friends w/ppl who already have a table.Drinks are a bit pricy, IMO. I mean $36 for a dbl Gray Goose/Cran and Cosmo?? Plus I threw in $3 for a tip - that's $40!!!! JeezBathrooms are also clean - this is very important to me. They may want to think about getting better signage for restrooms - maybe it's just me, but I felt it was a small treasure hunt finding the place.
The curry fried rice w/ cashews!! OMG! Love this place!! Red curry chicken was great!We will definitely be back soon!!
One of my favorite restaurants.  Delicious food, friendly staff.  We love eating here.
Muy mala la comida. El peor buffet que he ido. Tiene comida variada pero tiene sabor a comida recalentada y vieja
They've changed a lot since the evolution from Kaib's into BT. The menu is way different and the prices went up, but the food is still good and everyone is still nicer here than another similar establishment located on Shiloh...Wing flavor menu is HUGE now! Huge and delicious. I loved the wings when it was only 4 flavors to choose from, and I love them even more that they got creative with them and made about 30 more. Also, tons more beers to choose from. And clean fresh lines in their tap system.They're putting in an outdoor patio soon and I'm pretty sure it should be ready for summer '12. Since I live about a block away, I'm sure ill be spending a lot more time there once they have the outdoor spot. I'm a sucker for a good patio.My one gripe is they only had beer battered fries for about a month when they first switched over. That was enough to make me fall in love with them, then they took them away and I've been whiney about it ever since. Need those damn fries back in my life
Great food,  great drinks,  friendly staff.   A lot of fun nights at the BT.  This has been my choice hangout for about 3 years now and sometimes the crowd changes but I always manage to know at least one or two folks in the crowd.   They recently redid the menu and killed it.  Great hangout for a group of friends,  quick bite for lunch or after work and be sure to cure your Saturday hangover on Sunday morning with Kellys Bloody Mary.
The bartenders were very friendly and the wings were amazing! Very good beer selection and a cool, tavern atmosphere.
Seafood pho was amazing !!!!!! I will definitely eat here more often. Portion size was huge . When I walked in to pick up my food the place smelt like heaven
So so food. Atmosphere was good. No Canadian credit cards . I thought the prices were ok.
Fantastic pizza.  Got take out tonight was absolutely delicious.  With most pizzas I eat there are a few qualities I look for bread toppings cheese etc.  today it was a little plain pie.  Zest sauce, awesome cheese, and bread similar to my fav spot in ny.
The Santa Fe Benedict rocks ! Honestly this is the only thing ( besides Bacon) that I ever order here. Who can say no to thick cut apple wood smoked bacon REALLY .Don't be afraid of the Santa Fe Benedict description, it is flavorful NOT spicy.  The cornbread bottoms have a hint of Jalapeno and the sauce has just a hint of spice. It is truly a desert classic.  The dog friendly patio is a plus. And the mountain views are to die for.  You can grab a quick hike or horseback ride right around the corner. It's a really neat little neighbohood place
Love this place! Awesome food and great customer service.. I had the steak and eggs and it was pretty good. There is nothing bad to say about this place!
Just got into town and found this place on yelp.  Great omelettes, staff and views!  I highly recommend it!
Meh. MSG overload. Cheap and mediocre food. What really annoyed me was the waiter who threw the piece of paper  and walked away without telling what to do with it. It was to place your order in it. The food is nothing special, boring.
Wonderful customer service... Joy's staff really goes the extra mile! Have all my business with State Farm and am very pleased with my experience!
Great food, slow service. We got seated at 4:30, which was early when it wasn't busy. We ordered quickly, and food was served at 5:40. All of our service was slow (water, bread, salad). Chicken parm and chicken Alfredo were excellent, and cannoli was yummy!!  Family owned and run. Owner was friendly and great. I think we just got an awkward waiter, who was actually the owner's son who let us know he was hung over from his bday the night before. Loved the location and food! Slow service and food delivery really makes me want to give it 3 stars, but the food deserves 5 stars. I've been to Italy and truly enjoyed the authentic this Italian! Definitely go to Baci, but don't be in a hurry.
Great Italian Food! Nice atmosphere! Great service and food! It is in the middle of no where, but it sure is worth the drive!
The food is great! Large portions. Delicious! My husband always wants to eat here. It's a bit of a drive but worth it.
The Tempe location is a great central location for clubs:)   I had great service, and the room was very modern and comfortable.   There is also a Starbucks and some places to get something to eat right across the street.   The bar also was pretty nice in the downstairs area, I was able to get a drink while waiting for my cab.  The bartender was very helpful at recommending places to see.
Poor selection of products. Location is convenient.The Chandler (Ray Rd and Priest) store has a better selection of products
The smell there is overwhelming... not stinky but sweet soapy-like.Very friendly employees, though. A great place for gift shopping.
Erin is awesome, totally helped me find great things and educated us on all the goodies that me and my cousin picked up! While some other round mexican chick with very messy hair on the other hand was very pushy to make quick sales... So like every place there's some good and bad everywhere. Love this location though compared to the one in San Francisco this is way more spacious and gives more breathing room.
Best. Smoothies. EVER. More places should have them!! I highly recommend the razzmatazz smoothie it is a nice blend of berries and citrus fruits! I wish it was located more conveniently it is located on campus which is good for students just not everyone else but the smoothies are worth it!
No longer open in the sun coast casino!!!Closed for monthsHow can this been on yelp. Incorrect info!!'
Burnt ends and rib tips are to crave for! Go early to queue. Their cornbread has some pulled pork inside and it tastes nice!
Love love love anything from Black Dog. Not once have they let me down. I could live off the pulled pork and corn bread.
Service was really good, but I wasn't impressed with the food at all. It was very crowded, people were waiting and standing at my table it was very uncomfortable. Great service though!
smoke duck is running out pretty soon on Thursday night. The service here is very nice.
Check out my check in post it says it all.They need to clean the place and kill the flies...they bite!
The Fire-Roasted Soup and Half Sandwich is a perfectly sized meal that satisfies without over-filled bloated feeling... Elizabeth and I have eaten here at least a dozen times and it is one of our favorite places in Gilbert.  The sandwiches are well made with very fresh ingredients and despite the cafeteria line-up, the service is quite friendly and very accommodating.  I like the turkey bacon club, and their selection of multiple iced tea types and flavors is always a joy to partake of.  Although I generally prefer dining indoors, the outside patio is fairly comfortable and south facing so you will need the umbrellas for shade most of the time.  It is difficult to go wrong with any Paradise Bakery location, but this one is exceptionally nice and I highly recommend it.
If you are from a different part of the U.S. you will know this place as Panera Bread. These places are awesome! We always loved going to Panera Bread in other places of the U.S. we were very happy when we found out that this was basically the same place. If you are looking for some really good fresh food this is the place for you. The staff here was very nice and the establishment was very well kept and clean. We will definitely be back here a few more times before we leave for our next location.
Friendliest Dutch Bros in the business. These guys and gals have always treated my wife and I like friends. The drinks are always tasty, and if I can't decide what to drink they never disappoint on thr surprise drinks.
Ok service and overall product, however overpriced for what you get. I wish they were more helpful on what nail colors they have. Plus they could use OPI brand
The beer in this place is very cold...and the bartenders are very cute and sweet!  This place is my fix after a long day at work.  If you want really good service just sit at the bar...they are very attentive!!
Been here a few times for a local book club. Atmosphere is nice and food is good. I'd recommend giving it a try.
Gorgeous units! Check in is behind flamingo. These units are super nice but hardly ever available.  The unit I stayed in was a 1 bedroom unit and it came equipped with a bar, breakfast area, dining area, full kitchen, living room, 1.5 bathrooms, a nice jacuzzi tub, and most units have a view of the new ferris wheel or the flamingo gardens and pool area.  Very well kept and updated with granite. Front desk staff were really nice and the gift shop is very reasonably priced compared to the rest of strip.  they have great snacks and very friendly workers too.  just a few steps outside to the door to the flamingo for the nearest casino and restaurants. you can't charge the gift shops from the flamingo to your room but you can the restaurants.
This is a good village inn, clean with good food and service, I come here often. Free slice of pie on wednesdays.
Good food,  not too much on the personality side!  I highly recommend this place!   Thank goodness it is a takeout!!  In your house, you will enjoy it thoroughly!
Authentic, local, awesome!Everything a true food enthusiast can ask for- the food is innovative, yet still real; healthy and delicious. I have a football-player appetite so I ordered the kale salad which was fresh and bright, the venison tartar French style- perfection!, and the venison sausage with some kind of slaw perhaps- a perfect dynamically contrasted masterpiece!  I can only hope for the opportunity to return, soon!
Hurry happy hour ends at 7!  Great food and drinks!!!  design your own imperial black/tan... i MADE a Guiness/Kiltlifter....YUMMY.  Best Seared Ahi Tuna I have had to date...
They have great burgers and sandwiches. Definitely a place to come back to. Not too much parking around that isn't an hour parking.
Great food and very friendly staff. A for sure if you are in the area. We ate here multiple times during our visit. Thank you.
Stayed 2 nights.  Very clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommended!!   I will gladly stay at any Comfort Suite in the future.
I love the sweet smell of the Aria and the fancy remote controls in the rooms don't hurt.
Very cool, high tech rooms!  Stayed here last June on a business trip that was for a conference being held in the Aria.  I was very impressed with the tech in the rooms.  When you first walk in, the lights come up slowly, the curtains open and the TV comes to life.  It has a very Starship Enterprise feel about it.  As you would expect in a new, top-end, Vegas hotel, the bed was very comfortable and the towels were plush and nice.  I didn't have any need to talk with the staff, so I can't comment on some of the bad experiences others had.  My check-in was quick and courteous, though.Overall, I would go back if it were a business trip but on my own dime I'd probably stay elsewhere.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. It's soooo gorgeous. Did not stay here this time.  Came in off the street to check the place out.  It has a quite large casino area with very high ceilings  Someday when I come back here I'll definitely stay here.  It just so beautiful and I'm sure the rooms are just urber fab fab.
This hotel is Sadly going downhill. Attention to detail is lacking. I blame management for not insisting on higher standards. It'll be losing its place among elite hotels soon if it continues. I won't be back. In fact I contracted a bacterial stomach infection from their buffet!! Awful.
The best place on earth or the closet to that.
The best hotel ever. Clean , modern, up to date, beautiful, and worth every penny.This hotel is in the perfect place on the strip AMD is amazing. Jaw dropping from the gate.
poor waitress service in the casino!! bad!!!You have to wait sooo long that you can't have fun drinking and gambling. Oh and we got a lame excuse from the waitress boss!! Oh they have a large area!!! Ahhh we come to gamble and have fun so we went to the lift bar and BUY our drinks.  I guess if your not a HIGH ROLLER you don't matter!! Well I'm done with this hotel, will try out the Venetian Hotel check them out!!By the way we are hotel guests!!!
Fantastic hotel with fantastic service. The rooms are very clean, quiet and high tech for convenience.
Will definitely be back and will highly recommend to all my family and friends. The limo driver who picked us up at the airport, the person who checked us in and every staff member we encountered, have all been helpful and exceptional!
Small pool, inconsistent service, overpriced under quality spa, and watch your bill for incorrect charges.I got a full set of gel acrylics at the spa. They were all peeling or broken off within 2 days.  Waste of money and time.
Clean and modern love it. Great service as well. A friend of ours had booked a room in advanced, however they gave us the wrong room number twice! After the third time, the receptionist proceeded to give us an upgraded suite with a kitchen, 1.5 bathrooms, a bedroom, and a pull out bed from the couch. The hotel itself was very clean and I felt like a million bucks walking down the hallway. Valet parking only, so be prepared to tip when picking up your cars. Close to the Cosmopolitan, and moderately still close to the strip. Wifi was included for our room! Tons of mirrors everywhere, allowing us to get ready without any crowding. Would definitely come back again.
Ask for a high floor, the view is amazing. This a beautiful hotel. Wonderful bed, clean very modern. There is a small kitchen in each room but you have to call down to get plates and silverware. ( I get it people steal) what really got me was no coffee maker in the room.  When I called for one, I was told that they ran out.  Come on that is lame. If you're going to pay the prices for this type of room you can go out and get me a coffee maker.  Would I stay her again?  Maybe, I like my coffee.
Excellent room service! 4.5/5!This is my 3rd time staying at this hotel and I still love staying here!Absolutely love the interior design; very modernize, sleek, and simple. I personally don't like interior design to be TOO colorful, and too much things going on at the same time. The room is very new and Vdara had maintained the room very nice and clean. It's a non-smoking hotel, so for those anti-cigs ppl, this should be your first choice if you're planning to visit vegas. This time I've also tried the room service( since i went during the thanksgiving weekend, everywhere is SO PACKED.... :\)We ordered 2 entree and 2 appetizers; it took them 30 minutes to deliver it to my room, not too bad huh?The food was delicious! we had chicken quasadilla, french onion soup, chicken sandwich with fries, and shrimp and pork penne. the presentation and the flavor were flawless. and total only cost us around 70ish dollars. I guess its not TOO expensive for room service?One more thing, me and my girl got too drunk on the last night at vegas :p, and we wanted to request a late check out. So they gave us one extra hour (till 12pm), without any extra charge :D I guess Vdara does try their best to make you have a wonderful experience while you stay with them. The ONLY cons i dont like about this hotel is that it doesnt have a casino at the first floor. So if you want to gamble you would need to go to either Aria, which located right next to Vdara; or you will need to go on the strip.
OMG! 2 beautiful for words 2 describe. Brand new shiny,sleek & modern...City Center in Vegas is a marvelous Gem. OK, we'll stay 4 2 nitesElevator system is stupid and annoying.The LOBBY is on the 23rd floor.You can NOT enter hotel and get on elevator and go to your room???You mUst FIRST take ONE set of elevators to the 23rd floor lobby , then CHANGE to a new bank of elevators and then go to your room floor.To go DOWN....you need to go UP FIRST to 23rd floor....CRAZY---who does that??Lovely place, but I will NOT returnBEWARE $30 valet overnight???Aria is FREEY pay??
Service. Service. Service.This hotel is above all others when it comes to service. Every single employee knew my name and that it was my b-day. They go above and beyond. All class.
Hanged out here in May 2013.  Incredibly lush, amazing service and superbly clean! When money is no object this is the place to stay.
Perfect.   It's exactly what I think of when I think of Chinese food. The staff is friendly and they serve the food quickly.  It's never crowded.  Clean and the food is prepared how Chinese food should be.  I hate soggy general tso's and this place had the crunchy fresh General tso's.  I'm going here weekly.
19.95 lunch and 22.95 dinner all u can eatWe decided to check this place out because it came to us recommended by a friend. It's not too expensive being 22.95 all you can eat but on the menu it warns you to order little by little (but being super excited we didn't notice that and ordered a bunch all at once). The menu also informs you that if you don't finish your sushi (including the rice), they'll charge you for the whole roll. That kinda annoyed me but we were able to finish it thanks to having guys with us haha. With that 22.95 rate, you can order anything you want from a lengthy menu that includes skewers, dessert (ice cream), nigiris, and specialty rolls and more. So that gives you a lot of things to choose from but it wasn't the best quality of sushi. It was only so-so.
The All you can eat sushi is $24.99 for dinner and has so much to offer. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a good sushi spot in Chinatown. The service is OUTSTANDING here! The waiter and sushi chef were extremely fast and polite. Wonderful menu with lots of yummy choices even one or two items for those of you who are vegetarian. The food comes fast and tastes great! The restaurant is hidden in a strip mall off of Spring Mountain so keep you're eyes open. 5 stars for sure.
Always busy but great sushi. All you can eat for $25. Service is not really fast but always friendly.
Love the Sushi always fresh!! When our clie ts are asking for a good place to eat sushi, I always recomend this place!
excellent service!! food was great!!! This is my second time here and came with a big group the first time. Kaya accommodated our group in their back room.
Service was fast and everything tasted great. The dynamite was a small portion that was delicious and not so filling. All you can eat for lunch is only $20. None of the rolls really caught my eye but the appetizers were all awesome. Will definitely go back
This place is da bomb and if anyone says otherwise they're taste buds must be fakd. They said my review was too short so its 10/17/15. And I'm waiting on them to have space. And I'm jelly of everyone ahead of me.
Jayden was awesome!!!! Was great throughout the whole time we were there , very patient and very caring for our table!
Great service...had a birthday party and they were very accommodating! Happy hour 3 - 6pm. Food is excellent...order duck tacos tapas!
Happy hour mini duck tacos amazingMy new favorite.  Give them a try. Outside patio on a sunny afternoon.  The happy hour beer and wine specials.
Love this place because this is the closet to what I enjoy back home in Hawaii. It doesn't taste as fresh as Hawaii but it still good to me.
It's basically a store front, there's no seating, but they seem to love offering you samples. Great for sushi parties, and if you've never had one, throw one, they're awesome!
Excellent poke! Fresh and delicious! I love this place! I would highly recommend it. I just wish it was closer to my house!
Their poke reminds me a lot of back home in Hawaii. I love the spicy ahi. They also have a variety of dry and frozen products from Hawaii too which is good so you don't have to look far if your looking for some Hawaii snacks for example. But by far the best poke place in Las Vegas.
Our second time. Staff friendly, has inside and outside seating. Great selection of wines, 45 by glass over a 1000 by bottle.Great selection of food, quiche is good, hummus and cheese plate good. They do serve red meat for burger lovers.
Iove the food but hate the wait. That's the only thing that keeps us from going. Other than that, our family enjoys this place but you really need to carve out some time if your goal is to have the meal cooked at the table.
Where gamblers go to die or loose their teeth. Went in on a Friday late night because we saw it from the street and needed to use the restroom, it was a ghost town! Maybe 15 people at the slots. No open tables. Bar was the of caliber you should only get bottled or canned drinks. On the plus they has some cheap bowling!
Best barber in all the land! Hot towels, straight razors, cool barbers. Place is legit .
So fresh and so clean..clean! I've had many hair cuts, but Elliot hooks it up. His services are just a step above the rest. There is big difference between some one with passion for their profession versus someone just trying to collect another paycheck. Keep up the good work my man!
The best hair cuts around. My boys haircuts are always on point. Elliot is the best of the best and even when we can't get in with him  (we're always last minute - our fault that's how we roll lol) we've never been disappointed. I wouldn't take my boys anywhere else!
This place sucks waited 20 mins  never got any service  finally just left.im not hard to please but this place is a joke!!!
Why do hikers assume its better to leave your dogs poop in a plastic bag on the trail than to just leave the poop? They never return to claim their poop bags.argh, i don't mean to complain. this is a lovely park right in our great city. the trail head off shea and 40th (i think it's 40th) usually has plenty of parking and if not, you can park in certain areas along the road. there are bathrooms and water at the trail head. it's a horse/hiker/biker friendly trail and it's normally packed every sat and sun. I rode my standard Trail 100 from the lot to 7th street and back. with side trails off 100, you can make it as easy or as difficult as you want. getting hot and the snakes are out. be careful!
Good food and pretty quick. Had the quesadilla and my wife had the crab cakes. Both were very good, though the crab cakes may not be very filling. Tons of chips with the chips and salsa.  Solid pick if you have a little extra time and want to sit down for a bit.
The staff was very friendly but the food was even better. Great flavors! You would love this place!
Great service and great seafood! All u can eat deals are completely worth it. Love the snow crabs on Tuesdays . Also the jambalaya is good.
Delicious burger and shake! I highly recommend it! It was a bit chilly sitting outside but they had a couple heaters to keep us warm.
The people are nice the food is great my favorite is the grilled cheese and friesThey Also allow Dogs on their back patio not sure if anyone knows that because I never see any there
Easily my favorite Filipino restaurant ever of all-time hands down. Their prices are reasonable for exceptional food and drinks. Has a well stocked bar, plenty of TVs. This a great place for event dinners as well. The staff is very generous and easy to talk to. Most places have pros and cons, this restaurant the exception for having all pros. If you try this place then I'd expect to see a review similar to this.
Just moved back to the Phoenix area from Dallas and looking for Filipino food.  Just ate there tonight! Great tasting food and the Halo halo was excellent!
field good, food good, employees hospitable, horrible parking!!!!!  horrible!!!!!  Get there early if you don't want to get stuck in that terrible lot.  When you leave don't plan on heading north.  Not such a great neighborhood you are guided into either.  Peoria sports complex so much better.
Not the best coffee but they have lots of seats and a good view of Lake Monona. Nice place to work on your laptop or simply read a book.
This place is awesome. Great good. Staff is terrific. Great spot for a lunch or dinner date.
You have to try the Red Velvet Cheesecake. It's unbelievable! The service is ok. The food is hit or miss.  Really only go back repeatedly for he cheesecake!
Service and food was good. I really enjoyed the burrito and strawberry cheesecake. Highly recommend it!
Always enjoyable here plus Mojito's. Gonna be fish and chips tonight and thai lettuce wraps it is.
Omg meatloaf and mash potatoes.  They weren't hot, sent back, and the returned plate the plate was hotter than the food.  Truly disappointed.
Great food great drinks but food took a little longer than normal, but we got a free cheesecake Manager very nice, came to our table and offer a free desert....
Best show in Vegas. No matter how many timesStart at 11amEvery 30 minDifferent compositionGet a seat at Patio Mon Ami Gabi for a great viewDinner at Paris Eiffel Tower for a better viewYou are always amazed
Beau spectacle... Gratuit ce qui est rare à Vegas,  tous les 1/4 d'heure après 20hAttention beaucoup de monde,  ne pas hésiter à attendre le suivant pour bien voir
Check-in Quick Tip: Still a line 30 min before closing. Crazy!It was the last night we had in Vegas, and amazingly we did not go to any buffets. Actually, I don't think I've been to a buffet in a REALLY long time, but boyfriend suggested we go to this one with my brother and his fiance.I looked it up on Yelp since we weren't 100% sure where this was located, and I read the reviews and was sold. I told my brother's fiance about it and she was quite interested in it as well. At about 9pm (we called earlier and found out they close at 10pm), we drove out to Henderson and were a little bit worried we wouldn't make it in time to eat. We didn't think there would be such a long line, but lo and behold...there wasn't, but a line there still was. The cashier told us that the food would stop being served at 1030pm, which wasn't too bad since it was roughly around 930. We just needed to get our buttocks in there to begin feasting. My brother told us he was going to stack plates with food and create his own buffet line at our table. And he was so not kidding because that's exactly what he did lolThe buffet spot looks amazing. It's spaced out with huge TV's located near the entrance, and the all you can drink beer and wine was totally awesome. Granted I didn't take advantage of that, but the idea itself is pretty cool. The boyfriend went nuts with the root beer hahaEvery dish I tasted was fresh. The shrimp cocktails, the baked mussels, the cheese tortellini; they even had chicken ADOBO! Omg, for buffet food....that was pretty damn good. chicken was so tender and so flavorful (is that a word?). The chow mein didn't taste as oily as some other places, and the sushi was pretty decent. It didn't fall apart as you were putting it into your mouth, nor was it too big that it couldn't fit into it.I would definitely come back to this buffet place, and i hope that all the hype it may be getting from other folks doesn't cause others' expectations to become extremely high. Just know that it's good, and worth the price. Just go there expecting a long line, but realize that it's worth it. :)
This is hands-down the Best Buffet in Vegas!  On weekends--Friday Saturday and Sunday--Studio B has a Seafood Buffet, and for the same price that you're paying for The Buffet at The Wynn ($43 with tax on weekend), you get much, much more value.Why is Studio B better than The Buffet at The Wynn?  Here's a few reasons why:- Quality is much better than the Wynn buffet.  Overall, the meat & food quality is better at Studio B.- More Variety: Studio B has a much more variety of dishes for you to choose from.- Unlimited Beer & Wine: yep, one of the things I love about this place is that they serve unlimited All-You-Can-Drink beer & wine as part of your buffet meal that you've already paid for.  At the Wynn buffet, you'll have to buy beer or wine separately.The thing I love most of about this buffet is that they have raw oysters.  (see photo)  Yum...unlimited raw oysters!  I must have had over 35 raw oysters, which could have easily costed me $50 right there.  The oysters, however, weren't as fresh as I'd like them to be.  They come out somewhat fresh...but at least fresh enough to be good to eat.  But you'll have to pick them out individually from the buffet tray.  Add a nice squeeze of lemon and maybe a touch of cocktail sauce and you should be good.  It's still good, and above all a great value for what you're paying.I also had Alaskan Crab Legs, which was very good. (see photo)  The hot butter sauce here has a nice little touch of sweetness to it that complements crab legs and brings out the taste of meat pretty well.  The slightly sweeter sauce is much better than the sauce at the Wynn buffet, which is just plain butter sauce.  The Alaskan Crab Legs quality was about the same here at Studio B and The Buffet at The Wynn.We also picked up a plate of Crawfish (see photo).  I'd have to say that this was my only disappointment.  The Crawfish, unfortunately, wasn't fresh.  Instead, it was frozen.  It definitely makes a big difference in taste, but I can't really complain for the price I'm paying for this buffet and for what I'm already getting.  I guess we'll stick to The Boiling Crab in So Cal for crawfish.  So far that's the best place for it (as far as I know).The Prime Rib was good as well.  The meat quality at Studio B seems to be a little better than the meat quality at The Buffet (at The Wynn).  The meat is more moist and juicy.  The prime rib I had at The Buffet seemed a slightly dry.  It was still ok, but it was a little dryer than Studio B's prime rib.Everything else here was great!  They have such a great variety of food here, and the quality of everything is also great!  You really do get a good bang out of your buck here at Studio B, and I'd recommend this place to anyone....so far, this is the overall + seafood buffet in Vegas! :)
This is always a go to when I'm in Las Vegas.  If you want lunch/dinner get here before 2:30pm so you pay lunch prices but get dinner food items!!!
Get the Prime Rib first, very tender, melts in your mouth.  Their desserts are amazing. ESpecially the crepes, creme brulee, and the ice cream.   What not to get: buffalo chicken sliders, and korean Short ribsWhat a steal.  $15.99 for lunch on weekday.  and it comes with complimentary beer, wine, and latte, etc.    The beer does fill you up though
my fav buffet in vegas. however, sometimes the quality is not as great. The seafood section can be more fresh if possible. but overall, it's still a great deal compared to other buffets.
Good value lots of localsI think the Seafood buffet was not that great but the food is good on any of their other parts.  Ice cream is very good, Lunch is my favorite here, also there is beer and wine.Tail soup is delicious, sometimes they have lamb and great prime rib.Get Sambucca in your Cappucino and a shot on the side.
One of the best buffets in Las Vegas.  Prime rib and crab legs are a must. Great food!
They always do a great job for us. Great pizza and an attentive staff. Their options are great too. This app says my review is too short, so I'm making it a little bit longer. It's just pizza, but sooooooooooo good.
Free buffet with your players card . Worth 80 $ for 2 people. Love it.  :)rooms here are so beautiful and big .  got an offer for 2 free night , 2 free buffet and 25 $ free play .love it here .
Great hotel and service. Amazing food at Anthony's. They offer a California discount (30%) which is really generous. If you want a  awesome vegas room without staying on the strip and want to avoid the crowds stay here!
Best place for donuts hands down! The staff is very friendly and the donuts are huge :-)
No complaints here! Fresh, fast and a variety of flavors. Friendly staff. Gotta get here early though because once they're out of donuts they're out till the next day. Prices are higher than dunkin down the street but the donuts here are bigger, tastier and more fresh. You get what you pay for; I've never liked Dunkin much anyway to be honest.
So amazing. This place is great.Donuts just melt in your mouth. Pretty busy in the mornings and CRAZY busy weekends.
Great selection, quality and friendly place.  The specials are great value, the steaks are awesome as well.  I ate ther 5 times on a business trip I liked it so much.
No thank have a nice day I guess....just close the window and let me guess this transaction is over..
Always have a good selection. Crab night is the night to go. All you can eat. Everyone is always friendly and the staff is quick.
Amazing coffee! It's fresh and the people there are nice. They have a wide variety of drinks not just coffee which is nice. And not overly priced.
They have trivia night! Jackpot! Great ORGANIC coffee and awesome atmosphere. Patio is awesome they keep it cool with their plethora of misters but wet.
Cute establishment and neat patio seating. Inside is a bit small and coffee was ok. Great location to grab a coffee while you wait for your reservation at the nearby restaurants.
As always very good food! Never a bad item! The hot and sour soup was fantastic and the Chang's spicey chicken was delicious!
Authentic French cafe...total hidden gem! The ratatouille with goat chews crepe was amazing as was the chocolate desert crepe.
We loved it so much we had lunch here twice in our 3-day stay!Try the Rosemary gnocchi, it's awesome. Their specials are delicious too. They also have great big windows with a view of the castle.Very good service and overall experience.
Much better than I expected!  Very family friendly and good service. Ordered pasta and some starters,  and finished off with some grape ice cream that didn't end up being top sweet.  Was impressed by the customer service and had a large table to accommodate a group larger than 5 plus kids.
Very funky place without all the tourists.  Super good coffee, especially the mocha.  (Not so sweet as the Starbucks version) Very close quarters for seating, but you get to know people.
Love this place. I have been going  here for years and it is consistently great. Sit at the bar for best service.  Talk to Tyrone he is awesome.
Excellant breakfast, usually take my clients here prior to showing homes. would recommend number 1.
I just ate TWO generations of chicken for breakfast...BOO-YAH!Worth the wait which is only about 20-30 on weekends.  Good, quick, BIG breakfastes.
Love this place! Great food, good atmosphere. Staff is really nice. Get the coffee cake - apple flavor is best omg it's amazing! So soft and fluffy!
Good homestyle breakfast. You can tell by foot traffic it's a local favorite.  Diverse amount of items to order for all tastes.  Portions are on the large side,  so guaranteed to leave satisfied.  Scrambles, Omelettes, skillets and benedicts just to name a few.
There was a paper clip in my pizza.  Enough said.  The service and quality of the food can vary from day of the week and location.  But almost choking on a paper clip kills it for me.
Really great calzones and the staff is really nice. A little on the expensive side for pizza but if you save 12 box coupons you get one pizza half off. But the calzones really are delicious
Good food! Believe one of the best Indian food in Phoenix area. I had dinner many times here, tandoori chicken and fish is awesome.
Lovely place. Great food. Marvelous environment.  The pizza is very very good. Great wine selection.
Lovely place. Great food. Marvelous environment. The pizza was divine as was the Veal.  Nice little place
Plus:1. Good value on lunch special2. variety is good3. hoursMinus:1. The Chow Mein "situation"OK these people are seriously so weird. I ordered Chicken Chow Mein. They gave me a lump of sloppy veggies, chicken and a bag of chips. I'm not kidding.I looked up Chow Mein - Mein means noodles. I asked her for noodles and she said "no that's lo mein or chow fun" what? I think that means the wider wheat or rice noodles? This lady is chinese and she does not know her own language.I actually liked the food even though they don't know what they're doing as well as they don't know their own menu (what the words mean). And don't tell me that a bag of chips are noodles, technically I guess they could be dried out triangular shapes in a bag made out of noodle materials, but please, Chow Mein everywhere in the world means "fried noodles" usually consisting of noodles, veggies, oil and a meat, stir fried in a pan.PLUS the soda machine had no bubbles (carbonation) which was eventually working after they told us to wait, then forgot about us. Thanks lady.Also in between fixing that the woman cooks in the kitchen, answers the phone and changes the pop machine, then back to the kitchen, all without washing her hands, which I really don't care about but some of my friends might freak out at the sight of that.I'm still giving 4 stars because the food was very good for the value.
Open late past 9pm? ? ? Awesome! Cheap prices too.  The food is  acceptable for chinese food. nothing special and the food is ok too.  Its not terrible, food is "freshly cooked by chinese ppl in the back.  Only real special thing is that its open late, very late.  I get off work later than most ppl and by the time i want to pick something up to eat, most places are closed.
Yummy and good food! Definitely coming back. Gyro and salad was really good and healthy.
Just drove 40 miles for my CAFE MIX fix! Not been disappointed yet. My wife and i have tried several different items and have not been disappointed yet!
Eh this place is ok for takeout once in a while. Breakfast is ok eggs are the only thing they can cook consistently. Staff is usually nice but way to chatty and a bit slow
Service is great as is the food! The only drawback is no beer on tap. We frequent this place because it is close to home and comfortable.
Henry really took care of me today. Speedy checkin, pleasant service, free upgrade.Enterprise isn't always the cheapest, but when you factor in speed and quality, it's a winner.
Best pizza ever! The white pizza is my favorite. Great price too. Friendly customer service. I use them personally for delivery. Always on time or before promised. My non-prof uses them for feeding our youth and various adult functions. Everyone asks who made the pizza because it's sooo good!
My favorite place in PHX.Do yourself a favor - order every type of bruchetta and triple up on the Tomato Jam! These are delicious and fun to share with friends.
Tuscan tuna. I have dreams about you...also happy hour everyday till 5pm!  I am a sucker for a good patio and no matter which Postinos you visit the patio is on point!
Excellent wine, food, and service!My boyfriend took me there tonight,  first time for both of us.....we will be back and will bring friends
Great food crappy service and they tried to over charge us for 2 drinks wow!! I was shocked how our waitress kept walking passed us we had to ask 2 other people to help just to get place our order and get drinks.
Great food, drinks, and service. Absolutely love coming here with friends. Waiters and waitresses are always nice and since we are young, they never judge us before hand like other places do. Great place!
Sunday morning, free yoga class at 9:30am. Anyone who is interested in learning or practice with teachers from all over the valley should attend these classes. It is a great way to get a feel for an instructor before committing to any one studio. Each month a new yogi will come into the store to instruct in a different style of yoga. If you are not into vinyasa, than maybe the next month will bring in ashtanga or hatha. The teachers tend to vary up the level of difficulty so that no individual student gets bored or restless. If one pose is too easy, they will suggest a variation to keep it challenging.Be sure to get there early because the classes fill up quickly.
Sunday buffet for $13 all you can eat and drink.
Best foot massage in scottsdale !!You will not be disappointed , they do a head neck and arm and hands while you soak your feet but I always ask for feet only and the entire time is dedicated to my feet as I have a regular massage therapist , this place is amazing on the feet , maybe addicting and the cost is very reasonable so I always tip generously.
Showed up on Sunday at 11 am and enjoyed an awesome buffet.  There were traditional Mexican dishes like enchiladas and tacos, as well as an omelet and dessert bar.  This made my day.  I will be back.
Great place except for ask for extra crisply wings and got medium rare. Either cook them or take them off the menu.
Get the Ultimate Fajitas and Queso chese sauce you will love it!!!  Excellent customer service we didnt have to wait very long at all on a Saturday.
Food not that great prices Are no bargain this place is not as good as it should be they have a few good items but most are average  at best the fried chicken is good but the price is high and the pieces are very small
Food not that great prices Are no bargain this place is not as good as it should be fried chicken is good but the pieces are very small and high price.
Quaint place to meet for coffee or a meal.  I had the Clam Chowder with my Mediterranean Panini.  The soup had chunks of potato, vegetables and some hearty sized clam.  I really enjoyed the panini, it's refreshing to have just a roasted vegetable sandwich.  I did fight the idea of eating it like a normal sandwich(the veges fell out ..all over the place) versus cutting it up..  I did ask for some mayonnaise in case the goat cheese wasn't making the sandwich, uh...wet enough.  I can't explain how I like me sandwiches any better than that.  The server suggested the Roasted Red Pepper Mayonnaise and it was fabulous.  I really didn't need it that much, in fact, it became a dip for the veges that kept falling out- even when cutting it with a knife.  All in all, I'd come back and order these two items again, but I'm ready to try the breakfast!
Always great food and service. Have had the hummus plate a number of times - great for a take out dish on the way home from work.
$10 Visitor drop in rate if your coach emails them to let them know you're dropping by... overall one of the largest and most spacious CrossFit boxes in the country that I've ever seen... if you're looking for a great workout to squeeze all those toxins out from a night in Sin City, then CrossFit Las Vegas is a good place to do so.
Tried the clubhouse burger.  YUCK,  the flavors don't blend, the bun tasted weird, too much sauce that was not complimentary to the sandwich, long story short didn't like.  Gave it a thumbs down to manager, who seemed un interested when I told her that we ate only a third of the sandwiches we purchased.
Best friesQuick drive thruGood serviceFor the price you pay you can't go wrong at this McDonald's !Food was fresh
Imortant: if you are traveling from JFK on Delta make sure you check your gate. If you are at the C gate, they will have to bus you to your gate. Get there early or you will miss your flight.  Great stewards, free overhead bag, & not too extensive food. I'm digging them.
The service was great and thy were on time I would defiantly us them again what more can I say but yelp wants me to say more very annoying I should be allowed to say as much or as little as I want
No complaints here, the food was phenomenal! Wish we had these back in FL. I ordered with a group and we had the collard greens, grits, and cream corn (which is actually spicy), pulled turkey, whole chicken, and the best was that brisket. Everything was very fresh and tasted homemade.
One of my favorite lunch spots. Never gotten a meal here I didn't like. I recommend the brisket, my favorite. Sweet potato fries are on point too. It's a little loud around lunch so be prepared.  But if you are looking for a fast option with great food and good service, it doesn't get better than Macs.
Don't speak English  way over priced always a hassle not worth the time or money. They say new lower prices it's  not true. Realy not all that. Done with these people .one time had a staple in our pizza. What should take 1 min takes five because they don't speak english...done
Great spicy edamame is to die for!  This is the best sushi in the east valley for sure.  If I'm wrong please let me know.  I would like the challenge.
Garlic tuna roll and Vegas roll were amazing ! Place was clean. Wish there was outdoor seating.
We used to love this place... everything changed. Even the name. They no longer have the awesome Vento boxes, the service is mediocre, kids meals no longer exist. They had such a good thing originally.
Awesome place to stay !! Great service close to a bunch of stores great service nice pool an close to destinations
Love luci's! Everything is yummy! Love that I can get a salad in the grab and go:) breakfast is also good. Killer pancakes:)
Wonder service! :D  I recommend this place to everyone. Best place for eye care in Scottsdale.
Great coffee! Very quick service and low prices. The only thing I wish is they were open 24/7 like they are on the east coast.
Worst steak burrito, ever.  Worst $9 spent. Barely any meat. All I tasted was the tortilla. The meat was dry, but what can you expect from an airport restaurant? I should have ate burger king. Yuck.
Overpriced, low quality ingredients. An insult to burritos everywhere.Portions are extremely small. If you're expecting anything close to an authentic burrito or even a Chipotle/Qdoba level one just keep on walking.
A wonderful experience coming into the door, fresh sushi, and different combinations make this one of our faves.  That spicy tuna cracker was the best thing we have ever eaten here, ever . In the 6 years we have been coming.   The music is awesome. Come here.
This has closed only does catering now closed closed closed not there any more etc phone number doesnt work go to their wwbsite to get the working ph number and contact them
Lexi is such a hottie. Thats reason enough to sign up ;) she keeps the place clean af and inspires. What more could one ask of a private gym.
I'm giving this location a solid 4 stars. I brought my car in for an oil change and wash. The service was very friendly with minimal up-sell (yay). You can expect a typical "car wash" facility indoors while you wait for your car- lots of cheap items trying to lure you into an impulse buy. The interior and exterior were both clean and tidy, which was nice to see. The prices are reasonable and in line with other competitors. This location is hand-wash only - no "drapes" or robots washing your car here- so no chance of feather scratches for the nicer cars. The two employees who hand washed the car did a great job, spending ample time on each car- hitting the heavier soil spots and scrubbing the underside, rims, and front bumper. Once through the "wash" - the team outdoors spent a really nice amount of time drying and cleaning the car. I ordered the wash that also included interior dash cleaning and tire shine. When I drove off the lot I was happily surprised to see all the "small" spots in my car were touched/cleaned. There's a 72-hour return guaranty in case of an unforeseen rain. Overall, I was impressed with the service, prices, and end product. I will bring my truck back for a second trip in the future.Tip: Use your smartphone to access the website for coupons to save $3-$5 depending on the service. Show your phone to the cashier, all they need is the code.
Best car wash in town! Check out groupon for a really good deal they offer. Much better than the other car wash chains in town. They also have free wifi so it makes up for the little bit of extra time of its busy.
This is place is great! Great wash and detail!! Reasonably priced and multiple locations all over the valley. 2 thumbs up
Classic is my favorite car wash in the valley!You will not be disappointed.All their reviews are great.
This place is really cool and fast.  I always bring my car here for a wash. My car was in and out in about 30 minutes. They also vacuumed and cleaned the interior. Inside they have a small shop with seats, drinks, and Hello Kitty toys. The place was clean.
Been coming here for years. Great service. They consistently do a good job with my vehicles
This car wash has excellent customer service! I drive a good distance just to come here. They're always willing to take the time to explain their services to you with a smile. Great place!
Very good service and oil change was a good value! The location is easy to access from I-10 with a full service car wash and gas station. We recommend it!
I've been coming here for years and they do a fantastic job!! I even get my oil changed and everything here. They an awesome job and everyone is so friendly!
I have come here for over five years. They did an excellent job. It took over an hour for a deluxe wash.
Always pleased. Quick service, efficient, and friendly! I've been frequenting this establishment for many years. And they have remained consistent in satisfying my auto needs..
So yummy and fast. The staff is always super nice here. Great lunch spot when you don't have a lot of time. I definitely recommend the bacon bravo and broccoli cheddar soup!
Great cafe! One of my new favorites. Staff has always been very nice. Food has never disappointed.
Amazing garlic knotts & Zeppoles! Definitely going back! Food was nice and hot! Very flavorful and delicious! :)
How you dream of pizza tasting!Homemade ranch, and zucchini sticks that aren't soggy.
The pizza was so greasy that when I grabbed it the grease would run down my hands. I prefer my pizza less greasy so that I can enjoy the flavored
What a charming place with great food and personable staff!! I ordered the chicken piccata, and it did not disappoint!
Good food. Good service. Nice owners. Very nice and cozy space. It is fit for groups, .specials ocasions and every day dining. I wish it was not so far from where I live.
Steve is a tremendous trainer. Since joining Sommet, I have gone from 22% body fat down to around 10%-- in less than 7 months. They provide excellent coaching for workouts outside of the gym and advice on supplements to aid in training. It has been well worth the investment in my health and fitness! Get in the best shape of your life--go to Sommet!
Get ready to wait! I was there for 2 hours and never saw the doctor. Nobody apologized or gave any indication of how much longer I would need to wait. I finally just left.
please bring this to california!my first job ever was at dunkin' donuts in new york. favorite things to get? sausage, egg, and cheese on a croissantcinnamon raisin toasted with buttercoffee collatahashbrownsdonuts: apple crumb & french crullerworkers at this location were very slow and the manager seemed rude. no sense of urgency at all. ten people waiting in line and only one working the register and six in the back? why is it that they always run out of coffee collata every time i go there? i shouldn't be complaining because this is the closest dunkin' donuts to los angeles.dear dunkin' donuts, come to california so everyone can taste how awesome you are!will definitely come back again and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
This one is awful... Stay away.....I could stop there.....but I won't...and I don't do many one star reviews.I walked in and there were initially 3 people working at the counter but then 2 of them completely walked away and I think one of them was a manager. They left me to talk to a guy who you could easily think was on meth or something. I ordered a chicken sandwich and he told me they didn't have any buns or sauce for the sandwich......I was like WHATTTTTTT!!!! So I gave him the coupon that I had for a free medium beverage and he didn't know how to ring that up. Eventually after 5 minutes of playing ring around the rosey he finally figured out how to ring up the correct total. When the rest of the staff returned....there were buns.....but still no sauce for my sandwich. As it turns out this guy didn't know how to make anything but coffee and coolatta's.....so a young lady had to make my sandwich....but she didn't put any cheese on it. Safe to say I won't EVER be visiting this location ever again......Don't Eat.....Don't Drink....because it is DEFINITELY UNMERRY my friends!!!!!
WARNING! Make sure the TECHNICIAN giving immunization shot to your child knows what they're doing. It was my son's first appointment and my son was up for 4 shots. The technician prep the first leg, gave the first 2 shots than went to the second leg without prepping and gave the other 2 shots EVEN when I prompted her. Then she tells me "I'm sorry, I forgot". That place needs to be check for competency. These are kids you're working with !!! NEVER AGAIN !!! So much for first impression. Even the nurse practioner that saw my son is not even that friendly. Newsflash lady !!! I do not think any first timer parents knows exactly what  they are doing as far as taking care of their offspring but they do their best. Try to be in their shoes sometimes...
the worst ever plz for ur safety do not stay here !! I found cockroaches on the bed!! as soon as i walk in i get hit with an old stale stench of ciggarretts ...this place is so run down no different from a crack house... motel 6 is better than this!! for an extended stay they have no utensils, or any kitchen items (not that I would use them but figured u would like to know) the place is lucky they have a good staff! the front desk girls were very helpful
The best pizza supreme large I have had all my life, not kidding. We get it for take out often.
Best Mexican food around, huge plates. Nice environment at night too. Only bad thing is the bar closes at 930
Very friendly staff, good food, good experience. We were seated quickly, and service was fast. Our waitress was polite and suggested a shared plate special (skytower?) that was awesome!Our food was prepared quickly, served quickly, and the atmosphere was enjoyable. I would come here again.
Have it your way - starting with the burger itself: Beef, Chicken, Salmon, Turkey, or Veggie. I started with the desire of a salmon burger and added bacon and cheese. The result was a pretty close to perfect combination where the salmon was surprising juicy for being ground.Service was great - both quick and attentive. I would definitely return for a quick casual meal in the future.
Great burgers. Greats beers. Who could ask for more? Just had the black and blue burger and it was just as good as last year. So happy we found this place.
Ice Cream is like clouds in heaven!Setting: kind of like a modern day diner. Be prepared to wait for a long time ~15-30 min maybe. depending the size of your party. I came here with 10 and of course it was going to be a long wait, but when I came with 2 I still waited ~20+ min. Service: no too hot. waited hella long to order. We didn't even get water when we were sitting. After we were done, it took forever to get the bill. We only saw our waiter ~2 times, if that. Yeah the place was busy but still, service is very important. So my rating is more like a 4.5 because the ice cream absolutely out weights the service.Dish: Audrey's can't say no sundaeI loved this combo of ice cream! the coffee was not TOO coffee tasting and sweet enough to my likely. The vanilla was creamy and tasteful, not airy at all! They gave just the right amount of toppings and banana as well. You don't have to worry about having too much ice cream left with no toppings, or too much toppings without ice cream. This is my all time favorite ice place ever!!!
Ee cha for mikes bdaygreat place for chicks... this one has a great view of the strip... cool hang out
The wait is too long! You wait way to long for mediocre food, if anything just get the frozen hot chocolate otherwise everything else is a waste!
Crazy mad Spring Break crowds! We stopped by after eating at a buffet, so I wasn't hungry, but I still wanted to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate (I know - oink oink me). We used the side "to-go" window, and it moved pretty SLOW. Anyway, the drink itself was just OK for me. Tried it just to say I've tried it and now I'm over it...
The crab cake Benedict is all lump meat and very filling. Delicious! I'd definitely check them out again when I'm in Vegas next week.
Orrreo Frozen Hot Chocolate with candied almonds - delicious!  I would say this was better than the one in New York.  Larger menu selection and the frozen hot chocolate was much much better. If you are in the area, stop here for a great frozen dessert.
Everything looks tasty. Lines long but that's usually a good sign...serving size was smaller than expected I shared with my hubby. It was decent, nothing to brag about...had an iced hot chocolate
20 min wait with lots of tables available and barely anybody on labor day WTF???? Seems a little but snobbish even though it looks like it does...but it's the strip so what did you expect...anyhow...love the frozen hot chocolate, that is pretty much the only thing I like about this place or many on the strip...
Over priced and over hyped. You'd be better off going to a high end fancy restaurant if you want to spend that much money on ice cream and desserts. At least you know you're paying for the quality.
Big portions. Share your food! Best Vegetarian burger I've ever had with a patty made from bulgur, farro, corn and all kinds of other yummy stuff.
This review is only for the frozen hot chocolate because that's all I order.If you're like me and only ordering the frozen hot chocolate, then walk in and grab a seat at the bar to skip the long wait.My favorite is the regular frozen hot chocolate and the frozen mint hot chocolate. Make sure you are SHARING because the portion is quite large and sweet. The regular one is yummy, but because it's so sweet, I have a hard time finishing the whole thing. I like the mint one because it's not as sweet, so I can drink more of it :)Oh, this time, I also ordered the cheesekcake. It was the largest cheesecake that I've ever seen in my life and I was still eating it for days after.Tip: Check in on Foursquare for a free frozen hot chocolate with a $10 purchase
Frozen hot chocolate..... Mmmmmm a little pricey at $11 but where else are you going to find this frozen cup of goodness?
Super mediocre .  Words added to met min word counts. This limit is dumb.  I hope you have a great day. Skip this place
Waited long line for hot chocolate!! Theyre sold out! We got frozen hot chocolate instead even though its cold. Then we got a frozen corndog too...Very disappointing. Service is okay not friendly understaffed.
Service is aweful. Expect 15 mins for coffee and 1/2 hr for your food to come.  We thought service would be great cuz it's the Caesars right...wrong. Eggs obviously not made to order, pancakes are very dried. Came for the ice cream, but we are skipping it.
The Frozen Hot Chocolate was very amazing. Just get one at the bar...it was faster. We ate breakfast there as well...the plating was great and the portions are giant but the food was mediocre. As a chef, my expectations were quickly dashed by the first bite. it reminded me of a high end IHOP.
Nice atmosphere on the patio but the food was below average.  I had a hamburger that was way over cooked and no flavor.  Many better options in the area
Did not live up to expectations at all. Skip and find a better dessert stop. We ordered 2 frozen Hot Chocolates (what they're known for) and a cookies and cream shake... bill came to $45.  Hot chocolates tasted like watered down powder packets that were blended with ice chunks... still big chunks when we got them.  The milk shake didn't taste creamy at all.  Pretty bad experience IMO.
Requested no onions. Burger smothered in onions. Waitress blamed kitchen.Now waited another 20 minutes for a rare burger.Disappointed
Food was old and extremely expensive the only reason they got an extra star was because of the waitress who was attentive
We have always had pleasant people that work there, food is always been spot on. Easy location with drive thru makes it even more accessible.
Beef it up Wednesday Brisket platter $9.99  came in last minute and the service was great but the food was cold. Has to send it back and reheat it but it was still tasty.
Great beer  and food but cheesy set up... However very nice back patio... Overall a nice place!
Good food, beer land music. As authentic as you're going to get in the U.S. I recommend keeping it simple. Get a beer and some pretzels and call it a day. Maybe a side of sauerkraut too.
I'm impressed so far... Sitting at the bar and its not smokey.... Food is good, I had the nachos! Hubby had philly cheesecake and love it and got the tators over the fries.... I found out they have a dining area for kids to go which you couldnt tell by just driving by... I wish more bars and resturants sent out coupons from time to time.... I would of tried this bar out like 3-4 yrs ago if they would of just sent out coupons.... When your married there is NO shame in using a coupon.... Take note of that THE BAR!!
This place is bad @$$!! Nice and dark for some decent day-drinking action, great food, and not too smokey! Not the cheapest, but definitely not super expensive, great service too!
Food is great, drinks are better.  The beers is almost a slushy, which I love!  Service could be better, server seemed put off by questions... Never a good sign.  Service affects my experience immensely, so this place gets two starsService much improved!
I just ordered lemonade and it cost me $5.50! Are u fucking serious! Never coming back here againLike seriously... Disappointed
greatest breakfast place is North America... Can't go wrong with the classic, but pretty much everything on the menu is special. Freshly squeezed OJ is a treat if you feel like you derserve it. HOWARD FOR PREZ
More expensive than sf market, but they do have fresher produce.So we decided to buy groceries at 168 market this past Sunday.   We used to come to this market prior to the opening of the big SF market.  Anyhow, since we ate Chinese Donut, Soybean Milk and more at Taiwan Deli next to this market, we decided to shop here.They have a lot more stuff going on than what I've remembered.  Oh the vast amount of sweet and savory bread that I can chose from was so awesome!  I bought more bread than I can finish, but no worries, they are not expensive.  My favorite bread is the danish milk butter roll, $1.50 (can have 2 breakfast out of this roll).  They also have the deli, which appears to be clean that morning.  They got roasted duck, roasted pork, all sorts of goodies that one may pick up if he/she doesn't wanna cook.  The fruits and vegetables were very fresh and colorful.  Right now, you can get a case of mangos (8 huge ones), fresh from peru (so it says), for only $4.99!  Plus, this super market is clean for the most part.  I will definitely come back for more carbs after tasting how yummy they are.For those who have never visited this market, it is a must.  You will be amazed at the prices, selection, and stuff that you will never find in Albertsons!
Great hookah bar! Justin the bartender really hooked it up, manager was a lil ehh... Had a great apple lemon flavored tobacco arageleh! Didn't get a chance to try the food out, but seems like a decent spot.
Great service, Tommy was great help with food choices. Great atmosphere try the chicken falt bread. Cold beer and a slider pick anyone and you cant go wrong. Great people good food.
Awesome food and view. I go here about 3 times a week because it's that good. Also the food is at a really good price which is really nice. And the waitresses are also very nice and attentive
Jacob is an awesome barber and V's is way better than that place across the street! I also love the the fact that you can get a shoeshine and an old-fashioned shave.
This spot was suggested by family members: Small corner strip mall diner, Walk in and seat yourself. It was pretty busy but we easily found a table. I ordered the Belgian Waffle w/ fresh Strawberries and coffee. I was unimpressed with the "Belgian" part of the waffle. It wasn't as thick with deep pockets as I was expecting. More importantly it was cold such that the individual butter pats didn't even melt. I should have asked to have the waffle made over or at least reheated or toasted but I didn't. The syrup was a sticky plastic bottle of Log Cabin, needless to say it was unheated. However the best part of the breakfast were the fresh Strawberries (they too were cold but oh yeah they're suppose to be), red and sweet but no whipped cream. The coffee was luke warm and very weak we had to ask for a hot fresh cup hoping it would be stronger. The others in my group had traditional egg breakfasts and omelets, with meat, potatos and toast which were just OK. This place is barely average at best and definitely skip the waffle.I was surprised Nick's was so full of people but then again, I was in Surprise AZ. pun intended.
It's set up a lot like Subway. Order he in one spot, add your veggies in another.  I ordered the steak and eggs pita. It was $6 and some change and boy was this thing enormous! I surely ate the whole thing too as I was starving. The guy at the register was very friendly and the staff was nice as a whole. They're very efficient with making your pita and they always make sure they tell you that you'll be finished up at the veggie/toppings area. The ingredients all taste fresh. They cook the meat right in front of you instead of microwaving it. I certainly would frequent them more often if there were more locations. Since I work downtown and there's one on Smithfield street, I'll definitely be back for more cause I'm STUFFED right now. Very delicious!
WiFi password is really complicated.This is a cool place to get something different for lunch.  They have all kinds of different pitas and usually have some kind of promotional pita as well.  If you want to sit and eat there, make sure you do not go right at lunch time as seating is limited and it will be very hard to find a place.
Very nice clean place. Very comfortable atmosphere. Give u bottle water. When selling a lot they put u in a nice quiet room .  U
Levi was great and super fast. He helped me out in a jam, unlocked the car in well under a minute and honored a coupon I hadn't yet printed. Give him the business if you can at all.
Levi is a great dude gets there quick. Super nice and got the job done in under 10 minutes. I highly recommend him over AAA any day.
Fast and very friendly. Highly recommend Levi! Levi gave me a window of 12-2, but arrived exactly at 12:15. He took a look around the house and measured and adjusted the locks within 15 minutes. He is very good at his craft and efficient.
Great skinny asian chicken salad. The flat beead appetizer is also a favorite. Nice clean neighborhood restaurant. Good food. Great people. Consistent!
A healthier way to eat fast food, I would recommend this place over any other chain for a healthier life style.
I'm drunk but I feel that I have a duty to rate this place! Tex-Mex hip hop! This place is not a regular hang for me but when I do stop in it seems to be very "dude heavy", the music always seems to be to loud and you have to yell at the person sitting across from you. I'm not really feeling this place!
Awesome food great new micro beers !!! Great service and people always a fun time !! Can't wait to come back !
Cherry tarts are the best! But come here on Mondays for crepes. We visited Madison and couldn't pass by this place. Very friendly atmosphere, excellent baked goods. The owners a French and know what they are doing.
The waffles are where it's at!But a cool summer treat they're calling fruit whips are a close second. Imagine a frozen banana pureed and spoonable, with decadent toppings or plain if you'd rather keep it simple. It's this season's perfect cold treat, dairy free and all natural!
Great place for coffee, treats and meetings!Yola's has become one of my new places to meet for coffee and work.  They have yummy seasonal specials and of course the coffee is always hot and brewed perfectly.In addition to breakfast fare they have sandwiches, soups and of course their special waffles.
Trop cher pour les résultats mais quand même bon. Menu compliquer car il faut choisir un à un les accompagnements. Service à la venant
I won't say food is something to die for but the ladies were very polite. I tried the Thai cury and it was OK ok types.  The dessert was not good. A very average restaurant.
Never fails... Terrible service and more than likely they mess up my order. Last time I went I was literally in the drive thru for about 15 min and with only 2 cars in front of me...
You'll read a lot about trying the "Golden Gazpacho." Believe the buzz, it's delicious. Definitely worth eating at.
Great food in a delightful atmosphere. A wide variety of choices. Good service from people who seem to enjoy their work.
Great middleastern and Italian  food also great soups can be a bit pricey but great food.
Great dining experience, wonderful service and excellent Thai food!  Highly recommended if you are looking for great Thai food that allows for spice accommodations from 1-10.
Amazing! Had the pad puck with shrimp and will definitely keep going back! My bf also had the sweet and sour chicken & shrimp. Again very good. Spring rolls as an appetizer and we were all set. I hope they do carry out because I'd love to have them even when I don't feel like sitting in.
Panang curry double chicken w/ brown rice level 8 is BOMB.COM . I get take out here weekly! Very clean and healthy!
Great food, good serves and great Poaple.Liverpool steak my favourite. I love this place and the vibe of the Poaple..
I like me some ice cream.
Great product. Service sucks. Door hours say 11 but they close before then. They should probably fix this before they have some angry customers.
Horrible service and food. Pita sauce was bland , chicken was dry and lettuce was bitter. There was also no hospitality . The cashier was monotone and not friendly.
Best burger and sandwich joint ever! Great food and super friendly atmosphere. So much food a fat man couldn't finish lol!
Over rated, slow and dirty. .. don't do it.... Seriously do not understand how this place can get such raving reviews. If you think this is top notch pastrami..ive  got beachfront property to sell you in the middle of the desert...buyer beware. ..
Best burgers in the valley. Period. We've been going here since they opened and service is still great and food is even better. This is a must try. Kid friendly.
Worst fried rice ever!  Rice had the consistency of puddingAlso tried their sushi which was very flavorless.  Will not be going back
I love their "Georgia Peach" yogurt. My wife and kids just left the store. My 9 year old daughter always love piling on all kinds of toppings.
4 dollar deal all you can fit in cup!!!! Great family night everyone can enjoy your own flavor is for all nice and cool inside hot outside. Over 140 combination at four bucks a pop.
4 dollar deal all you can fit in cup!!!! Great family night everyone can enjoy your own flavor is for all nice and cool inside hot outside. Over 140 combination at four bucks a pop.
This place always has a long wait, but it's well worth it. I enjoyed every dish I tried there.  The service is also very friendly.
Well, service is mediocre and food was cold. Won't be back here anytime soon.Visiting a known chain restaurant like Ruby Tuesday's, you know what your going to get and you know the standard. Having worked in a similar chain I know how these restaurants are ran. When service is not so great and food is not very good then I blame management.Ques o for an appetizer was not bad as long as you don't mind old, stale, and chewy chips. That is just gross. The salad bar is always good at Ruby's right? Well yes, as long as the employee is continuously filling the empties. Only here they were filling up half empties and leaving items such as cheese gone. Salmon and mash potatoes are all me! Only the mash was cold. Layer of dust on the lampshades just grossed me out.I usually like a Ruby Tuesday's meal, so I was very disaponted at this location. I will not be back here anytime soon.
Great farmers market pretty decent prices! Parking is somewhat limited so keep that in mind! Also definitely want to make sure you get there early because they run out quickly since everything is so good. It's very family friendly and feels great to support local establishments!
Love it here!!! Mmmmm new menu items and new sauces! Servers are great! New "captains" are so helpful and informative. Love that every TV is on a different game. My requests were met fast and my food was hot.
der food was ok but der meat was kind of hard to chew i would not go bavk..................
Awesome, awesome, awesome! Food is phenomenal and the guac is worth ordering. Won't be disappointed! I have now been there twice and cant wait to go back again. Torta: awesome. Tacos: awesome. Chicken dish thing that I cant remember the name?: awesome. boxed up what we didnt eat, and forgot it on the table. The server ran out to the road as we were driving to give it to us...are you kidding me? how sweet is that? go. now.
The egg torta is the best. Trust meeeee! Also, get extra of the green salsa. It is very refreshing, a bit tangy and only mildly spicy. The red one is ok. If you like corn on the cob, get the elote here. It's loaded with good stuff.
Fanatic funky place. It's dive-ish but great. The food is wonderful, drinks are tasty. Located in a building with a hotel sorta off the track. Highly recommended.
Wednesday nights are a must go ! The dancers are amazing !! This place is so awesome can't wait to go back ! Yummy yummy food too ! :) excellent servers !!
Wednesday nights are a must go ! I absolutely love this place ! It's super cool inside , modern nice ! The food is very yummy I loved it and the dancers complete the night ! Dim lighting is perfect, not too dark :)
Shrimp and grits! To die for!best mexican ive had
Spectacular food! Pork belie and Ahi Tuna Tacos with guacamole need I say more?Awesome atmosphere, great selection for kids as well.Oh and coffee, yeah they serve Lux coffee great roaster!
Literally the best beef torta I've ever tasted! The service was excellent and the atmosphere was nice.
Lunch menu isn't great. Dinner is decent. Would avoid coming for lunch. Dinner it is ok to be here. And if you go a little late for dinner, the person asks if its take out :P ? Haha! New way to say to customers, go away! Avoid lunch for sure.. Not worth at all.
Good take out. Consistent quality. Chicken fried rice is always good. The staff is always friendly.
Beautiful, clean spacious studio. Teachers are devoted and fabulous. The practice is done in a heated, humidified room. Yoga poses are basic, for any skill level but you get a great workout because of the humid heat. Helps with deepening your practice. It's a great workout that will transform your body but most importantly, one day you will realize it has become your moving meditation. That is the reasons why their sequence doesn't change..so that your meditation part gets deeper. There's also fun, great music too to keep things fun. There's nothing like this out there. I'm not a granola yogi, never been interested in yoga or gyms but Sumits hot yoga makes me want to go, practice, get better. Amazing for your skin, body & mind. Try Lynn's class Saturday at 10am. She is one of the best Sumits hot yoga teacher in the valley along with Sumit, Kim Ewan and Dani Solomon. Actually there are too many to mention but those named are my fave so far. Enjoy, transform your body and mind.
Giant slice of homemade carrot cake and huge latte for $5?!  Amazing. They have a massive costume selection for rent, but they are overlooked as a great cafe!
Rude customer service.  Go get some skills!  They yelled at me for requesting samples.  And I waited over 20 minutes to pay for my froyo resulting in a grossly melted mess
Kickin tapas with some top notch sushi and open late? Killer bar too! We sampled the oysters which were perfectly fried. The ham plate was filled with tasty choices and the truffle fries and baconed Brussel sprouts were exceptional. Minor note would be toasts are dry and too many of them are a downer as is the pounding techno beat. Achieve hipster haven at a lower decibel
Kickin tapas with some top notch sushi and open late? Killer bar too! We sampled the oysters which were perfectly fried. The ham plate was filled with tasty choices and the truffle fries and baconed Brussel sprouts were exceptional. Minor note would be toasts are dry and too many of them are a downer as is the pounding techno beat. Achieve hipster haven at a lower decibel
Food and drinks were awesome. The pork belly tacos are the truth!!!! I'll be back! Funky atmosphere, definitely a foodie spot. Make sure to have your entire party with you for seating otherwise you'll have to wait. It's first come/first serve. Be patient as you will have a wait once you order but it's beyond worth it.
This is only my favorite place in the WORLD to eat... The chocolate bread pudding is what you might imagine heaven to be like! Tuna, guac stack, cheese plate OH MY! Haven't had one bad thing yet.
Sugar free white mocha iced.  Really nice people and the coffee is good too.  They really want to make sure you like it.  If you dont they will make it again.  Get a stamp card too your 11th one is free.  Monday or Tuesday is double stamp day.
Better than Filibertos. Our favorite Mexican burrito joint. We usually get the rolled tacos and carne asada burrito and split them.
A little more expensive than Filiberto's but the service and food is very good.  The shrimp burrito is delicious!  As the restaurant is a little small with only a few tables, it's not really built for more than 7-10 people to be sitting and eating at one time.  They do a robust drive-through and take-out business.
Two dozen times eating and never a bad visit! Green chili fries very good!! The beer is always cold , staff always friendly and remember you if you become a regular. The place is a little small so if you see a table you better grab it. Don't be in a rush to get your food because nothing is pre made. So have a drink enjoy your company or make a new friend.
Two dozen times eating and never a bad visit! Green chili fries very good and for me Negra Modelo is the best draft beer with lime!!
As always - very inconsistent. However ...friendly staff - and food is usually very good.Never busy.
Super nice and helpful. Delicious too. Standard chipotle, nothing special compared to the others, except the workers tend to be a little nicer. But chipotle in general is delicious so 4 stars.
Friendly service, but food was just average. Everything was just a little bland. We had mole, tacos and enchiladas - we all thought the same thing. I like the spot, but wish they would put more effort into the dishes.
Surprisingly uncrowded for Sunday afternoon.  Big portions, lunch prices for the win!  I wouldn't go for dinner because its overpriced IMO, but avoiding the crowds by going at off times and hitting it up for $14 lunch size pasta is a fair price in a non-chaotic environment.
Service was slow.  Food was mediocre. Ambiance was like Cheesecake FactoryI would pass
Quick service with a smile.  We go every day.  I love DD. I hope coffee is good for you.
This place sucks plain and simple I won't be coming back. I order a carne asada wet burrito. The salsa they use is from a can. The agua frescas suck too. There's a smell that won't go away maybe because they sell fresh chorizo.
Definitely recommended especially for Asian's haircut. The lady is so sweet :) She tells me a lot of lovely stories as she is doing the haircut lol. I go there every time since the first visit.
Been coming here since they first opened. The best burgers around. Great service. Always a great experience every time I come here.
CLOSED!  Tried to go there today and it's gone :(. Sorry to see it go, I enjoyed it. EDIT: Well Yelp says my review is too short...I wish they had a better way is notifying people that a business is out of business.  I really hate to think people are heading to this place hoping for a good meal only to find a closed sign and locked doors.  So, in summary it's CLOSED!!!
Excellent place for well priced merch.Love that they rep SeedlesS! I like how cool the dudes behind the counter are. They are easy to work with and welcome you in! Some shops the guys are rude and standoff ish and that's lame, these guys treat you right!
Le tartare de saumon est excellent! Bel ambiance. Je recommande chaudement. Cuisine ouverte sur le resto, sympathique de voir les chefs se démener.
Been meaning to try this lace for a long time. Glad I did not make a special trip. Nothing special. Hamburger had no flavor. Ketchup very runny. Hard to keep on fries. Service was good though.
Great pizza, HORRIBLE SERVICE and mean and cranky staff. They swear at their customers.
Mmmm... First time here. Foods amazing!!! cant wait to go back!!
Incredible food and service. This is great for a night out or a quick bite between appointments. You are guaranteed to be greeted with a smile and served quality food every time.
Loved the cozy atmosphere. Drinks were good too. Was there last week and really had excellent waitress.
Best theater in town hands down! Very friendly staff! My boyfriend and I always go to this theater because it is definitely the best way to experience a movie!
Woo hoo I'm at big hero 6 and loving it.  Great seats, fresh popcorn and they serve beer and wine.  What a great way to watch a great movie.
Comfy, leather, reclining seats! Feels like sitting on a cloud.Purchase your tickets online and choose your seats. All for the same price as a regular movie!
Super yummy and fresh and nice staff! I was in town for three days and went once a day all three days!
Sign up for Parma's VIP Club by texting "PARMA" to 90210 for a free cannoli when dining in! I'm all up on that.It's not salty.It's not greasy.NOT your normal italian fast food joint.The prices may not be for a poor college/high school student eating Mickey D's day in and out, but the quality of their ingredients calls for the price tag. I'd say it's -very- fairly priced. As in for the flavor and everything going into it, i feel like it's cheap. And if you really want to still go but your wallet is severely malnourished, their lunch menu is great! It's from 10AM-4PM!I think i read a review here about a weird clash of atmosphere, I'd agree, but it works.The food tastes so expensive yet the decor is so casual. The workers are friendly. It's a harmonious clash. I would say the feels is like strolling into a Chanel boutique with sweatpants on.The Riggies was amazing. Also their Parma Salad tasted BEAUTIFUL. Oh Lord, if the decor matched the food we'd be on the top floor of a huge building surrounded by crystal chandeliers. P.S. Rumcake. Cannoli. Chocolate cake. Tiramisu gets sold out regularly. The desserts are seriously delicious. Will return again, and again, and again...
Great place for Chinese food take out or dine in. Fast, large portions , fair price. It is definitely a great neighborhood take out. Clean and friendly! Thankyou!!!
Amazing food at amazing price! Service was very fast! Some of the best Chinese food I've had in the US
Beautiful hotel inside and out! Very friendly and knowledgeable staff! The pool and hot tub are nice amenities,  but I loved the courtyard in the center of the building.  The free breakfast had a lot of options and we really enjoyed our stay!
Erica is great, she knows her business!!  Does all types of hair, she also does make-up application for special events
Honest, local, and awesome work! I have been taking every car that I've owned to them and they have never let me know. The location sucks big time, but I'm willing to drive into Guadalupe for these people. They have never overcharged me and have always been honest. They're work is great and fast. I highly recommend these guys if you like great quality work and a fair price.
I was very impressed with service and repair I received! Good job!  I didn't know what was wrong with my car and they gave a full detail of what needed to be done with great customer service, not to mention that my other car repair situation was resolved!
Great people,  great food. Stop in and you won't be disappointed. Had the gyro and spinach pie and almost died from the flavor explosion! You can smoke a hookuh and byob,  and belly dancers on most Saturdays.
Microwaved food over over over seasoned gyro meet horrible food and very expensive. There are much better Greek restaurants ..
People who run it are so nice and the food is really good!!!!! Come here pretty often. Great salad and great prices!
Great food, atmosphere and fun for game watching!! Bring the gang... Valet park for ease!
Get the curry poutine extra spicy.This place is always a hit or miss. The chicken can either be really good, or of pretty low quality so I try to stay away from the chicken now. Samosas are generic but satisfying, and the standard plates served with naan are pretty standard. I think it's only main attraction is the curry poutine, which is pretty good and always satisfying. Ask for it extra spicy and extra cheese, it's almost always free.
I never want to drive a car in Montreal ever again. Montreal is a wonderful biking city. Bixi bike is a great way to see all of it. Clearly marked bike lanes and protected paths mean that you can ride without NYC bike paranoia. All drivers keep plenty of distance from you. The bixi bike is really the perfect system for the perfect city. I wonder why I haven't used this system before. But now that I've found it. It's the only way I would get around in the summer. Rules to remember. $5 CAD for 24 hours$100 depositRedock every 30 minutes to avoid extra charges. Wait 2 minutes between redocking and taking the bike out. You may take out the same bike. Just wait the 2 minYou'll get your deposit back but it may take up to 10 business days. With a station every 2-3 blocks. You'll never run out of bixi stations to do a quick swap. All the stations are within any destination you choose so just dock your bike and do whatever you need to do. The bikes themselves are easy to ride. I have a carbon race bike but i didn't feel held back by these heavy bixis. You have 3 easy gears to choose from. They have the twist shifters. Brakes are the only thing I can complain about. You have to brake earlier than usual but you get used to it. Some level of competence on a bike is useful.
love this place. Great food, great prices. Nice people, good service. It is now my wife, and my new favorite place.
Instant mashed potatoes? Really? $75 dinner for 4 people and we were served INSTANT mashed potatoes. This visit was so disappointing. Steaks full of gristle, and cold. Disgusting potatoes. Salad bar was good, but that's not what we went there for. Pretty sure we won't go again. Restaurant Impossible needs to rehab this place.
I was not very impressed by this place at all  the decore needs work  the restaurant needs some updating
0 stars!! This has got to be the worst service in town! Been waiting at least 45 minutes for our food. Our male server continually avoids our table. Have had to ask for our drinks at least 3 times. I live in Cave Creek and will never be back here. The service has sucked since the start.
Very fresh fruit. Raspberries are to die for! Awesome employees too-- I am always up for this place because it never disappoints.
Tons of froyo options to choose from! Cheesecake is by far my favorite! Fun spot to have a nice little date or girl talk ;) definitely stop by this location by ASU if you haven't had the chance to yet.
Yash you rock! Really a nice guy... btw...he's not my friend :) ... They could do a better job of keeping the tables clean, and it would  be nice to see more sugar free flavors..
Love this place  a large selection of yogurt and topping  kids loved it. Will.  Come back.
Have a lavender lemon martini!! Wonderful.
A great place to pose with friends. I've been for a number of events to this venue and each time, I have to respect the great service and detail that they deliver.  Whether it is for a Hispanic celebration or a Valley Leadership event, or charitable function, this venue pulls it all off without a hitch.
The rosemary bread is huge!  Dinner was ok, I might give this place another go.
Best drunk sandwich concept- had itFor lunch :) Recommend adding egg to anything!!Service was quick, some people also ate a pizza slice with the sandwich! I will be back- very interested in trying the other sandwiches!
This place happy hour is amazing!! And try the kielbasa and Chz add a egg!! Omfg it was amazing.. this city is a foodie.. so with this place I say share all food..
I Love Love this place Yummy in my Tummy& the Food was Deelish This is my Fav Restaurant
Awesome atmosphere and food. Staff are excellent!  This will definitely be one of my new favorite places to dine.
Location no longer exists! I wasted time driving over here based on reviews written Five months ago. The parking lot was deserted and post apocalyptic, with garbage blowing in the wind. There were hooligans in the parking lot shooting dirty looks at my sweet whip. What can I say? Haters want to be me, hoes glad to see me.
Sam is awesome.  Great prices and friendly staff!  Try the hot sake...yum!  Our sone love the lunch box.
I've frequented this restaurant for a few years. Good food and friendly service. For great locals sushi on the west side you can't go wrong.
Amazeballs custom cupcakes!Ordered custom cupcakes and blew away my expectations.  Amazing!Easy to work with for custom orders.  My client nearly peed in their pants and didn't' want to eat them they were so perfect and pretty.  Daisy Cafe and cupcakery is now on speed dial (that is if I still had a phone like that).I need to get back over there to actually sit down, enjoy the coffee, other foods and I heard their bloody mary's might shame your mother.
Excellent food and service. The banana pudding is great!  My main entree was the steak burger which was excellent as well. We had to wait about 25 minutes for our seat, but it was worth it!
Slow service and food is nothing spectacular.  Always busy which seems odd for the food being boring! Too many options may be the problem!
Like this place very much. Will come back often! Recommend the breakfast pastry basket if u wanna sample different pastries.
If your looking for stupid good pizza, pasta, & drinks--go 2 the Parlor!! Watch out though, the waiters are good @ up-selling menu items during happy hour!
One of the best pizzas in town.  Food is reasonably priced.   Very clean and service is fantastic.
Love this place! Food is excellent, service was outstanding! The decor is great! Definitely happy we stopped by this place for lunch!
Great food. Cool restaurant. ..favorite of the kids and i. We love you sweet pork burrito with a sweet green sauce. Also love that they have student discount everyday. They do a frequent diner card free meal with punches. The fresh tortillas are always delicious.
Worst company. Stay away. Big big deceivers. They would try to rip u off in every way possible.
Just as fantastic as my last visit.  Great food, flavor was awesome, spice was out of this world.  My only suggestion would be to turn the A/C on.  The warm weather combined with the spice of the food makes for an uncomfortable visit.
Dive into this incredible buffet 10 bucks. 5star   I love Indian, and they do it really great here, and you cannot beat the price.  Small place in the ghetto, sahara and valley view, not too ghetto, but still, its not pretty on this corner, but inside, you forget about it quick when you start salivating at the door, and running to the buffet like a wild animal ready to eat yourself silly.  Take a breath, its ok, this place will give you everything you need.   Every indian spice is in something, the quality and freshness is stellar!   Hightly recommended, just see the other reviews, dont take my word for it, try it and take you own word, its amazing!
Definitely my favorite Indian place in town. My wife and I eat here regularly, and it never fails to be amazing. The owner is super nice too, he remembers us and the fact that my wife loooooves super spicy food. I'm more of a mild food kinda guy, and they do that really well too. Not that the lunch buffet is mild, it's really good if that's what you want, but stick with dinner if you want super spicy. Also, if you ask nicely, they have an amazing jalapeño hot paste that you can add to your food!
The food was great . Price is right. Warm atmosphere.chicken butter was my favorite dish.
Food was great; service even better!  When you get here ask for Laxman or Prakas! They took time to explain my options, gave suggestions,  and made this the best business dinner ever in "Sin City"! A must visit!
Best indian in town without a doubt. Great lunch buffet. Don't worry about the iffy neighborhood, staff is great.
The Best indian buffet  in las vegas.. highly  recommended  for indian food lovers..the deserts are simply awesome and the tandoori chicken ..
Fantastic food great value good service,An oasis in Las Vegas I had tandoori chicken bindi masala and lamb saag Portions were huge but it was all delicious Highly recommended q s
It was really good lunch. Great food & great service. We enjoyed Kheer & Gazar ka Halwa.
The food was very good. The service was really good too. Everyone was very nice. I love the naan and don't forget desert!
Brilliant food, delicious dessert, attentive staff, cordial owner.  Naan was great, tandoor and vindaloo was also delicious.  Shared a kheer for dessert, great.  Cozy atmosphere that takes you out of the city and into another location, friendly crowd.
Probably the best indian food I had! Highly recommended.Went there with a group of coworkers and all of us loved the food. Price is just right.
Awesome environment owner extremely personable. Best Indian food buffet in town. Wish there was a jogging track here to make more room
Great service, great recommendations, great food, great place. I would highly recommend going here. You will not be disappointed.
Excellents légumes de saison !Toujours frais et jamais cher. Pour ce qui est des produits de la ferme, jamais vous ne paierez le prix de l'épicerie, et de loin ! de plus, la fraîcheur des produits est nettement supérieure, essayer c'est l'adopter ! Pour ce qui est des produits fins dans les différentes boutiques, le prix peut sembler élevé au premier abord, mais j'aime l'idée de faire mes emplettes à une seule place, et de trouver de tout. Poisson, viande, fromages, confitures, pain, est le vôtre ! Attention : Au stationnement (très difficile la fin de semaine, vous devrez donc trouver un parcomètre aux alentours) et à l'argent (vous devez avoir de l'argent comptant pour la plupart des kiosques à l'extérieur.Bonne dégustation !!!
Check the expiration date before you purchase. Most of the products here are almost expired or near expiration that's why its very cheap, they also have cheap kitchen supplies like ziplocks and many more.. Cat food, dog food, toilet paper and a produce/ frozen section. They sell 30 eggs for $2.49. This place is huge! They also have a cafeteria. When you spend 50 dollars or more you get to spin in a wheel and win up to $25 dollars. We won $1. The girl in the cashier was nice too.
Rotten Rotten Rotten Veggies and fruit! Employees are personable but owner is a Dyck! Not clean and food can be up to a year or more expired.
It's a nice place. Good host. But the chicken was not all that fresh. It seemed like its been frozen and microwaved.
Thai food off the strip. Where the thai families get their grub on.Some of the spicy dishes are pretttyyyyyy darn spicy, no joke. Service is awesome, they're always refilling your water. Came with my friend's huge family/relative group for dinner. Has to be legit if out of all the Thai restaurants, this is their choice off the strip to eat at. Everything tasted decent, nothing stood out too great except the spiciness of the noodle dish.
Great spot for late night Thai food cravings! It's one of my go to post-club restaurants on spring mountain. Their take out is always a good option too. I usually get the Pad See Ew...I had the fresh spring rolls once and wasn't really digging them. Maybe try the fried ones next time.
Excellent place absolutely great open late excellent customer service music and a lot of fun
This place is great. Local service, local prices but good quality work. They helped explain many things about my car that I've never been told before. I drive a lot for work to the tune of 40,000 mi per year just for work. Thy recommended adjusting my rear suspension so my tires didn't wear out because of the materials I carry in my trunk at all times. Simple things like that make a difference for me. Thanks Carmel Auto
Very authentic Japanese food. I have not had food like this since I visited Japan. The service was also good and the atmosphere was very nice.
Great place to grab a few drinks- very loud and busy though. Went here for dinner but they had to order the food in from down the street - it was okay. I had a mojito and it wasn't the best I've had, but great atmosphere!
First time here fot the number #23 and the patato soup. I like it a lot. Bee boo baa baa boo
Not a fan, waiter had an attitude. So much so they gave us another waiter.  The wine we ordered was "not in the warehouse". We had to ask two different people if our waiter could take our order. I'm here now ordered over 25 minutes ago. An easy steak, and cheeseburger and have yet to receive our order. The only good part was the bartender and his recommendation for an appetizer
The 30 day aged NY steak is incredible. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The place is elegant but doesnt feel stuffy like like other fine dinning restaurants. A must for steak lovers.
don't be fooled by the beautiful presentation & architecture...the food & service is borderline disappointing :(our waiter was a little edgy and rude, even though there were more empty tables than occupied. unfortunately, i think this is one of the "quickest" and most "reasonable" places to grab a bite to eat at aria...but, stay far away. you'll have better luck at skybox in aria.
Decent food .. Service was good didn't love the omelet at all. Cool scenery though and love being inside aria always good energy in the casino.
Margherita pizza was okay, nothing special. Service was good. Overall your normal cafe experience in Vegas. I wish the cafés were better.
Very good breakfast here. Had amazing food, perfectly cooked & seasoned. I would go back if I stayed on the strip again.
Kept waiting in a line for a Buffett at entrance for 20 minutes ... No excuses!!!)Dumb dumb
Delicious! Get the fettuccine alfredo! Fantastic spot to eat after a night of partying.
This was a big disappointment I would never eat here again the food has been sitting out for way to long everything is very dry and overlooked.
forgettable and bland. even the Chirozzi lacked flavor.  Skip this Buffet and head down something else.
Good bufet , la comida es buena aunque no tan variada como otros buffet, el lugar es bonito recomendable
Food was horrible over cooked and dry! Would not recommend ever! When we tried to speak to a server about some of the food that was burnt they just said ok and walked off. So we weren't sure if they did not speak English or just didn't care. For being such a pricey large buffet we were very disappointed . We should have gone with the hotel clerks suggestion and skipped this one!
Worst buffet in Las Vegas !Worst service and very pricey!Do not go pleeeeaaase!Over price reheated food.Chinese food was discusting. In general Horrible and not worst the time and money!
good food, good service, reasonable price! can't complain!they sat us and came to help us very quickly. the drinks and refills came without asking, the food came without us having to wonder when we will get our food, and they didn't rush us and was very nice about everything! amazing!
Good stuff, the best in Gilbert, AZ Excellent dairy free yogurt!
If you're hungover: Get the chicken noodle soup! I could eat bowls for days.We waited and waited and waited at this place. I really don't like Denny's to begin with but this was SO slow.
Cheapest breakfast on this end of the strip considering most the hotels at this end are way overpriced for very cheap food. Go to Dennys and save your money for other fun. Service was SLOW, but I expected that because of other reviews on here. Over an hour to get our food even though the restaurant was half empty.
Love this spa. I think it's the best in Vegas. We also had our hair done in the salon. The prices for color are actually decent. They did a fantastic job.
Been here a few times, food is great, service is okay, will definitely go back.Going tonight hopefully service is better! !!!!
Fantastic food and service. My fave of the trip! We were a group of 8 and they were extremely accommodating of our budget. The waiter never treated us like we were anything less than VIP. We had a amuse Bouche, foie gras/scallop stater and  surf and turf. Nothing was short of amazing
Food and service - Perfect , delicious , but the bathrooms , not so much ! I will definitely go back as the menu is amazing and it wasn't too loud as some of these places can be.
This place is amazing, service is impeccable food is great. The energy & ambiance of the this place is wonderful. Staff is very polite & helpful when asking questions about the menu. So this is my first experience of what I call fine dining and first experience of a Michelin star restaurant.We arrived at the restaurant at 8pm. 8.01pm we were seated, and given the wine menu at 8.02pm we had bottled water, and by 8.05 we had our wine, tasted and poured in both glasses!So about the wine and water, we never had to pour any into our glasses, there was always a waiter around to do this for us. Top service.The food is only what I can class as the best I have ever had, starter, main and deserts all highly rated. I recommend the mango\duck starter and sea bass cooked in honey for the main. The wait between courses were minimal. Even though we only had a table for 2 hours, it didnt seem rushed to put away a bottle of red and 3 courses.The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice, warm and welcoming, as soon as you walk in you are greeted and asked for your coat and then escorted to your table. There is an ambient lighting. The tables are quite close to each other, which is always an issue to me especially when having private conversations, however on a Saturday night because the atmosphere and noise levels its not much of a problem.Its not crazy expensive, but for me its not cheap. You could easily blow what we spent on good food on a night out, so its worth a visit if you have a special occasion. Its opened me up to a whole world of fine dining and given the opportunity I shall be returning!
With all the billboards in this town promoting top-flight DJs and parties at Hakkasan, it's easy to forget that there is a restaurant hidden inside the nightclub.  And that's too bad, because what a restaurant it is!  The menu is made up of modern takes on Cantonese classics, but the flavors never steer too far away from the originals.  The dining room is impressive and very easy to get lost in (leave a trail of bread crumbs), but the friendly staff always helps you find your way back to your table.  The bar is long and beautiful and features an impressive cocktail program.  Bring a small group of friends, get a bottle of sake (or wine), and choose a number of dishes to share.  Try the duck salad. And don't forget about dessert!
Amazing ambiance, great food and drinks....Great place for a romantic dinner! The service was decent and friendly. It's also pretty cool that you can party at the club after dinner.
Never disappointed with the crispy duck salad and veggie dim sum platter!! Sea bass with honey is cooked perfectly.
Great place, I come here weekly and food is always tasty and staff always friendly.They have a wide selection of wraps and lots of vegetarian options.
The staff make this place five stars.  Beverages are very good too.  I recommend Moroccan mint latte hot.  There is a fire pit outside.
Love that this place is close by my work! I always come for the rolled tacos! I like to get it with some tomatoes on the side and also you can never forget to ask for the spicy carrots!
Tire d'Érable? What not to like? But overall these macaroons taste more sugar than real authentic flavors.... Ladurée or Pierre Hermé or nothing....
The green tea and taro flavors are really good!! The topping choice is decent as well but the boba has a weird texture.
This Crazy Mocha location (801 Liberty Ave) is one of my favorites.  We go way back, to my dancing days when I'd hit this spot in between shows at the Benedum.  I only ever get one drink from Crazy Mocha ~ spiced chai latte with almond milk and a tiny shot of espresso ~ and of the locations I've been to, this spot always seems to make it the tastiest.  Maybe not the hottest, but definitely the tastiest.  Which is perfect if you ask me.  This location has a great, quiet area in the back for small meetings or just relaxing.  It stays open the latest of all the downtown CMs, with a closing time of 8pm.  Bring your own mug for a discount on your joe!
A small pho here is just like a large compare to the other pho restaurants. just avoid the lady who works there. you will know what i mean..lol
Quality food and fresh pho! The owner here is passionate about what she does. The service is amazing and you are guaranteed to leave satisfied. Recommend getting the Small size because they really do stuff the bowl!
Food is ok..Service is terrible.Server lady's naver small......Pho is good taste.Really rude service.
Good food...good service. .very comfortable  place to eat..definitely  coming back..trying  different dishes
Food is good. The dinner for 4 is quick, easy, and feeds the entire family. I highly recommend Zoe's.
Outstanding food!  Very nice people!  Awesome service. You need to try the Crab Legs, Mac Cheese and of course the hush puppies.
they deliver - foods great !!!burgers are a bit pricey but so worth it ! try the bacon guacamole burger ! yummy
Great friendly service!! Food was cooked perfectly and tasted great! Texas burger was the best I have had in a while!
It is very dangerous to come here with the wifey!1.  Ambiance - Awesome and very friendly. Can be extremely busy at times and they do a great job to juggle you and the other guests.2.  Service - We received first rate service and attention. Can't ask for anything better.3.  Prices - Ouch.  they did have a sale section though.This place is fun, nice stuff, quality stuff and if you been saving for like a year, a great place to spend some do re me for the wifey!GK says, check it out.
great items but very aggressive employees, it felt that we couldnt breathe when we were shopping in there.
Don't eat here, go for the $8 slice of pizza down a little farther. No stars
Menu is too small. Food was average.i didnt like it ...i spent $50 and still left the table half full
Off the hook good! Definitely the real deal. Not just fresh and plentiful, but steaming hot and priced more than fair.EAT HERE... it's that good.
I don't know why we need a bigger tv. Not necessary. So we really went in there just to get some batteries.  But for some reason, the guy at the door steered us in the wrong direction!  Really, you couldn't point us towards the batteries!  So as we were wondering around the store, of course, my husband see's the 80 inch TV!   I'm sure if there was a TV that was 500 inches, he would find a wall to put that on too!  But now my husband is on the hunt for a big TV Thanks guy at the door of Best Buy!  Over all, I do like Best Buy.   I'm just poking fun at the guy at the door, I'm sure my husband would have went to the TV dept. even if we weren't pointed in the wrong direction.
I went in to make a claim on my warranty. Poor geek squad customers service. And an inability to solve the issue
Great service and very detailed in the eye exam. Love Dr. Velasco! She was very polite and thorough.
Bomb pizza, so good fork and knife kinda pizza so delicious almost ate the whole pizza. We got a small had two monster pieces left almost cried when I forgot the leftover box at the table when we left :( came back tonight with our littles because the wait was 3 hrs for the cheese cake factory. Pregnant and I really love the pizza its a fail safe for any night out. I LOVE PIZZA!!!
First place that actually refillef my drink! There setup was not all the great. Some of the dishes didn't even look fresh. I like that they had the dessert near the entrance because that's the most important display...at least in my opinion. I need to know how much space to save! The server was very attentive and friendly. She refilled my drink without being asked..that may not seem important to most, but after eating at numerous places to my shock and dismay, they never refilled or even asked. I was confused as to why they had mexican dishes in the american section as well.  Not one of my top choices but it is cheap and service was good.Another great thing about this place. SELF SERVE EGGS BENEDICT! oh my...i couldn't help myself at this station.
Use this restaurant for business meetings.  Great food & friendly staff!  Every week the food is delicious, especially the chicken marsala with mushrooms.  YUM
Service was spot on and the Lemon-Pepper dry rub hit the spot. It took a little longer then I thought it should. Our waitress was very attentive and kept the drinks full without issue. Potato skins with bacon, yes please.
Great wing's and atmosphere. Great for watching the games.. Football, college football, basketball.
Always a great place to stay.Very clean, and attentive.They offer free Internet and a great Tapas bar to unwind from a long day away from home and family. When traveling on personal trips the hinton would be my go to hotel, very close to Metro and other fine dining.
best  place in vegas, delicious cakes I ever see, very professional end nice person, thanks Nara
My burger was burnt Onion rings burnt pretty disappointingI was hoping for better quality The hotel is beautiful
Petit resto absolument délicieux! Un peu cher à mon goût, mais ça vaut la peine. Très bon!
Best breakfast in down town Glendale, hands down. Get the scrambler smothered in green chili. It is so freaking good. The platter is for one but has enough to feed 2 grown men. Definitely feeling.
Monthly membership is so worth it!!  I'm in the process of trying all the therapists to see who I like.  And if you don't use your month, it rolls over and you can use it later or add it onto an existing appointment.  Love the service and everyone there is helpful!  My favorite therapist is Jocelyn!
Honest, thorough and competent.  I wholeheartedly recommend this shop!  General maintenance or major repair these are the guys to go to. They maintain 3 of my vehicles and they have always been spot on.
typical ny type pizza. ok but nothing earthshaking. they sell slices out on the street when there are baseball games.
Great and friendly service., very clean and organized Starbucks. The customers seemed happy to be there.
Great fabulous restaurant! Love the chai tea and sticky mango rice!! Should enjoy a set of pho here and also the fried rice! A lot to explore and I will definitely come back!
The dumplings are amazing! Probably some of the best in the entire Madison area!I have eaten here more times than I can think of, and I order many different items from the menu. Everything I've had has tasted fresh, and is always excellent. My only wish is that I still worked near there and could have lunch there 1-2 times a week like I used to.Besides the dumplings, I highly recommend a few items:The Yum Nuah or Yum Gai (SL3) - it's a salad with either beef or chicken - just fantastic!Any of the Bun dishes - they are all fantastic! A cool noodle dish that is very awesome on a hot day!The Mi Xao Don - Crispy Egg Noodle - fold the edges in - and wait for the sauce to soak up the noodles. They become soft and have a crispy/fried taste while being soft and easier to eat.Last, but not least, their Pho. It is top notch. Ask for them to keep the raw beef on the side when you order so you can let it cook yourself. Otherwise it can come out a little too cooked, and not rare anymore. I think they probably do that to accommodate Caucasian patrons, and there's nothing wrong with that.Try this place. I drive over from Middleton at least a month just for dumplings. You won't regret it.
Average of four stars?All of you are insane. The food here is amazing. I've never had to wait too long, but I also don't expect popular restaurants to instantly have a table for me no matter when I show up so maybe that's just me.Try the curry puffs.
Came here the second time yesterday and the food is still as fantastic as always!!I forgot what I ordered the first time but this time, I tried their pho. Broth is a little bit on the sweet side but still delicious nevertheless! I would definitely come back here with family and friends! Customer service is very good!
Yum yum and yum.  Food is excellent, service is excellent, my favorite!  Every dish I've ordered has been amazing.  Good service, expertly prepared food.
Best Thai in madison.  Yummy iced coffee, delicious curry.  They are ALWAYS busy though, so be prepared to wait.
We need Dunkin Donuts in California! As for this location, their donuts were fresh and tasty. I'll visit them again when I'm back in the area.
Pretty fast. Classic Dunkins! Always look forward to my next trip. People are always friendly. They have forgotten my order on a couple of items but have always been quick to remedy the situation.
Some of the best subs around. I think. They cut the meat right when you order your sandwich then put exactly what you want on it. I always get Standard Dress which is all the basics. I love the Original and the Penny Club but I don't think they have a bad sandwich. Everyone I've taken there likes it too. I get teased at work for going there so much for lunch but I like it and it's close. Plus during the week the owners are working the line and that's cool. They remember you if you go in there enough but you still get a big hello even if it's your first time.Having a Coke Freestyle machine is always a plus for any restaurant. I don't think you can do much better. Great sandwiches, friendly people and pretty cheap. It may not be a $5 foot long but for an extra dollar you get a lot better quality.
Thanks to this place I will never eat Jimmy Johns or Subway again!! Bread is soft, not dried out and meat is slice directly like a deli.
Yum! Had the sea salt caramel and it was awesome! Very clean and lots of great additions!
I love this bar! Cheap drinks and the pool area is great. Good atmosphere and although you can smoke inside, it doesn't really get filled with smoke like other bars. Definitely a bar to frequent.
Jessica at the bar was great! Very personable. Great service for a holiday Monday night.
The drinks are very weak and the service was terrible. Our bill was 200 dollars for a MEDIOCRE MEAL. I would never go back there again!
Fast service, always fresh food. Great value. I have a preference for the #15 Pho Tai Bo Vien. Noodle soup with rare eye round steak and beef meatballs. Not a salty broth like some Phos sometimes come.
Love this place.  pho ! I may always get the same thing but it's always delicious lol
Great broth! Very authentic with a ton of flavor! Great Thai tea as well. Service is fast and attentive. Usually busy but haven't yet had a problem being seated right away!
Good pho!!! Rice plates too...Fast service and reasonably price. yum yum. Egg rolls are the bomb !!! sooo good. drinks kinda pricey and small
Awesome service ! Correction ordered .. Fast picks ! Good area .. Will come again was vacations..
The rooms are beautiful and staff was nice. However they have a policy if you are using a debit card/checkcard they authorize $25 per night . I however wasnt using either but they thought my credit card was bank card and put a hold on my card which wasnt disclosed, needless to say I wasnt pleased with that. Everything else was very great though the room was well cleaned every day and they had a free business area because they charge for in room wifi . I would stay here again .
Great work, very fair price and great attention to detail. Job was finished at the price quoted and turned out great. We would highly recommend to others!
First time here. Lets seeWell it was down home simple food. They carter to us seniors, which is nice. I did go back for a second time and did the salad and sandwich. Simple, but tasty.Yes I'm going back. Service was great, food in the good price range.
This was a nice friendly family restaurant. Their homemade soup was delicious!  Restaurant was clean and staff was VERY friendly.......even the staff not waiting on me.  I had the turkey club sandwich which was exceptional.
Awesome place to eat outside seating !!!!!!Staff was in training ok service !!!!!!You can also bet on the horse races !!!
Great place to late night after hitting some breweries nearby. The atmosphere is also perfect for meeting friends for drinks on a weeknight. Best beer selection in southend. They have a decent wine selection as well. I'm a fan of the buy two get $2 off bins!
Save your money . This place is ridiculous . Worst customer service . We were there this past Sunday and only enjoyed about 10 minutes when they suddenly closed down the rides temporarily due to bad weather which I understood . The thing is we decided maybe we should just get like credit or something and come back a different day since we got there pretty late and would only get to enjoy the park for about an hour an a half . Well when I went to go talk to someone at customer service I was told "they had a warning sign about weather" which I did not see at all upon arrival ! Only signs I did see were about some rides being closed due to filming . Every one was saying they "just put the signs up a little bit after closing down the rides" so basically they had the nerve to lie . When I asked for corporate number they instead gave me the number to the main office (water park) . Unbelievable !!!!!!!!
Another perfect massage from Celesst this afternoon!  Always a serene experience. Staff is more than accommodating.
Don't bother!  The view is the only thing they have! What a joke! Nobody in the bar! Could it be because of the smelly mop bucket by the front door?
One of Moon Valley's hidden treasures! Great breakfast! Friendly staff, and a great place to take your grandkids for breakfast!
They are so over priced that it is ridiculous. There are many more restaurants in the area much more reasonable.
Very , very good. Great atmosphere don't let the front entrance fool you. Dumplings are great steamed, highly recommend this restaurant.
All the soda flavors are flat. The Pizza is good for the money. The salad bar is good. Try the house dressing in the yellow top container, it tastes just like olive gardens. Saw a small unattended kid though ... He was picking up the small tomatoes, sucking on them, then blowing them back into the salad, seriously. Can get loud at times. But like I said, all the soda's are flat. They were flat about a month ago too. I asked the manager, they went and checked something and said everything is working OK. So don't say I warned you. Unless they finally made a change, go for the water.
Thanks Fredericos, I shit my pants for two weeks because of your carne! :) just like Taco Bell did me a couple years ago.
Such nasty food! I don't recommend it to anyone. The service is horrible and the food is nasty! The person who cooked the food stuck his ladle into the pot and tasted whatever he was cooking
Very accommodating with the games on. Fresh guacamole is amazing. Wonderful staff. Didn't mind me lingering to finish the last few minutes even though I had settled the bill. Definitely recommend again. Their signature grilled cheese was perfect.
Great food and service every time.  Huge shakes.  We've made it our before a family movie place.
As of Feb 2014, all prices at this airport location have gone up by at least 30% across the board. $11 for a dinky 7.5 inch Quiznos sub? No thanks. Very disappointing!I used to always grab a chili and a sandwich from here for non meal service flights, but I refuse to support the new price gouging going on here. There's even a new handwritten sign above the soda fountain that reads "Refills are 85 cents". Come on, man!
One of the few places where you can get a coffee / food on the outside of security. Make sure you mark the location!  Second Floor (baggage on zero).  The only downside...wireless access not the greatest. May have to sit closer to front for reception.
My coffee was good but the service at this location was horrible! Ps visit the one up stairs it's a lot better
Fabulous food and service!!! I love the banana waffle, chorizo omelette, biscuits and gray (only served on the weekend), and my favorite pancakes are the orange cranberry! yummy!!
Gluten free pancakes! Can't wait!I was waiting to write this review because i was really hoping to get in here a second time before leaving Arizona. Unfortunately this didn't happen so I'll go based on my only visit. The atmosphere is a bit off, no one greeted us at the front and the entry looked as if it was maybe being remodeled, it was difficult to tell for sure. We kind of wandered in and sat down and someone came over to serve us. I had gluten free chocolate chip and banana pancakes with bacon and orange juice and I remember it being most excellent. The person I was with had some type of omelet and bacon I think and he thought it was good, but not amazing. I think for gluten free, the breakfast options are unbeatable, especially in the Mesa area. Price was really affordable and service was pretty average. As I mentioned, if I still lived in the area I would definitely consider visiting here again!
Bad bad service.   Great food.  Too bad.  We waited for a table and were not acknowledged.  10 minutes for a waitress, another 10 for drinks.  Good food but terrible service although I had bacon that dripped with grease.  Customer service is so rare anymore but I'm going where it's a good dining experience.  While there 3 different parties got up and left because there was only one waitress for all the tables.
Unbelievably slow service! They either need less tables or more help. French toast was mushy. One star for the pancakes being palatable.
No complaints, all delicious B) Service was great as well. I'll come back whenever I have more money
Excellent food, service and environment. A must try! Don't miss out on phenomenal Mediterranean food.
not a big fan of kbbq but had lots of selection and fairly cheap with good service, always had my drinks filled to the rim
Specials start at 11 pm and they are open until 6 am. Late night snack anyone?Keep in Mind that there is a Johnny Rocket right around the corner in the Flamingo hotel. Johnny rockets is not only better priced but their burgers are much much better. So if you deciding you want a burger... I highly recommend Johnny Rockets!! :)
shot shot shots for birthday girl. Fun bar for girls night out. They could use better drink specials.
They like the Chickenhawks..they must suck..stay away! Anyplace that doesn't favor the home team sucks!
Need more bartenders! Paid 20$ for a cover charge but got horrible service on st Patrick's day. Yes I am aware of the day but I expected better service. I have gone here pervious days and service always sucks
Service was terrible. Had to wait extremely long time to get food. Not sure I would come back to this location. Floor was wet with soda every where.
Was lured by the $5 meal. As it turns out the $5 meal is overpriced by about $4.50. It's not necessary to say much else about this place other than stay away.
Not impressed with the service!  We were seated promptly, chips, salsa and water were delivered.  Then we wait, and we wait, and we wait.  The chip waiter kept bringing us more chips and salsa, so we munched on those.  Kept asking for our waitress so we could order.Finally about 30 minutes later, she came by.  My husband ordered the chicken burrito with red sauce, and since I had eaten all the chips I ordered the senior enchilada plate, beef.Another lengthy wait.  Food was finally delivered, my husbands burrito had the crema sauce instead of the red.  Deliverer of food said that she could get him a new one, but we didn't want to wait another 30 minutes.  I decided to open my enchilada to make sure I had beef, which I did, but there were only 3, 1/4 in cubes of beef.  Ridiculous.  Waitress came by and we expressed our disappointment, she offered to get me a new enchilada.  I took her up on it, it arrived in 5 minutes and was jammed packed with beef.We asked her about the wait times and we were told that they were short staffed and apologized and apologized and apologized.  We felt bad for her, we could hear her apologizing all around us.Finished our meal, which I will say the food was good.Our waitress stopped by our table and comped our whole meal.  Not sure if we would come back, there seems to be quite a few other mexican options in Casa Grande.
Great service and friendly staff! Unacceptable wait times in their drive thru. Chocolate shake makes up for it.
I got a hard burnt bun with my cheeseburger. I definitely won't be back to this location ever again.
The best sushi chef in Vegas!!! A true Japanese trained chef. Everything was made fresh and on time. It didn't even feel as if I was having sushi in the desert. For a second I thought I was oceanside having fresh cut sushi!!!
Some of the pizza pie around anywhere in Charlotte. Once you taste this pizza you'll realize nothing else compares.
Yummy and gourmet bean burger ! Cute retro under the stair Resturant . They have a bistro up stairs that I will try next time instead. Lots of room in the downstairs part for meeting big groups. I didn't like the cafeteria style ordering but they bring your hot food out to you so that's good. The food was really great! Gourmet veggie style dishes and beautifully presented!  Food was well priced for the area and once again delicious !!!
Holly is an amazing technician and great foot massager. She just moved from Calif.   they are always super busy and everything is so clean.
Don 't go crazy with your burger loading.  Stuck with maybe three add-ons and enjoy.  Too many toppings = yuck and you won 't be able to taste the great beef.Quite an experience and the brand is consistent where ever you are located.Service is accurate and pretty fast.  Lots and LOTS of options and, as I mentioned in my tip, the beef is quality and not what you could get at the local supermarket.Portions are huge, so if you are a light eater or with children, go for half a burger or less to share with whomever you are with.
Get a Royal Players Card for awesome food deals! As your first time...you will get a 2-for-1 deal. No coupon or discount can be combined with a member card use though.  We ordered a rib plate ($12), but  with our voucher. It was definitely an offer to hard to pass up. We had four huge ribs slathered with bbq sauce, that fell off the bones, with a side of (what seemed to be nuked) veggies medley and a choice of either mash potatoes or french fries. It took 15-20 mins for our food to come out. The food, and service was good. The loudness of the casino was a bit distracting though.
Awful service!  Terrible place!  There are far better options, this place needs to terminate the mangers and employees and start over.
Ahh, heaven! Cinnamon graham yogurt with peppermint chips! If this chain was in MPLS I would be in trouble...
Great yogurt, great selection of toppings. Nice for a relaxing , fun, tasty and somewhat healthier dessert alternative.
Always super clean and tasty! Love this place! The staff is always so friendly and the flavors are always delicious :)
Bad service and took forever for food. Not impressed. Also if you're strict gluten free for medical reasons the baja sauce has "very little" flour - ya thanks people go ahead and poison me.
I love spending 30 minutes in the drive thru! Just to get my order wrong! If anyone can suggest a better run store, I'd appreciate it. It's obvious that the proverbial monkeys run the zoo here!
If they screw up you have to pay for it although the food is good but the customer service stinks
Tip: Get Starbucks when you're here. It's cheaper!!!!I really like this Target. It's close to my house, very clean and organized. It's a super Target meaning they have a grocery store inside. Their staffs are very helpful. And everything is easy to find. My one complaint is I wish they have a bigger produces selection. But then again, Harris Teeter and Bi-Lo are nearby. So it's no biggie.
Great food, fabulous service!  So much to choose from. Even for the non-fish eater like me!  We had 6 of us for dinner last night and everyone loved it!  Don't forget to check in on yelp for a free saki or beer!
Food was pretty good. However, the service was pretty bad. Love that they have all you can eat. The pork belly is really good and all the rolls I had were pretty good. Yes the service was pretty lame but it's not going to stop me from going again since it's walking distance from my house.
Ironically, the sushi is bomb. Anyone that lives on Kanye's daughters side of Vegas (North West) and you're craving sushi, stop by Sushi Bomb.
Great food excellent service. Highly recommended it would definitely come back. Your employees and staff is very friendly and helpful.
Best service. . Great food!!! Burgers are great.. staff is very friendly..great selection of drinks. . Best place in park west by far..buffalo chips are by far the best
When you drive for 7/8 hours it is great to use a gift card at a place that accepts a military ID when you use your debt card. I am glad that Target will accept a military ID card as a vaild ID. Unlike wal-mart that is putting the hand to the face. Only issue I got with Target is them kicking the Salvation army guy to the curb. How does a bell ringer hurt your business honestly?
Lunch buffet is so good!  And the staff really couldn't be nicer.My husband and I have been twice, once for take-out and once for lunch.  The friendly man at the counter took the time to explain the difference between northern and southern indian cuisine to us, which was very helpful.  Everything we have had has tasted great, but I especially love their samosas, which are also included in the lunch buffet.  We are happy to make this our new indian food spot!
Indian buffet for $7.99...How can you go wrong?This small restaurant is tucked away in a well stocked Indian market on 7th Ave, south of Virginia Avenue.  The buffet is small, and the food is well prepared and tasty.   Most of the main dishes have been the same the few times we have been here, but on the other hand, you can count on your favorites being there next time you go, and being sure that you can get your fix.The Chicken Tikka Marsala is my favorite, along with the vegetable pakoras, and of course, the freshly cooked naan brought to your table.  I have never been a fan of samosas, however my vegetarian friend tells me they are the best around. My only complaint would be that the gulab jamun are not served warm.If you are looking for a classy Indian restaurant to bring a date, this is not it.  It is simple place with the most basic of tables and decor.If you are looking for a good Indian food at a very good price, then you need to try this hideaway.
Awesome food. Never knew this gem was so close to me downtown. Loved it! Chicken curry was so good. Be careful. Mild is pretty spicy  medium is very spicy.
Best donuts ever!! Crispy creams has nothing on Bosa. Glaze for days. It's also cheaper then CCD.
Their donuts taste great and prices are very reasonable! I find great coupons for Bosa Donuts in the clipper magazine that comes in my mail.
The yogurt was good and the crepe was ok a little pricey but ok. the service was good
Great place to eat if you are tired of the expensive joints on the strip. The Potato Taco is outstanding.  Since the food seems to be cooked to order, and service is a bit slow, make sure you order all of the food for the happy hour special up front because you may not get a chance to get in a second or third order.  The owner was friendly.  The food was good. They even had food for my vegetarian.  Win all around
The tacos here take a while to be prepared but are worth the wait. Went with a friend that's short on praise and even he thought it was great.
Today was my first time here and I love it.  Really good tostadas and tacos. Awesome decor. Cheap prices. Can't beat it. Really close to unlv. Owner is really nice. Be careful when trying the hot sauce challenge.
Amazing taste and amazing value. Get the potato ones!  Great friendly staff as well, well worth the trip off the strip.
Probably the worst place to get a drink because the service is so awful. This place had gone down hill since I have been going. Our waitress and that evening was so caught up in serving another table all night that she forgot us after three drinks. I finally complained to the bartenders that we couldn't locate her and wanted another glass of wine. She seen what I did and came over but the damage was already done.  She didn't come back to our table for another half and hour and I cleared the table of all our glasses and left them at the bar. She seen me do this but we just got our tab and left.  Bad service, water down drinks and they short change if you pay in cash. Bathrooms toilets have orange scum in them which means they haven't been scrubbed or cleaned for over a two weeks. I should know because I do personal house cleaning and some of my customers are every other week.
Most appropriately named restaurant ever!First, the good news. The place is cheap! Especially if you have a players club card for the casino. That is literally the only good news about this place.Now the bad. The food was bland and horrible. The turkey and pork were painfully dry. The mashed potatoes and stuffing had no flavor whatsoever. The spring rolls in the Chinese section was basically just deep fried rice paper with no filling. The pasta just looked scary as did the taco section. Everything on the salad bar was limp and old. I tried the chocolate mousse cake for dessert.The crust was rubbery and there was no taste of chocolate at all in the filling. Literally the best thing I had was the jello.I guess this is a great place to go if you are on a diet, because the food is so horrible you won't eat much and then you will have a stomach ache the rest of the day and won't eat again.Avoid this place like the plague, which you could very well get from eating here.
Love the place always.. Deluxe spicy chicken sandwich is my all time favourite.. The staff is also very nice well behaved
Does anyone know if he still open I called multiple times but no answer or call back, i had service a few months ago and was very pleased but my tv now is not working
Fun atmosphere! The only problem is deciding what to eat the food is delicious! Football games are on Sundays they have trivia during the week and also show most ufc fights. Definitely a spot you should check out
always a bad experience, chips and salsa suck. portions are small and taste is bad. service is decent
Excellent in every possible way.  Portion size perfect, service fast and polite, food fabulous!!!
This place is closed down , closed down, closed down. Please don't waste your time, it is closed down ...
Hands down best Cuban restaurant in Arizona. The Cubano sandwich is amazing!!!  The staff was very courteous and helpful as well!
Simple repairs done great. Super cheapFamily placeA little hard to find but a really cute shop. Relax when your there and they'll take care of you and get you back on the road.
Food & beer very good. Service horrible!! Sunday menu very limited. Might be better on another day. If going on Sunday might want to sit at bar cause service at tables is basically non existent.
Good service good food lots of drink options the brunch is super good. When my gf is cranky I take her here and it cheers her up.
Amy Horne is amazing! I can't wait to get my hair done again! The salon has a very cool modern atmosphere and everyone is so nice and professional!
John Leslie drinks here, remember him? Oh and the nachos are quite good...This is a decent all round boozer, I quite enjoyed my first visit here, and a bit of B-List celebrity spotting made it that little bit more exciting. Service was good; they were attentive and trusted me to open a tab as soon as I came in. brought menus over quickly. We were in a rush so I just ordered some Chicken Nachos at the Bar. they came within ten minutes and were very good indeed!!  A broad range on the menu also.The decor is standard, sort of half living room half bar, and they have a couple of TVs showing live sports etc. It was quite busy for a Sunday afternoon and not many spare tables, which is a good sign. Like I said, it is a good all rounder, nothing amazing but worth a visit if you are in the area..
Bomb.com love this place and it's yummy drinks and Popsicles!  My kiddo loved the Hawaiian torta, and the guacamole is good. Good beans too! The veggie torta could stand to be improved! It's pretty plain with mayo tomatoes and avacado .
Great Service and great food. Priced accordingly. We've never had a bad meal here. My wife had the seafood linguine and she is picky when I comes to pasta so it passed her test. The bouillabaisse is awesome as well with plenty of spice. The cream puffs are quite tasty too.
Easily my favorite Charlotte venue. The size is just right and the tiered floors make it easy to find a good spot no matter how many people are there. They somehow manage to keep the temperature comfortable even with a large crowd and the sound is always spot on. It could use better beer selection and faster drink lines but that's really just nitpicking.
The stupid fries are stupidly good! How can you go wrong with fries topped with chunks of chicken, gravy, cheese, peppers and onions? We came in for a late lunch one saturday and the wait was minimal. I had the Phat Boy. It came with 2 eggs, grits, a biscuit and choice of meat. I had turkey bacon and added a side of gravy for my biscuit. Everything was excellent. Their gravy isnt the typical white gravy I am used to seeing at breakfast but its very tasty and has a kick to it. My other half got some kind of breakfast "samich" and he loved his as well. The only down side to our meal was that we waited a long time for it. Then our waiter forgot our stupid fries and we had to ask for them. When they finally came- AFTER our meal, we were going to send them back but got seduced into "just trying" them, which turned quickly into "eating half" of them. Damn you stupid fries! We left happy, overfull, and ready to start trying to walk off some of the damage we just did.
Best PhatAss Chicken Sammich eva! Kool-Aid on tap. I rave about this place, definitely in my top must eats
How does this store stay in business? When a business states that they will do something then do it. This store took my money did a horrible job and then acted as if they were doing me a favor when I asked for them to fix it. I say drive to Global Bikes in Gilbert instead.
Great customer service. Fast, knowledgeable and would highly recommend them. Defi Italy taking my bike there if needing repairs again
nice room with ALL the amenities! however the free wifi leaves ALOT to be desired...super slow!! loved that the pool and fitness room were 24hrs - that's a rare find...circle k gas/snack shop right across the parking lot (within walking distance)...the front desk staff was very friendly...the bed was heavenly...my only suggestion/complaint would be to add another waffle maker for the breakfast area (with only ONE waffle maker, it's frustrating, if the breakfast area is already crowded - which it was when we were there)...would most likely stay here again.
I wonder which escaped convict is going to try to up sell me today. How hard is it to understand I only want an oil change. Everyone here had a neck tattoo.... And don't even get me started on that guy that jumps on my hood looking for a crack in my windshield. This place is like the 9th ward of car washes.
Last visit ever. Never going back. If I could leave no stars, I would. Don't bother. Took over an hour for a half a$$ job.
yum.  best pho in phx.  Just don't expect spectacular service, and the restroom could use a scrubbing, everytime I am there, there is never any paper towels to dry hands and it smells like urine.  Good food though!
Sarah! Is "AWESOME SAUCE" I highly recommend her.  Also Shannon cut my 8year old daughters hair and Pai is totally happy!
Excellent place to tan, clean, and customer service is excellent! The location is perfect and like the different levels and options that they have
Was told they don't serve crab legs anymore and found out they did by a customer ! Need better communication with staff mcrees
Dunkin Donuts always does a good job, and the staff has been friendly every time i been there. they always make the drinks on point and delicious.
Bad food no flavor at all... Very disappointedAnd very Expensive... For cold  flavorless food. Think twice before ordering from here..
The food was delicious. The service was great. I really enjoyed it.  Best hush puppies I've ever had.  The seasoned French fries were awesome.  This is the first time I've had good fish like that, in Las Vegas.
Friendly staff, Delicious & fresh food, fast service! Highly recommended;) Clams & Oysters were very good.
The fries are great.  Very clean, staff very nice. Great service!  It's in a small strip mall.  I believe it changed owners but these guys treat you great and take pride in their food.  Have added to original menu.
Great place for Maki rolls on Wednesday.  We always leave full.  Half price Maki rolls on Wednesday.  They have a great staff. Iris is the best.
Excellent Chinese food! I love the salt n pepper shrimp and pork chops! Delivery is fast and the staff is very friendly. I definitely recommend coming here!
Best chinese restaraunt in Vegas!! Food is yummy and always great service !! Everything ive ordered is made to order and lots of meat and veggies. Ive never had a bad experience
Fries are awesome, but the food was overpriced. A wonderful atmosphere for the family and easily accessible.  The staff was completely helpful in helping to pick out gluten free food.  They have a separate fryer that cooks food to accommodate gluten free individuals.  Check this place out!
Bathroom in this place is disgusting. I went at 6 pm and they appeared to have not been cleaned for the day nor was there any toilet paper. Why would you ever buy food with a place with such a disgusting bathroom!!
Happy hour was great! And the fried goat cheese is a must have. Servers were really nice and service was speedy. Meatballs were dry and not flavorful
The service is impeccably spectacular! My BFF and I have been going to Barcelona for a good two years now and we have had nothing but excellent service and wonderfully tasty tapas every time!  Victor is an Angel that brings us our pitcher of tropical mojitos as soon as we sit down at the table and starts suggesting all of the tapas that are new for us to try.  Spicy, sweet, tangy, salty-all of these sensations are what we enjoy with our mojitos and now they even feature escargot with sauteed mushrooms in a garlic sauce that you just want to drink and then lick the plate after you're done eating!! My favorite are the mussles in a spicy soup that you can mop up with fresh cut bagette bread!  Wonderful!  I'm getting hungry just trying to explain it here so that's my cue to head over and enjoy some tapas!
Blueberry banana bread!!! It was so Yummy. Everything that we have gotten for breakfast has been wonderful. At the time we go in 7am they just have opened so its quite. But the staff is always nice and on there toes. Even though it is morning you can always have a slice of famous pie or one to go!!
Great shakes....best healthy drink I've ever had....try it you will like it. They have all the answers on the supplements you need too.
Amazing bartenders and incredible happy hour with some great microbrews.  Love the All-nighter and all their crafted brews.Great place to catch a game, and awesome setup to kick it with friends.
Loved it! Microbrews, bbq wings, patriots football. Forgot i was in vegas. Staff was fast, cigar bar ain addition. pretty cool lil place.
Worst service and food I have ever experienced at McDonald's l have ever been to.Completely wrong order. Ignored at counter when trying to get corrected and even then wrong order and yet again ignored. You would think they would be sensitive on the third time retuning to get a complete order. But no. And then ignored the fourth time when asking to get access to the bathroom.
Generally good service at a fair price. Double check your reservations. Although they completely missed my reservation once. Even after they confirmed.  However in all other cases, they have been terrific.
It was good but overpriced...sorry but hot dogs? And you gave it a fancy name..oh no never again
Awesome customer service , and most importantly good service at a reasonable cost. I will most definitely hire james again.
Another great experience! Thanks guys!! Always a clean shop and a pleasure to work with. Thank you johnny!
I love the Bento Box lunches, such a steal and always amazing!! The sashimi is always fresh, the green tea is wonderful, and recently they have hired more staff that are familiar with the food!
Delicioso!  Friendly  and affordable. Happy hour is the best.Crowded sometimes  but  the food is never disappointing. Happy hour is a nice time to try new things. Our fav as of late is the shrimp tempura roll.
Great food, great prices. Amazing happy hour! Never have to wait and always nice staff!
Slow, slow,slow!!! That's all I can say. Lot's of employees, yet it seems they have no purpose.
Don't come in. Their priority is the drive thru. Don't waste your time. Horrible customer service. I will be avoiding this place as much as possible.
Most dysfunctional chipotle ever.  Bad service, Bad portions, bad chipotle.  Do not expect the standard great chipotle experience at this location.  It is well worth the farther drive to go to another location
Pretty delicious chipotle alternative! Carnitas and steak are good, haven't tried the chicken.
Great restaurant, Veronica was an excellent caretaker of our table. Salad is always fresh and good.
Love this place. Service is spectacular! The was was very clean inside and I felt the employees really wanted to help me. Definitely will be going back to this place!
James is a great hair stylist! This will be a new place to get my Haircuts done!
Kathy is the best, she knows how to cut every kind of hair.she is really expert in her job. She is a socialize person and each time we talk together. Today was my third time and each time I tried different style and each time I was satisfy..
To much money to get in. They charge $5 for adults and $1 for players. The food in ok. The fields are not that taken care of.  The one thing that makes me mad they hassle me about being in water.  I really hate this place, but this was where the club baseball tournament was today.
Literally the best Greek food I've ever had!!! Highly recommend!! I didn't think I liked Greek food until I ate here. Also love their chicken lemon soup and lentil soup. Everything I've had was delicious and the people working their are very friendly!
Delicious, Fresh, Nice atmosphere.  Two of us split four appetizers and were full.  The wait staff was friendly and sweet.  The salad--mentioned in other reviews--was tasty, as was a beet purée dish we had.  Yum!
Killer gelato!! Yum:). Staff was friendly and let us try a few samples before.  Def going back!
So rude!!!! I hate themI wanted to call in my order so it I can just go in pay and pick up dinner. Well I was on the phone on hold the entire time while driving there. And then I was still on the hold when I arrived at the restaurant up until I was actually in front of them ready to give them my order. I said "well I can probably hang up now that I am here since you placed me on hold this entire time." I said it with a smile while looking directly at her. "You don't seem to concern about the customers on the phone do you?" She even answered the phone while I was there and placed them on hold as well. Cashier's response, "Uuuh, so what can I get for you?. There was like maybe two more couples in this place so it was not like they were bombarded with orders. This person was not even apologetic what so ever.  She asked other girl "hey did you put some one on hold". Response: Yeah, I don't know. CLUELESS. The entire staff does not have ANY customer service skills. And then when I got my order, I check to see if it was all there and I opened the box, this chick NOT EVEN LOOKING , put the packets of sauce in the my BOX!!!!!!!! while I was inspecting. Seriously!!!!!
Yumm! Yumm! Yumm! Did I say Yumm? We could eat here every day. Wish they had a lunch card program or something, lol.
Framboise on tap = delicious! The owner was awesome and it's a super cool place to come chill a ways away from the strip.My boyfriend really wanted to check this place out because of all the crazy cool craft beers they have (on tap and in a HUGE refrigerator) and I scored too because they had a nice girly drink for me :)Definitely give this place a try if you're in the Vegas area and want to get away from the madness of the strip for a little while! Prices are great, too!
JD is awesome,  he picked  the perfect beer for us. This is a very interesting place.  I guess it's geared towards the college kids.  We got greeted when we first walked in, by a young girl.  She was nice, but seemed like she wasn't sure what she was doing.  We asked her about the bigger selection of beer, and she brought us this huge book.  Nice selection, but it would be nice if it was organized for different beers.  We like Double bocks and lagers. There scattered all over the book!  So it took use at least 45 min to look through the book.  We asked her for a beer.  She came back and said they didn't have it!  We were ready to bounce!  So then JD to the rescue!  He came to us and asked if we were looking for a good Double bock.  We said yes, brought us back something.  We only ordered 1 because it was in a bottle.  It was soooooooooooooo good!  So I ordered one.  The he asked us if we went to the cooler?  huh?  So he told us to follow him.  We went into the big frig.  There was so much beer in there I felt like I was in heaven....but I hate cold, so I had to turn around and leave.  My hubby came back with another bottle of beer he thought we would like.  So we opened it, and just the smell, I had a feeling I wasn't going to like it.  It had like a coffee smell, and taste, ugggggg, nahhhhhhhhh I don't like it, and neither did my husband.  And they didn't charge u s for it.  So for the beer, ok I'm down, but to eat there is a different story.  I watch people if I can.  This place, the girl that served the drinks also cooked the food.  I didn't see her wash her hands after she messed with the register.  I'm not down with that.  I will pass on the food.
Just redeemed my Carls Rewards for a free meal !!!!!!   The meal was pretty good, but this location wasn't the best. The food just didn't taste the same, there was only one guy running the front. He was taking front orders, plus drivethru and bagging food!!! Seems like he needed a bit of help.  If I had of been paying cash for the meal, I just might've sent it back or asked for a new burger to be made. But all and all it was ok.
It was good a bit more pricey than I'm use to but good. Up north in DE u can get more sushi less money but this is the city.  The miso soup was good and tasty. I had the crunchy something with crab and the butterfly shrimp on a bed of rice. I was satisfied once finished and I would definitely go back. I had the combo 1 special $16 plus  tax another thing I'm not use to. Also, very nice inside.
Always an awesome atmosphere, and the food with service is top notch! Killer outside dinning! Great music, great drinks, great food every single time!!! A must visit while in Charlotte
Drive in is open on Sunday's! Basically 7 days a week. $7 daily but Tuesdays $5.I LOVE coming to the one and only drive in in Las Vegas. Located right next to North Las Vegas Airport, off Carey Ave and Rancho Dr. It has six screens and gets pretty packed over the weekends and more so when there is a new movie out. I recommend finding a spot an hour before show time. Plus add on at least 10 minutes of commercials to the showtime listed on their website.The ticketing staff is always friendly when we get our tickets. I feel like the snack bar needs a bit more work with customer service friendliness and more delicious items. I personally bring my own snacks because of the high prices. $5 for a large popcorn is a great deal though! Bathrooms are always clean and stocked. If you have a low car, be careful with the pavement hills. Usually people do not know how to park STRAIGHT towards the screen. Instead they park where ever they feel like fits which makes it hard for other people to get through. Be considerate fellow sinners. If your car battery happens to die, lift up your hood and go let the people in the snack bar know you need help. If its passed closing then there will be signs located around the place with a number to call and they will come help. I know this from experience!
Awesome food!!! Awesome owner Cesar is the best!!! Really big portions... I'm addicted to their salads I know salads at a pizza joint what can I say
Very nice environment, warm staff. Right next to the library, good spot to get a Sunday morning coffee and study.
No crap on tap. Best happy ahr n' tahn. The food is tasty too. This place is good for hipsters and regular folk. Try one of 20+ microbrews on draft and make sure you say hello to Jerry. Oh and try a Bloody Mary on Sunday. The house made mix tastes like a fresh garden.
Everything about this place was absolutely great! Food is great, ambience is great, waitresses are nice and friendly. If you can't speak French, no worries they can speak English.
Try southwest omelette.. Good service.. very nice location. they know how to treat the customers.
Best Sunday brunch ever. Defiantly worth the experience.I came here for their Sunday brunch with my family to celebrate my brother's master's degree.  I was highly impressed with the service. Its a very quaint and lavished buffet set up. They have a section of fresh fruits (from typical pineapples and strawberries to exotic dragon fruit and star fruit) and yogurt, a dim sum section, a seafood section (like shrimp and oysters), antipasto, desserts (French macrons and amazing almond cookies) and so much more. Everything tasted so delicious. The dumplings were authentic and the desserts just took me to Cloud 9. The food was just truly impeccable. The ambiance was very contemporary and classy. There was a live jazz band that played modern tunes are it was very melodious. I don't know where to begin with how awesome the wait staff was. Everyone from the maitre'd to the busser gave us exceptional service. I wish I could remember the name of our waitress (I'm writing this months post experience) but she was truly  outstanding.She always smiled and made sure everything was to our liking. You haven't had a true Sunday bruch until you had it at Mozen Bistro.
I can't have a latte from anywhere else.. It's always busy for a reason. Their treats are also very good but they don't often have a big variety and they run out of them fast.
Wow!!!  Good chili.  Good fries!  Best buffalo chicken sandwich I've ever tasted!!!This location is in the opposite side if town for us - hope there's one closer to home!!!
Amazing veggie burger here. Really well run place.  The food is great, staff well trained and professional.
Gotta love the milkshakes here, love me some bad daddy's. Friendly staff and very convenient. Waitstaff accessible at all hours.
Best burger in Charlotte. Awesome service. Great beer selection. They have buttermilk fried bacon, just sayin...
Awesome Burgers! 3 words... Deep Fried Bacon... enough said. Can't wait to go back. If you're ever in Charlotte and get a burger craving, check this place out.
omg the best place ever!!! food is amazing and they are accommodating!!!! I am obsessed with there fried chicken and there make your own salad!!! Sometimes service can be a little slow but usually they are on it!!! WILL COME BACK MANY MORE TIMES!
Good times.   Stuffed shrooms. Meh.   Great wings.  drink selection good. fairly large sports book
Major disappointment!  The food and service were horrible.  Great place to catch up on the games but skip the food as there are better options out there.  Waitress messed up the order and gave us a somewhat of an apology.
In-N-Out Drive thru was hopping on a Friday night, thankfully they have a actual person taking order for the cars waiting in line, that way payment is smooth at the 1st window and the food is ready to go when you pull-up to the second.Food was still warm when I came home and absolutly delicious as usual.  When I do get fast food, I always make it In-N-Out because nothing else compares.Google their "secret menu" to order special prepared items!
Delicious burgers and always fast and friendly service.  One of my favorites!  The shakes are one of the best around.  Fries dont do much for me but smother them in salt and ketchup and pretty darn good.  It's nice to see a burger place with employees that take pride in their work.
I love this place. The new owner Mike is pretty awesome. Great local dive bar. I highly recommend this place.
Great people, great service, great prices. Love this place! The friendliness of the staff will keep us coming back. It was very easy to find... Especially since there is a giant silver unicorn out front. We are new in town and we will definitely take all of our family and friends who come to visit from Ohio to the rust spur.
great food and service! the grilled octopus melts in your mouth. Many people ask for the crepes suzzette which they prepare table side so be ready for lots of flames in the dining room :)
Very friendly and prompt service. I needed to get my fingerprints done because I am in the process of opening a group home. Thank you for taking care of me and getting me in and out very quickly
First Saturday if the month is crazy fun with DJ Tim Walters! ;-)Bartenders Mark and Charlie are the bomb! :-)
Within the last 4 or 5 months this location got a facelift and it looks good/fresh. When I'm not on the mat, I love me some LA Fitness.  Close to home and work so it's always convenient :) I wish their classes were a little more hardcore than they are.... Location is suberb as I can always make it there from both work and home very convienantly.
It was the best chicken and waffles ever and the service very friendly. My fiance who ate at  Roscos in La when he lived there said it even beat them for their chicken and waffles . So we recommend it to all our friends who live here and come here to visit.
The best soul food I had in Vegas by far so if your in Vegas you might want to make the effort to get some good soul food
Stopped in for carry out. Food:   Delicious Service:    Awesome Price:   Very ReasonableWILL BE BACK !!I loved the mashed potatoes !!
Best soul food in Vegas by far!!! Great service!! Thanks Alyson and Q! I enjoyed the Ox tails and baby back ribs. Boom!!
Great service foods good prices are good too! I had the potato salad red beans and rice but my fav was the fried okra and the cabbage!!!
Food was awesome as usual!!! Could not finish it, but took it to my hotel.  It was so good had it the next day.  I think this a great place to get a home cooked meal when you are traveling.
I love it here! Especially for lunch ... it's fresh and totally easy! It's s blend of a trader joes and a whole foods without the crazy long lines or the high prices!
Terrible service during the weekdays. Food is nasty also. Makes want to throw up just thinking about that place
Love this place! So convenient and I always find something new to try!!This is my go-to place when I am in a rush for something to cook up for dinner!  They have great prices on produce and meat.  I love the pumpkin bagels when they have them.  Very clean and the staff is always friendly.  Plus, every time I shop here and spend more than $20 I earn money for my school.  Their store brand salsas are delicious with their lime flavored chips.
This is excellent Thai food by real Thai people!Good experience in all areas.The owner was friendly and we talked for a good 20 mins. He has special meals that heMakes from time to time that you would truly only find in a Thai persons home.Good place. Nothin fancy. Just good Thai food in a clean, no frills environment
Great place on Tuesday for cheap tacos and beers.  The outdoor patio is awesome when the weather is nice.
Cheesecake bites!!!! Still need more varieties of ice cream though, but what they currently have is still good, a lot of toppings to choose from as well
I absolutely love this gym! It's pretty much always busy, but never so busy that you can't workout. They have top of the line equipment and it is always clean. Every time I walk in, everyone is super nice and welcoming. Also, even though we all need to make a buck , there's no car salesman feeling when they talk to you about buying a membership or personal training. They have an outdoor swimming pool - which is a MAJOR plus! They also have an outdoor turf with an awning so you can workout without the sun baking you. You have to bring your own basketball but they have a great court!
Facility is great. Staff sucks. This is not my local 24, but I drive all the way over here because I like the facility. Unfortunately I will never be back because of the run around I've received from the misinformed staff. My local 24, the one in summerlin has a waaaaaaaaaay better staff but their set up sucks. Can't win with 24 hour fitness
Never Ever take your dog here to be groomed!!! This is going to be long sorry, but seriously I made the mistake of coming here too many times!! Okay so I have brought my dog here a handful of times and only twice has he come home okay. You think I would have learned my lesson but turns out it took awhile.  The first time I brought him here he had a reaction to the shampoo and developed hot spots which can be hard to get rid of. They won't care for your animal if they have hot spots. So when I finally brought him back in again we all agreed to use the hypo shampoo that had no scent etc. Went and got him and he was perfectly fine so I figured okay problem solved. So I took him again and this time when they brought him out (mind you he now hates going to the groomers and I couldn't figure out why*more on that later*) and he practically jumped the door to get out. It was a mad house so I took him and left. Once I got home I realized that wait this isn't his collar?? So I called and they have no recollection of me or his collar. Wait no recollection of me/my dog/ or his collar that had his NAME on it with his rabies tag and name tag?? So I had to shell out money to replace those and he had another reaction to being there. I make another appointment for a bath and to have him shaved and the girl on the phone didn't add the shaved part so when I show up they tell me sorry he's only scheduled for a bath we can't help you with the other. So he has a bath and he seems to be okay. He still hates going there but I chalk it up to just my bad luck.  Nope... no that is just not the case. I make one final appointment to get him bathed and Shaved because I haven't found a new groomer that doesn't cost more than it costs me to have my hair done yet other than Petsmart that's in my area and we're going on vacation.  I take him in and they do their check and deem him good to go, so I leave him there at 10am.  I get a call at noon saying we just did a check and discovered a spot and took him to banfield to have it checked out. They said they could give him a bath but not shave him.  I asked if they could at least scissor cut him because he desperately needs a hair cut and his hot spot isn't going to heal well if it can't get air... they said no. Fine whatever it's your policy I will let that go however I want to know why it is noon and you are just NOW checking my dog again?? I'm seriously mad that he was crated for 2 hours before someone decided to touch him!! I get there to pick him up and he's visibly upset and wants out of there as fast as possible. They pull his collar for me to hook his lead and what do you know that's not his collar. It's a dirty orange collar (my dog had a fairly new black choke collar). So I said to them calmly but not nicely that's not his collar. They all stopped and stood looking at me with this shocked dumbfounded look. The woman was like well this is collar that was in his cage it must be his. The girl who checked him in actually said yeah that's the one that was put in his cage with him.  So they go back there searching... girl who checked him in comes back and says you know actually I don't think he had a collar on when you brought him in. I'm sorry say what?? I got mad but again said calmly this is the SECOND time you have lost his collar and I stood there not moving. They all stared for awhile longer until the girl finally said well I can note it in the account and we can replace the collar right now. Oh okay good so we go and I show her what he had on and said that his was black. She picks up a red one. She fit him for it and said okay but I found a black one and handed it to her (if you're going to replace something you should replace it with the same thing). She goes and tells the store manager so they can take the sensor off and write it off and he's dumbfounded as to how they lost a collar, comes up to me and says sorry about that we've had issues with collars disappearing lately. The girl has the nerve to laugh and say yeah they're kind of like socks around here.  So wait let me get this straight you bring him out terrified in the wrong collar... pretty much accuse me of lying about it not being his collar, then accuse me of lying saying he didn't have one when he came in... and NOW you're telling me this happens regularly??? Nope NEVER coming back here again. I will drive out to Indian Trail to take him to his old groomer before I will bring him back here again. OH and FYI the reason he kept having a reaction to the shampoo is because they weren't washing it all out!!! Discovered that as well. All the dogs I saw there Sat looked terrified and were crying... seriously you would have thought it was a shelter!! I suggest staying as far away as possible to the Pet Smart Groomers on Rea Rd across from Blakeney!!!
Love this place. The employees are nice and helpful. I love all the wine. Definitely listen to any recommendations. Quick & easy :)
Very small men's section with very few fashionable items.   Coming from Chicago this is really sort of dingy and small overall.  Understaffed, there was nobody to help out or do dressing room assistance even on a not so busy day.  Old feeling store with poor lighting.  Surely there're better stores in the city.
Shoe lady is the rudest person ever!! She had no respect for customers she horrible!!! I will never go back there again I don't like to be treated like that and I'm sure no one does!!
Super horrible Indian restaurant to visit in Vegas. The food is too pricy. The lady over there was too harsh and service was pathetic. I would never recommend this place. I wished to give them a zero but there is no option.
Easy walking distance from the Renaissance Southpark hotel. Healthy beakfast selections look tasty as well.The food was good, even superb but $42 (before the tip) for breakfast?  WTF?  Was here with the GF on a quick trip to Charlotte.  Granted, this is in the South Park area which is quite trendy and upscale but still, 42 bucks for omelettes, juice, coffee and pancakes...helllllllll no.  Won't be coming back here unless it's on the company dime.
Their bloody marys have bacon!I love Terrace Cafe for brunch on the weekends! If you love egg benedict dishes you have to try this place. The florentine is my favorite, but they also have a benedict with fielt medallions! Some of their specials include salmon benedict and crab cake benedict. Make sure to let them know how you like your eggs poached...Sometimes they'll come out a little too done.
Food is decent but expensive for what you get.Consistently very busy. If you work in Piedmont Town Center and you have to eat real food quickly before your next meeting, Terrace is a great option. If you're not in a huge rush, there are better options (both in quality and in price) within a few minutes drive.
Food is decent but expensive for what you get.Consistently very busy. If you work in Piedmont Town Center and you have to eat real food quickly before your next meeting, Terrace is a great option. If you're not in a huge rush, there are better options (both in quality and in price) within a few minutes drive.
Red velvet waffle is soooooo good!  Will try the chicken and waffles next time... One of my favorite combinations!
Best sandwiches in town. This has become myfavorite sandwich shop.   Love the theme,  reminds me of my  youth.   Great friendly staff
great food and wonderful and helpful staff. Cant wait to go back again. Would recommend anyone to go.
Solid place to get your food.  Really good toasted sandwiches.  Good atmosphere too. Took 3 other people for their first time and they were all happy with their food.
Bring your hubby here to pick out his own gift.  done and doneAwesome service.  The saleswoman had answers to our questions.  My hubby was in geek heaven here !!! Purchased the multi pen of his dreams , and relieved me of having to find something to buy for him for his birthday.  An all around win !! Thanks so much to the knowledgeable staff helping him to get exactly what he was looking for.  You made my gift giving season so much easier
Awesome food. Dan Dan chicken noodles is superb. Very good ambience too. But very less space to move as the tables are really close to each other.
The fried tofu is awesome. Beef noodle is very flavorful. Gao Mun Gai is the best around. Chili mint Chicken is awesome as well. The Best Thai restaurant we have found in the Vegas area so far. Definitely recommended. The only bad thing is the restaurant is pretty small, not good for a large group of people.
Amazing food and good service. I'm addicted! Can't wait to eat here again. It's a hole in the wall place that's worth a try you will be glad you did.
it was good but took too long and paid way too much but whatever now I know so ya and my coworkers agreed
Slept here. Very clean and nice. Comfortable.Room CleanTV worked.Internet logged on fastClean lobby, nice little bar/restaurant that I missed using.Courteous staff.Comfortable rooms.
A must when visiting Arizona. This small hike was breathtaking! These rocks are really cool.. Near the botanical garden and the zoo.. Fun lil spot to visit
Saw a groupon on this place and let me tell you.. it was super worth it. Me and my boyfriend will definitely be back :) sweet potato fries were delicious! Plus the service was excellent!that juicy lucy is amaaaazing!!can't wait to come back!
Tyler was awesome..... Nice guy very helpful! Good selection didn't feel uncomfortable at all.
Great food !!!! We had super fast service ! :))) I would definitely recommended !!!! I had some chicken bowl that was recommended by the server .... It was delicious!!!
Much better.. Sorry Von's.Family run - owner is usually on property. Super friendly staff. Excellent prices. Amazing butcher. Great deli. Produce - gives any Mexican market a run for its money.Speciality items, this is the place.Glazier's Food Marketplace is the best of Vegas. No question about it.
TRy, pretty good. Worth it. Very good.It is my first time. It was worth to go.It was good restaurant in Charlotte. Go with your friends.
This breakfast and lunch restaurant is all about great food.  Excellent portions, quality, and staff. Breakfast and lunch can't be beat!
Great service! Tim was awesome, very friendly and professional. Carpet looked great after it dried.
Great customer service! They were very polite and accommodating! Most places are rude if you bring in a friend who isn't getting their nails done, but they were very very sweet about it.
I've been coming here for years and will not go anywhere else! Very clean and comfy! I'm a cocktail waitress and these poor tootsies go thru the ringer!!
This place is awesome! Vicky does a wonderful job with my nails and staff is very friendly
One of our favorite places.  Great food and service. They give teachers free drink. Try the lemon cake.  Pepper jack Crawfish soup is one of the best!  They will let you sample soup of the day so just ask if can't decide.
Blonde hostess has no people skills and rude as fuck. Great food and huge menu. Everything is delicious. Get rid of the hostess though.
Good, Clean and dependable. Free wifi.  I go out of my way to do my laundry here.  It obvious they care about their customers.
Nice place, like the coffee.  Lots of snacks and baked goods too.  Could double their business by getting comfortable chairs.
Coffee is great but they don't have Splenda.  I asked the person behind the counter and they said we have stevia. I explained that stevia least a nasty aftertaste and they said we only carry all natural products. I would say that the pastries that are in your display case beg to differ.
This place is fucking worthless.A half-ass Wal Mart in every sense of the word. None of the department items are ever fully stocked. They never have what I need. Also - did I mention ghetto? For a WalMart, that is saying a lot.One of the pharmacy techs asked my husband if he had AIDS, because the computer said ADS next to his name (which she later found out meant update his address). Like, wtf. The photo center is just a bunch of do it yourself printers. And the employees have no knowledge. Don't waste your time, try another store or hit up Target.
Excellent food and service! Very welcoming. The kids meal included appetizer and dessert. Will go back for sure!!!
I enjoyed the food and the selection.  Best $6 buffet ever. You know going to a $6 that the meat quality is going to be a little iffy and they need to be doing something to money money. I went to the buffet and felt like I was speaking like king. The food tasted great and had a variety of different flavors. I wish I lived by so i could hit them up more often.
Yelp let me down on this one. The food lacked flavor. We won't be going back. We ordered takeout and they didn't give us napkins or silverware. The sweet and sour shrimp was gross. My daughter didn't like the orange chicken either. The only thing that she did like was the crab puffs.
Closed- remove it YELP. Sheesh!!!There is no Havana cuisine.  People waiting time looking for a place that no longer exists.
Viet Kitchen has superb food. Friendly staff who are welcoming and accommodating. The food is fresh, clean and fulfilling.
So good!! Highly recommend the pho soup. The spring rolls are great too casual atmosphere and great service.
They are amazing! They help you and explain and answer EVERYTHING!!! A little hard to find but so worth the search!!
They have a pastry called the crostada and it is delicious. It's like a breakfast casserole in a pie shell and probably very caloric but also very delicious. They have a huge spread of breakfast pastries and are famous for their croissants. They also have coffee. Great place to start your morning, especially in the summer where you can take advantage of their sidewalk tables.
Best Mexican food in Vegas!  Have the leticia's special tacos.  They are the best!!!
Great food and our server was the best, find Morri at the bar.Was my first time in for dinner, Morri was great, he took time explaining some of the many things offered on the menu, answering all our questions. The food was great and very traditional. I know I will be back, and if Morri is working I will be sitting at the bar.
Some of the best Mexican food we've ever had! We love going here. Great atmosphere, wonderful service, & the food is delicious!Everything we've tried is so good!
Best Tacos. Best everything. Love this place! The chips and dip are so good. Enchiladas are good. Street tacos are the best. You have to try this. It is the best food!
Saturday nights from 8:30-11pm is karaoke. The ambiance and service are exceptional!! They have the most amazing bean dip that comes free with chips and salsa! Great food!
The best of the best as far as Mexican food in the entire Las Vegas valley!  Seriously look no farther cause this is it.  The portions are perfectly sized and moderately priced.  The mood and ambiance is perfect for a date night or a family sit down for great food.  This is a family business and you can tell by the personalized service and great tasting food.  Plenty of parking available, but it does get busy on the weekends, but why won't it?!!  The food is just that good guys!
Great food. Good atmosphere.  The lines speak for themselves.Haven't had a bad dish here yet.  Staff is super friendly and attentive.
Lively atmosphere & killer pozolè & it's available all the time...... Score. Love the devote & very friendly staff. The margaritas looked really good but I had a michelada & it was delish!
Excellent food and great customer service!  Will always come back!  Great staff and the highest level of service. Thanks guys!
Great food, crappy service every time. Every time I go, the food is always amazing and they hit it out of the park on that end. However, they're service sucks.  Even when it's slow, the service is slow. I ordered a drink and didn't get it til mid way through the meal. Mind you that was when we first sat down I ordered a drink. Oh and there was only a handful of people in there. Not sure what the hold up is.
Great food, music, staff...all around good time. Have never been disappointed.  It's the 'go to' place in Surprise.
My folks get fresh fish from here. Always very excellent tasting. I would recommend this spot to any seafood lovers.
Visited the Sleepy Dog on my way home because I'd noticed it a couple blocks from my house. It doesnt stand out well in it's industrial park setting, but inside the staff were friendly and knowledgeable of thier beers, and more than willing to chat with us as we enjoyed a variety of their brews and watched the original Die Hard on their TV.Pro Tip: Try the scooter its solid.
They used to be good but lately are over cooking everything. Wings are very dry.  Service is great but too expensive for the type of eatery that it is.
"Cards and Stationary" and license plate cuff bracelets, and screen printed PGH Tees for babies and grown-ups, and hand bound journals, and books, and... Well you check it and add your own.The $10 gift card I received for volunteering at Handmade Arcade Fall 2011 was burning a hole in my purse. Serendipity lent a hand when I had to come up with my own PGH Detour to head North from Blvd. Allies. A quick slip over Polish Hill, right, left, right and I was in the heart of Lawrencville. The quarter lot across the street sealed the deal. Deciding what NOT to buy was the hardest part. I decided on a licensed plate cuff bracelet, mini mini elephant and horse for my Sweet G, pink flocked wrapping paper to upcycle a battered wooden tray at home, a quirky graduation card, an even more quirky baby shower card, 2 PGH architecture books, and lastly a French repro post card I will frame for my bathroom wall's delight.The salesperson was lovely although, not as chatty as I was. I don' t think I can hold that against her though.The said $10.00 Gift certificate? After carrying it around for months on end, I left it at home. No biggie. I will use it next time. And there will be a next time. My little hipster in training has declared her piggy bank "cents" will be spent there.
This place is amazing. Get all your lattes hot - they actually make the designs on top! Honey vanilla latte is amazing. So good. Cool, hipster vibe. They also have deals (I forget exactly what the deal is, I apologize) on all their bakery items during the mid-afternoon; I ended up getting a delicious muffin for very cheap, I think just a couple bucks if I remember correctly!
Love this place! Very relaxed enviorment and great place to come to study. If you like trendy and that hipster vibe than look no further. I don't personally look got those things in a coffee shop but I do love the location and hiw it opens up to the street. Oh and you have to try the honey vanilla latte...yum!
Good customer service and quick!!  We had left the zoo when the oil light went off and they took us right away!  Very happy with my oil change. And $4 discount!!
They are always so consistent. Love when they put bling bows on the dog ears. Can't get enough of the rhinestone or glitter bows. It's so cute. My toy poodle doesn't come home smelling like cheap perfume like other dog salons.
this place is garbage do not come here the people are rude as hell!!!!! DO NOT COME HERE!!!
The BBQ chicken is magnificent. I prefer the Carolina Gold sauce. The corn bread is mouthwatering and you should finish with Banana pudding!  Make sure you look at their hours  because they close earlier than most restaurants.  I suspect this is because they are so busy that they don't have to stay open late to make money.  If you love good southern BBQ, then you have to give this place a try.  They have a great selection of sauces that are all good.  You will just have to decide which is YOUR favorite!
Hamburger with animal sauce is the best. best fries while they are hot
Stuffed cabbage - yum! I haven't had stuffed cabbage in years and this did not disappoint!We really liked this place and will go back again and again. It was clean, restrooms were clean, food was great and the workers were friendly.
Don't waste your money... luckily we got a heavy discount.If you think of it as an interactive CSI Museum where you can learn how to collect evidence and think like a CSI then this might be for you.  But if you were thinking you would have to use your brain cells to solve a crime, you will be disappointed.  When you watch the interactive terminals, the CSI's actually spoon feed the info to you.  It seems like they just want the line to move as quickly as possible so people aren't waiting around for you.  What they could've done was create three different skill level scenarios.   This way people know what they're getting into.  Maybe pay more for the more difficult elaborate case.  Oh well,  You can always play the CSI games on the computer.  Those are way more fun.
Super boring, do not waste your time. All you do is walk around from station to station, they say it will take up to an hour, but no it can be done in 20 min. You're just waiting around for the people in front of you. We had more fun taking pictures of ourselves at the end then we did in the actual "experience" glad I didn't pay full price.
There are 100,000 ways to waste money in Vegas.  This may be the least fulfilling. Yes, even worse than getting syphilis from that twice-divorced, 40-something "I'm 48, I'm not dead" MILF you met outside of the Flamingo.CSI: The Experience has literally no redeeming value. We went in thinking we might see some displays that show, like, Luminol in action and stuff. No.Rather, you are given a clipboard and walk from a staged "crime scene" to several "forensic stations" to solve the crime.Fisher-Price toys require advanced skills compared to solving this "crime."Even worse, key parts of the displays were not functioning. Like, say, the LED that is supposed to make the water of a "drug test" turn red.As you reach the end, the staff asks if you'd like to dress up in CSI costumes and have your photo taken as you solve your case. Hell no. I want *no evidence* to document my presence.Oh, there was a crime committed here. It happened at the cash register when they took my $24.
Love the Capastrami Sandwich!! Every time I'm here I've got to get my fix!! The guys are always quick, friendly and make a great sandwich. This is the perfect example of a 5 star place, I crave it when I'm in the area!
Great cheese steak.  Add the hot peppers and the sweet peppers and the mushrooms.    Italian sub is a good second choice.
Best burger I've found so far in Charlotte and the place just looks cool.  I ordered the Southern Prime Crunch Burger.  There are homemade chips on the burger thus the "crunch". I'll definitely be back there to try some more burgers and have that one again.
Time for a delicious burger!Fried pickles, a bloody Mary, a burger and fries?!?!! There was not a crumb left on my plate! If you are in the mood for a burger, you can't go wrong at The Liberty!
Great place..  Amazing  service.  Loved the ambiance and friendly staff. Reasonable  prices,, just  bring  your bathing  suit.  They provide everything. Including apples.
Great bar!! Service & food are great.....fish n chips are a must try. The energy is always good. Michelle, thank you for the great service!!!
Still waiting on their gift card hahaha this company is such a joke omg I wasn't going back I was just thinking I'd give it to Someone but still hasn't come went to the extent of asking for my address obviously. So funny
Very good, crust and sauce just right, closest to a home town San Francisco pizza..  We had the antipasto salad for the Ist time recently and I was sadly disappointed especially based on other reviews.  It is a good salad but a poor antipasto salad, 80-90% lettuce, it should be labeled Italian Salad.
Nice atmosphere in the middle of South Side Carson street. Great coffee, fast & pleasant....Nicest server!!!
Great Customer Service...When I first moved to Las Vegas 4 1/2 years ago this was one of the first stores where my family and I shopped. I wanted to purchase something that was on display that I couldn't find on the shelf.An associate walked up to me and asked if I needed assistance.  I explained that I could not find an item. The associate pulled out a PDA, typed in the UPC, then 5 seconds later apologized for not having it in stock. Then proceeded to inform me that one of the other local stores a 3 on hand. The associate then asked if I would like to have one set aside for me at that location. I said thank you but, no, I'd rather make the purchase at this location. The associate proceeded to type in a few things on the PDA, then told me that he just ordered more units and the delivery will arrive in 3 or 4 days.  Then asked if I would like someone to call me when the item arrived. The item arrived on schedule AND I received a phone call informing me that my item was ready.  Are you kidding me!That is great customer service. Say what you want about Walmart, they earned my business.
I dropped off our 2001 BMW Z3 there for a $130+ oil change before 9am on Monday 6/23. When I came to pick it up approx. 8 hours later, there was a 1.5 feet long crack on the windshield. Nobody had given me a heads up that my windshield broke while the vehicle was in their possession. They turned over the vehicle to me as if nothing happened. In fact, they could not tell us FOR SURE when or how it broke, not even an estimated timeline, except for their "theory" that a chip on the windshield was what caused the crack, and that they are 100% SURE that the chip was "pre-existing" without any proper documentation or conclusive evidence, except for "law of physics."  BMW refuses to fix the windshield or offer ANY KIND of compensation for mishandling our car and the inconvenience they have caused us. Their snide condescending comments made it obvious they were discriminatory towards me and my wife because our car is older and that we never get their overpriced recommended maintenance done with them.Now my wife and I are quite reasonable and logical people. We understand very well that a chip is the most common cause of windshield cracking. However, don't tell us that you're 100% SURE the chip was not sustained at the service center unless you saw it got chipped and crack right in front of your eyes. You can't even take the time to investigate, ask your techs/carwash attendant and tell us approximately when it happened or they first noticed the crack - before/during the oil change, before/after the car wash, while it was sitting out in the lot waiting for pick-up, etc. - and what EXACTLY aggravated the chip to form a crack. Confess the details of the incident! Even if there was only 1% chance of sustaining a chip in your service center because of "law of physics," how hard is it for luxury-brand customer service professionals to say, "We're very sorry that your windshield cracked while it was here. we investigated the incident but we don't have specific details when and how it cracked. Unfortunately, it's our company policy that if there's a chip along the crack on the windshield, we ASSUME that it's pre-existing and can't take full responsibility for any damage to the windshield. However, because we value you as a repeat customer and understand that this has caused you inconvenience, we'd like to make sure you continue to trust us and come back, so here's a complimentary oil change on your next visit." dude, even a free air freshener - something!!! There, that's a FREE five-star excellent customer service lesson from us to you! They never even offered us water when we came to talk with the manager in person.Anyway, we would never go back there even if it was free and risk getting our car back with broken windshield or who knows what else. Jiffy Lube could've gotten my oil change done for half the price without breaking my windshield!Here's a tip for those who want to continue to take the risk in doing business with their service center, make sure you document and take photos of every part of your vehicle prior to leaving your car with these appallingly calloused, shady people.Note to Shaun Ramirez, Parts/Service Director: instead of playing Physicist and giving us lesson on "law of physics," maybe you should focus more on learning about high-end customer service that BMW owners deserve regardless of how old their car is or what you perceive their social status to be. Assuring us that for every 10 customers you have who are unhappy as us and our friends who have had bad experience with you, you can find 10 who can say you did the right thing is just a proof you have no business to be working for a luxury-brand company to be bragging about your 50% customer satisfaction rate. You and your manager Josh should be working at a Walmart Lube Center and not BMW.
Fantastic show! Best show in Vegas!!!!!! Loved it! They deserve every standing ovation they get. The crowd loved it. I could see their show every night!!!!
Such a great show!!! Very talented I was very impressed. I can honestly say I did not expect the show to be as good as it was. The staff was also very accomodating and very professional.
Both times I've been here it was really slow service.  Sushi quality varies wildly. Not worth the time investment
Amazing. Fresh food amazing flavor. A must for anyone who appreciates sushi. Wide variety of sushi options and some new fun items to try.
Love it here. . Win a little. . Drink a little. .dance a lot. Love the bands! I like to support local bands and this place doesn't disappoint!
Call and schedule with Kelsey Fenner!!!! Its the best salon experience you will ever have. Massage/ bombshell hair/ affordable prices? SIGN ME UP!!!!
Great food full of flavor! Very reasonable prices too. We has the breakfast plates and were very good. They have menudo every day and differnrt types of salsa. 99 cents for unlimited chips and salsa. Will come back here again!
This gonna be my next favorite spot beside Panera Bread.  So much different variety of food and it's healthy stuff.  It's a Mediterranean food. They have different type of pita, wraps, and salad. For the meat eater there are different type of Kabob. Great place for lunch in the uptown area and always crowded.
Always fresh and the service is great! I love the tossed Greek salad and salmon kebabs. Getting free stuff with the app is also a plus.
Always fresh and the service is great! I love the Zoe's app... I'm eating a pita sandwich half off. Yum
Cool local feel to the shop. Not commercialized like other fro yo places, which is good and bad.dThey don't have 457 flavors but enough to please most. They do the serving with old fashioned sized cups instead of one-cup-fits-all. I like htat it's a local joint and they have never been super busy that I'm waiting in line. Mostly singles/couples/small groups or families. It's close to a hotel I stay at regularly, so this has become a staple for me for a midday snack.
Great taste, thick body flavor, creamy texture and pretty basic flavors.The owner was very nice!
Awesome!!!!! Simply the best. Great customer service, great work!! Great everything! I have had 20 BMW's and I will go no where other than Eurowise!  No waiting, easy location, everything about this operation is A+!
Filbertos is there when I need it. But boy did it go up in price. Anyway, it's open 24 hours and 5 minutes away, so I can't complain.
Blehh tastes like wayyy over priced microwave pizza! Bland! Weird cheese. The only reason we got food from here is because Sofia's best was closed. Sofia's is 100 times better and for half the price. I will never go back to bambinis just because the food tastes like crap. I would rather have little Caesars than this place
Buy wings get double for free on Tuesday!i remember going to a hooters for the first time. a time in my life when the mere glance at boobage brought me to my seat... well cus you know a young guy with a boner isnt socially acceptable.wings and girls in revealing shorts and shirts. what young college guy wouldnt want to go.its been years since ive been and have to say the wings are smaller but still have a lot of breading on them.they were ok.had one of their craft beers. i forgot the name but it had apricot in it. was good. surprisingly light.there are other better places for wings, but those places dont have as nearly as many boobages.
Very helpful..very friendly staff will always come here for my tire needs! !! They cut me a deal for two tires and put my other two tires under there warrenty!! I won't have tire problems for awhile!
Great tire store. They really go out of their way to help me. I come to this store for all my tire needs.
We keep going back as they always take good care of us. :)  Today was just a flat tire, but they were nice, professional, and fixed it for free.  I love that I can get air pressure check anytime I want for free as well.
Super friendly employees and great service. .This is the only place I will buy car tires, they have great prices fill up your tires with air anytime and just found out if you get a nail in your tire they fix it free.. everyone working here is going full speed to get you in and out as fast as possible but never in to much of a hurry to stop and help customers and answer any questions you may have..
Great service, fast and no charge for patching up my tire!!! I had a screw stuck in my tire. Did I mention that there was no charge for this service... I would recommend this place to everyone and I will be back for when I need new tires for sure!
Fast, honest and friendly. Thank you guys!!! They came over to the shop next door to even give me a price when I was getting my oil changed. Every employee there was helpful and very friendly! Will be coming back and sending people here!
Don't shop on an empty stomach, you'll buy way too much! :0) Good selection and nice, low prices!
Bacon wrapped tater tots drizzled in maple syrup is the bomb!They used to have the the thanksgiving on a plate which was awesome.  I am not much of a burger fan but honestly the pretzel bun is to DIE for!!!  One good thing with Fran is if you get to know her, she will make anything happen!  Meatballs with EXTRA bread are a must!!!  you can get them gooey but I like just a little cheese myself!
Great service. My new favorite place for breakfast. Try the 3 Amigos.  Basic breakfast done right Wonderful for meetings  quiet and never crowed
Great place bartenter is great.one hell  of bloody Mary.  We will be back soon were from riverside a little drive
Love the "Order Online!" Walked in, saw huge line... Not a problem!  We have  ordered online several times now, the food is always ready, still hot when I get home and the best part,no waiting. They've done a great job with zero mistakes so far!  Did I mention the food is good?The only people I see upset are those waiting in line.
Love the "Order Online!" Walked in, saw huge line... Not a problem!  We have  ordered online several times now, the food is always ready, still hot when I get home and the best part,no waiting. They've done a great job with zero mistakes so far!  Did I mention the food is good?  I am not looking for a 5 Star meal or I wouldn't be going to Panda.  The only people I see upset are those waiting in line.
Horrible customer service !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  No eye contact, as I'm telling guy my order he finishes a prior conversation with co worker . He cuts me off when I begin asking a question as if he already knows what I'm going to ask . He acts like he doesn't give a crap. I will not put his name on here hoping this would change because I love starbucks drinks .
Fast service and the barista calls your order by name. Great feeling! As a former barista, I really appreciate that. However they did charge me extra for my cream cheese, but everyone does.
The only place I trust to do my eyebrows! I prefer Sudi :)
It may be pricy but they actually have great sales, go at the right time and you can get some awesome stuff for Walmart prices! It is also hard some times finding someone to check you out, but hey it's retail. They are always nice here and if your a "secret super member!) you get first dibs on sales not advertised. Oh Macy's how I love thee :)
Best korean food! Best service!!They don't use MSG.  food was great. What can I say~I will come back this restaurant when I have a chance to visit Phoenix again..
Make yourself a regular here. A damn good Bunch of guys.  There was a fight on the tv at the time and the whole shop was watching, fellas laughing and joking, shouting for a guy to hit the other and one fella couldn't figure out who the hell he was rooting for.My wait took as long as it takes to get in sit down and wait.Mr. Nash is a fine man and a genuine pleasure along with his son and the other boys with whom I will eventually become familiar with as well. I was satisfied after parting with my money. The fellas are very receptive to your desires as to what the hell you want. Just tell your barber what the hell you want. He'll do his best. These boys listen. And do their best. Give them your money in exchange for their exemplary serVice, expertise, and all around good demeanor. Make yourself a regular here. Keep a good business, good men, and good service; open.
Tomato and egg baguette for breakfast today. They are very tasty!Pret a Manger gets my vote for being the best consistantly good lunch option near my office. I really like the healthy options, calorie counting and superfood stuff. Plus the meatball wrap is fine for a Friday treat if you are feeling naughty!
The environment is a lot nicer than it was previously...no complaints other than the fruit flies around the open ketchup dispenser...tht was kinda nasty...This McDonald's has a very nice updated decor. I like how the furniture and the tables appear to come from IKEA.  They now have Bar style seating with large red cushions that are smooth and made of some kind of leather like material. The wall tiles are very large giving the dining area a feeling of openness. My favorite thing about this McDonald's is that the menu is on large LCD TV screens as opposed to a chart. The picture quality is really clear and bright and the options are easy to read as opposed to before when they were dimly lit. The parking lot is a lot more open too giving you a chance to maneuver around cars that are backing out or waiting in the drive through line. This McDonald's is definitely an upgrade from the one that was there before. it's no longer on a sharp hill but everything around the restaurant is generally flat so that makes for a nice smooth trip going through the drive-through.
The big man is good, ordered with jalapeño. Sitting on the patio enjoying a beer is nice. You see the locals entertainment on the street; very enjoyable place.
Great polish sausage.bigger than the bun...hot dog was good too. Onion rings were great as well.a bunch of different combinations to have a hot dog with
today for lunch I had the chili cheese fries & I loved it!!! The chili didn't taste gross or cheap. Very good quality!
Sucks. Never coming here again. Service horrible. 4 tables that got here after us received their food before us. The waitress was clueless and came to our table once to see how we were. She should of been able to realize that our food still hadn't been delivered to our table. Save your money. Food also sucked. French toast was sprinkled w cinnamon (too much cinnamon that you couldn't enjoy the meal) AND the manager didn't offer to comp anything. Paid $30 for bad service and food.We waited for 40 minutes before anyone realized there was anything wrong and that others were getting their orders before us.I understand that mistakes happen and usually I am happy to wait for them to fix the mistake but they seemed non remorseful for their mistake. They really don't care to make the customer happy or that they would lose a customer. That is sad. Adios!
Best in this hoodGreat food and great serviceDefinitely this place will be my hangout breakfast place to go to, I am glad I found it.
outstanding food and service! the most genuine employees and a wonderful breakfast! meat lover's scramble and the turkey sausage benedict were exceptional! look forward to coming back.
Service was fantastic and the coffee is good here! Will definately be back! The food is so good!
One of my favorite places!!! It's so much fun! Great place for large groups!!! Definitely a must go when in Las Vegas!
Manager is very disrespectful to staff and customers. Had to leave and go elsewhere. I've been asked to elaborate so will at the manager berated the staff while I was attempting to get service. I complained and the manager called security to remove me. Really didn't think that needed to happen.
Awesome experience here!  Ask for Ashley T. The service is top notch and very friendly!  If you love people watching, this is your mecca!
That's the best BBQ in town, delightfully deeeelicious!!!!!!!!!  So when you are in Las Vegas stop by there you will be pleased that you did, I know that for a fact! Ask for Dave the General Manger, or Gus who waited on us they were amazing!!!
Best food for the price! Always a first choice! The staple dishes are curry noodles, eggplant and spring rolls!!
If you're craving a burger, this is the place to come. Great service, great food, and super fast!! We will definitely be back.
Burgerfi is shit. Five guys does it right. Come eat a real burger here!!!!!!!! Even a little burger and small fry would fill up a hungry man!! Bravo
Customer service is amazing and the food is great. The staff was constantly asking how I was and if they could help me.
Poor guest service. If ur looking for service with an attitude this is ur spot. Won't be coming to this location again.
Terrible Spaghetti! They Microwaved it right in front of me. My empty slot on my to-go dish was then filled with a watery fluid where they put my Garlic Bread. I will not eat here ever again.
Nice place, the food quality is kept consistent and the service is good.I like the variety of desserts they offer, HK Style milk tea is my fave.
Super friendly and accommodating staff. They really listen and take care of you. Love the Thai tea ice cream float and the spicy steak cubes with ramen!!
The place was nice and clean.  Loved the sweet potato fries with my dinner.  Great vegetable dishes. Great desert.
It a good experience of a restaurant with no ice or honey can't wait to hit blyth.............. ............
Had a blast thank you so much, see you in another 10 years:)  everyone was super friendly. They made everything easy. From our limo driver Herman , to our justice of the peace, especially our photographer was awesome. Agin thank you so much Miguel & Jamie V - 2015
Inside the TPC Canyons Golf course.  Quiet place for lunch.  Nice golf course atmosphere.   Sandwiches, salads and burgers.  Pro Shop next door with good supply of clothing and equipment.
Supple, moist pulled pork paired with a sauce that has a perfect touch of chili flake heat.  A must try.  No frills, great bbq : O )
Watching the fight, no cover charge!  Can't get better than that... Milwaukee can have 20 dollar covers if it's a big name.  BWW in Madtown lets em in for free.  This is the fight spot..  When Anderson Silva gets down in the ring on UFC, or if Pacquiao ever makes that boxing date with Mayweather - I'll be there!  Their fish tacos aren't so bad, either.  Not to mention, the waiter was chill enough to hook our friends up with free beers as a nod to "the regulars."  Can't say I'd ever become that intimate with Buffalo's, but I will certainly join the regulars here on fight nights.
My nails are gel pink and they're pretty . Staff was friendly and quick . I'm a pretty simple person so the all pink was just fine for me. This place is perfect and I will come back .
I'd like to kick everyone who's reviews convinced me to eat here. Food was bland and unappetizing. Salsa was tangy. Like it was a bit off. The food all congealed on the plate in one big puddle. We will. Or return.
Great atmosphere and friendly staffThe red beans and rice are delicious The bread they use for their po boys is amazing and their fries cut freshDidn't have room for dessert but the table next to us did and it made our mouths water
The gumbo is the best. Also the grits. Definitely have dessert at the the end, the bread pudding is bomb.
great Cajun food, worth the stop. the staff were friendly and had quick service.  will make this a must stop whenever in Vegas.
Awsommmmm poboy beef and black shrimp with grits wow flavorfull must try when you in vegas
Great banana foster bread pudding!  Fast and friendly service. Save this one for next Vegas trip!
VERY customer oriented!!! porter and laura are great!!! make sure to wear gloves if you try the hotwings!
Best happy hour prices. $5 shots of patron.  Located in the miracle mile mall at planet Hollywood
Don't come here during graveyard the last two times we came here we got the worse service. Two bartenders and not one will come up to us. One was talking to girls for over a hour and other guy didnt come to West side of the bar. I'm a bartender and I would be ashamed if I gave a customer this kinda service. We will never step foot inside Road Runner on W. Flamingo Rd ever again. Thank you..
Happy Hour Everyday 3-6 PM --Rolling Rock $2, Heineken $4, Dos Equis $3,  1/2 price appetizers.I always forget how cozy n country chic this place is.  Their patio is very inviting too - with couches and a fireplace, nice strings of lights too, creating the perfect atmosphere.  Lots of great big TVs, large booths and great oversized chairs near the bar for relaxing while you toast.  Just a great place to hang out - pool tables, darts, some sort of a mini-bowling alley (yes, seriously!). The food - it's truly hit and miss.  Our server told us they continually change the menu and are working hard to keep the items people love and replace the ones that they don't.  This trip hubby had the 1/2 rack of ribs and the meat was falling off the bones!  He was in heaven, said they were sooo delicious! I wasn't  fan of the sauce, but he was in another place as he ate his ribs and lumpy mashed potatoes.  I ordered the carne asada burrito and that too was delicious!  Recommended by our server who said it was one of their most popular items - so I figured it must be worthy and  ..  .. I love Mexican food too!So the last star . . . it's not a five star experience for me.  I've had taco, we've had sandwiches that were truly just ok.  I've had a salad here before too and it was just that .  . . . just a salad. Didn't wow at all.  Absolutely worth the visit - if for nothing else a happy hour beer and a game of bowling!!
Worst massage experience I have ever had. It wasn't relaxing, it wasn't effective and parts of it felt as if the masseuse was actually pissed that they even had to be there. Will definitely never be back.
Thank you for your free car wash on Veterans Day. My car needed one big time :)  Your personnel was very nice.
The absolute worst car wash in the west valley!!!26.00 for a hand wash and I had to have them vacuum the drivers side floor again the passenger floormat was sitting on the passenger seat this is not the first time I've had a problem service is not very good at all will drive to Danny's from now on!!!
They they always do a very good job. I give them 5 stars if they did a perfect job ! Everyone is always friendly. One time someone left a cell phone in my vehicle, so I know they at least get inside to try to clean.
Formally the ESPN ZoneWas here for March Madness, they had every game on. Tons of waitresses, fast service, great specials. No complaints from me at all. Only gave 4 stars because this is VEGAS! There are lots of high quality places to eat at. But for watching sports here, this place wont disappoint. As for food goes, I very much enjoyed the pepperoni pizza. It will set you back about $13
Every since the shooting I think they should close the club down. I really don't feel so safe there. I think the atmosphere is a little intimidating.
Quality is less and lessSame food in 6 waysChicken:FriedBoiled.........Same for potatoes SaladFriedBoiled........
FnB is a bit of a hidden treasure with amazing food and excellent service. I recommend trying as many different dishes as possible, as the ever-changing menu features a lot of unique options.
Bel endroit cosi .Bon service à la clientèle . Mon cocktail était délicieux. vraiment bien
Little ghetto and they never have baggies. Friendship park? Should be called "poop park" lol
Went there today but disappointed. Dirty park, and dirty water for the ducks. I read in the paper that the game and fish wants to turn it to a fishing catch and release pond, can only imagine how much worse it will get.
Perfect! Happy hour mon-sat 3pm-6pm3.5 stars All we wanted to do was to grab something to eat after a long drive from California to Arizona and we found this on rurual road, in Tempe. The exterior may look plain but hey, there's a bar and happy hour happening so why turn around?What does happy hour have? Well, well , well... 1/2 off appetizers, $2 blue moons and drafts that they carry. And there's specials on selected food.Got the..+ fresh rolls ($3) chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=N1mhk603JkCFuPZJ58Cxew#mYLsvj4kSTgz7tqwKX07NQ You get to choose either chicken, beef or tofu. We got the chicken and it was pretty good. The sweet and sour sauce was a bit different from the Thai places I've been to. Usually there's garlic in it, but at Thai Basil, they put chopped up peanuts instead. So if you're allergic with peanuts, best ask for the sauce without the nuts!+ Papaya Salad ($6.25) mildTasted great! Only sad thing is that we only had one shrimp :(+ red snapper with mixed veggies and bamboo (mild) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=vhgbwyKOgx0caLeacQ1zQQ#pD9KU2uHEGRBQS4H02AJEQOh so yummy! Tasted garlic-y and having it over rice is delicious.+ Bluemoons ($2 each)  - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=vhgbwyKOgx0caLeacQ1zQQ#A2vWUeFM6vWyQXZeJJvwEw Service - Was great. The ladies who works there are very helpful when we asked what in what and they will let you know what's their special of the day. And yes, there is a bar here. Eat while you drink in front of a big screen t.v. Overall, not a bad place. I just wished they gave more than one darn shrimp!
Really good food. Nice waiters, nice place to eat with friends. There curry is good same with there noodles
Their curries are good, but i don't like their signature entree, that taste too salty
The waffles here "ROCK"!!  Light and fluffy, the perfect breakfast!!  Crunchy on the outside, the inside, almost like eating air.  The breakfast special included scrambled eggs done just right.Very mom and pop atmosphere, which lends to the charm of the Waffles Cafe, along with the great staff. This is a go-out-of my-way place!!!
Best waffles ever! Light, crispy & yummy. This is a "no frills" Mom & Pop place. Great staff. Suggest the breakfast special. My boyfriend have been back to this place several times.
This place is awesome waffles are delicious, service is great, boba teas my favorite .
The only Taiwanese hotpot place in Charlotte! Great price great food. Gotta try it if you have never experience hotpot.
Always great service on my vehicle. Love this location. My car is always well taken care of here.
Amazing frybread taco! Got the red chili with beans combo. Must try :0) great service. Took the cashiers recommendation of the red chili frybread with beans which is her favorite.
Honest and Professional people. It was refreshing to experience such great service. I highly recommend this jeweler.
Food was good portions were odd in size and plating.... SERVICE WAS AMAIZNG THOUGH Danielle was sweet, attentive, timely.
Always consistently on the mark, cooked perfect, no complaints....pizza, sandwiches, breads, lava cake all good....have not tried pasta....wasnt a fan of the chicken....orders are fast, delivery time is acceptable...
OMG...the most awesome spinich, bacon salad ever!I had the Cajun Mac n Cheese (cheddar and jack, andouille sausage, bell peppers, cajun spices)...the sausage and bell peppers were diced nice and small, so you get all the flavors in each bite.  Nicely done and oh-so-good.My partner got the bbq burger, which may seem "normal", but she says it was AMAZING!Ever want onion rings, but you take a bite and the onion pulls out of the ring leaving you holding just empty breading?  Well, theirs don't. "those damn Arrogant Bastard onion rings" were absolutely perfect....perfect bites of onion and batter each and every time.Beer bites:  like good garlic knots you've had before, except for the A&A beer cheese they serve along with marinara & ranch to dip them in.  I would gladly substitue the other dips for three servings of that beer cheese...soooooo delicious.We've been there in the evenings and on graveyard.  Both times food was equally fantastic, but we prefer the graveyard shift because there is less of a wait time.  Bartenders are always friendly and the A/C is nice and cool.
Great food. Excellent beers on tap. What more could you want in life? I've been here quite the number of times and always had something new and delicious to try.
Great beer selection. AWESOME FOOD!!. The bartender was super cool too. Great place.  If you like trying ew and different kinds of beer this is one of the better places to go
great food the largest selection of craft brews around. Heather is great! 15 TV's for all the games. great local bar for sure.
Bruchetta at happy hour...awesome.  Real chef prepared food (not prepackaged nonsense like most restaurant chains).  Nicer than average wine selection (reasonably priced).  The very good food was the only thing to save this place from  complete disaster.  If they get the service up to par they could easily be 4 star (I might even give them a five).That being said.  The service was slow and seemed to have trouble communicating with the kitchen.  They brought our food out separately rather than all together so some of us nearly finished before others in our party even had food!  Some of the restaurant's  management types were sitting at the bar doing something...they seemed oblivious to what was going on inside the establishment!!!  BOOOOOO.  So sad to see a place with such potential be mismanaged so badly.
Prosecco for $5. Nothing better for a Sunday!We came upon this place while trying to walk off a heavy brunch at The Breakfast Club.  We walked in expecting to find a tiny space, but instead the place just kept opening up into new rooms, and finally out onto a huge patio!  Even though the space was huge, they still managed to keep it cozy somehow.  We opted to sit outside since it was one of the few great weather days in PHX.  Our server was soooo nice and attentive.  He new we were only getting a couple of glasses of prosecco, but he still let us know about specials for the next time we came back.  He made a great recommendation for the bubbles, and kept our waters filled the whole time.  He was attentive, but without being obtrusive.  All the other employees said hello and thank you as well, which I always appreciate.I'll definitely be returning to 5th and Wine for more of the bubbly, and to try their wonderful looking menu.
Fried pickles are the bomb! Terrific wine choices and outdoor seating with heaters if you get chilly. What's not to like here?
Nice subdued atmosphere.  Just enough energy.  Excellent food and service.  Couches were quite comfortable.  We stayed until very end but didn't feel pressured to leave or anything.
Delicious food, great service, & of course yummy drinks. We ate the antipasto appetizer, which was delectable, Osso Bucco, Organic Salmon, lamb burger, & bison burger. All were cooked to order and delicious! We would definitely come back.
Vegas baby airport coffee what the hell.  This place had 2 people working and 30 in line, no dark roast made.  They could of used another person working, Hello Holiday weekend people on their way to family hell!  I know because I have to go out for coffee because my Mom makes weak 1/2 Decaf Folgers (Not that I don't love my Mom).  I would go around to Starbucks the McDonalds of coffee, you always know what you are going to get.
For cold drinks the smallest size is 16oz - For hot drinks the smallest size is 12 oz.Great coffee place.  I had a cold blended mocha and it tasted really yummy.
Consistently refreshing, different and unique. :-) friendly staff.
This JJ has a drive thru!!  If I didn't think JJ could perfect their simple, fast sandwich formula anymore.... I came upon this location that has a drive thru!  Located across the way from Concord Mills, this location is a bit weird to get to with the parking lot design, but still manageable.  Once you get inside, there's a large dining room (not what I've been used to seeing in other strip mall JJ locations).Not sure what used to be here, but I am very glad JJ took over the space.  There were a number of diners inside - enjoying their lunch and we were about to be another satisfied group.  The staff was very friendly and efficient and we got our sandwiches super fast (as expected) and we were well on the way back to the office.Can't beat speed - usually you sacrifice quality or $$ for extra time, but I think JJ's has a simple enough menu that they do it well and do it fast.  Don't expect any bells and customize-able sandwiches here... I like having my free time so the less I spend waiting on lunch to be prepared, the more time I have as "down time" from the office.Don't get run over by the drivers going through the drive thru!
Excellent service!  Finger foods are delicious and filling.  The tea is divine! You also enjoy the beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower & City Center
Great atmosphere. Great seating right by the fish tank. Great service food is excellent it's a must stop if you stay here.
I Love my nails every time! No other place compares! Tina is an amazing artist, nail designs are her specialty!
When we eat Mexican this is where we go. The service is great but the food is amazing. The Camarones Sarandeados Estilos "Tia Esther" is the best blend of spice and shimp.
Horrible ! Never going back again ! Chip and salsa was what I had my heart set on and it was flavor less , comon how can you mess up chip and salsa. The service was terrible just as bad as the food ! No flavor at all ! None what so ever ! Authentic my a*** .
Good food with the most awsome view of the strip at night. Margaritas and Mariachi make for a great dinner spot.
Very  goog place   The  prices  a little  expensives  but  the  food  is  amazine  i recomend  this  place
Love the food and also the area.   This place is the shit.Love that they leave you alone to actually eat.  This place is always busy and I understand why.
Had a really nice time. Great location. Packed!!! But the wait wasn't too long.  They come around to the table often to check and make sure all is well. The 'only' thing that could get better  in my opinion is the parking. Besides that this place is awesome.
Great food.  Great views and great atmosphere...if you want Mexican food it's worth the trip to the Henderson location with the best views for picture taking as you can see Las Vegas strip all lit up
Awesome food, service and wine at great value!  Julio is the best manager ever!  15 dollars for carafe of Italian wine is a great value!
Awesome pizza and great service. Fresh ingredients and everything  is amazing. The outside seating is very nice and the inside is nice also.
Worst pizza ever and they didn't even have ranch for my 10 yr old and waitress continued to laugh about it very unprofessional
Tiz yummy but a bit pricey, we don't go often, I like the fact they have some different toppings than the run of the mill stuff...I will miss grimaldi' when we move
No more $.25 wings after midnight at Mad Onion.   Also, no more late night specials and this includes Hooters.But Hooters (not Mad Onion) still has Happy Hour 2-7pm.
Coffee and bagels! Very good!If you love coffee and bagels and I do you will not be disappointed here! Everything is so fresh, and good quality, if you can think of a bagel and something to put on it (or just order off the menu) you will not be disappointed, I promise. Might have gotten 5 stars, but I would have liked to see the shop just a bit cleaner, not gonna stop me from going back.
Their pancakes are HUMONGOUS so if you're REALLY hungry get them. If not get something else. Their waiters are very personable too which I like. It's conveniently located inside our hotel too.
HORRIBLE customer service..Our waitress seemed to forget our table. First, it took about 20 minutes for anyone to get water. Then, after going around the table to take everyone's order she forgot one person's order; instead apologizing for her error she rudely asked, "What'd you have?" as if it were the customer's fault that the waitress forgot her order.  Once we ALL had our food, there was no refill on water or coffee, no check-in to see how everything was going.  The food itself was okay.  The deep fried PB&J was a fun little treat.  I had ordered the chicken fried steak which was a huge portion and tasty.  The only other positive to this place is that it was in our hotel so location was uber convenient, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come out to eat here.
Great place for people of all ages! I like the zero entry for very young kids and dive boards for the more developed swimmers.We had a season pass this year and certainly got our use of it!  A great was to cool off on a hot summer day, without sacrificing water safety. Several guards keep mischief under wraps.
Decent Chinese takeout or delivery in Middleton.My Kung Pow was as spicy as they told me it would be (YEAH), all the meals were labeled and equally as described in the online menu.Friendly phone demeanor, would definitely call again from work next time we are all craving Chinese.Extra star for phone, delivery speed and extra veggies in my bowl!
Poor service, overpriced, hard to reason with.  Recommend using another business.  I know, they are local and environmentally friendly, but it doesn't make up for their poor service and lack of urgency.  I asked to have shirts folded...they put them on hangers.  It took over a week and several stops before they got it right.
Great rooms, clean and quiet. Friendly staff. Great breakfast. My truck bike down and their shuttle was very prompt on picking me up and carrying me back to the shop. Great restaurants and a mall close by.
Some dishes are under $10...others slightly over.  Don't pass this place up!  I tried the Mahi Mahi Tacos, they were ok and just the right amount of food.  My husband had the Burrito Loco with Chicken.  He too thought there was just enough food and just at the right cost.  Paying extra for a side of guacamole (it was big enough for both of us to share), our dinner was about $25.  Not bad considering we asked for extra sides.
It's okay. The staff isn't always responsive to customer needs. Too busy chatting. Occasionally a bit unprofessional. Even if they are a girl doesn't mean they can run in the men's locker after a guy! Equipment is taken care of and clean.
Love Costco!!! We shop everything from them. Great customer service. I wish they can bring certain popular products back
Hooter's has really good food and they have amazing boneless hot wings. They have lots of tvs which is hood for dporting events.
Everything they have is delightful even their tea! Staff is friendly and personable! Favorite bagel place for sure
Food is terrific...service was terrible. Drinks were made perfectly...if the service had been better I would give this place 5 stars. We got more attention from other servers than our own.
Great food, great service - need I say more? :-) The lobster gazpacho had a very well rounded taste. The heirloom tomatoes salad was delicious, even though it is not really a tomato season (Christmas :)
My husband is from Raglan, NZ and he said Lola's had the best lattes he has ever had! My mocha was delicious too :) chocolate didn't over power the coffee.If you get there early, they usually have banana bread or zucchini bread that tastes yummy.
Try the cafe blanco! It's divine. This place is a gem, highly recommend you visit. Pastry selection is yummy, and includes vegan items.  The space is comfortable and creative, perfect for studying or working.
I just moved back down to Phoenix from Seattle. This place is pretty good!!! I got a large Carmel Latte. It was very smooth and brought me right back to sitting on pioneer square in downtown Seattle. The employees were very friendly here as well.
Server failed to tell us it was happy hour. Food is pretty good. The place was very loud.
Had drinks with friends ..and love the pizza here!!!!its feels more like a launch place then dinner.
Very good food. They are not kidding when they say it's quality you can taste! I come here at least once a month if not more. Staff is nice and tables are clean.  Don't Kidd yourself, they are the best around.
Amazing show extraordinary performers especially Katy Perry!!!Great Costumes and strong drinks, a true crowd pleaser for all!Drink lots as the age old saying goes " the more you drink the prettier the girls are!! So drink your juice Shelby!
Excellent show! Ive seen it twice! Standouts for me were Celine Dion and PINK! Only complaint is Frank repeats the opening act jokes - saw the show 6+ months apart so i expected some new jokes! But very funny - wish his Joan Rivers sketch was five times as long! Was also bummed that I never got to see Katy Perry or B. Spears!
Great selection of SNS colors. Very efficient and fast and well staffed! I only came one time but they seem to be a good nail salon.
Small portions and very high prices.  I wouldn't make an effort to come back.  The bathroom was dirty so it makes me worry what the kitchen is like.  The waitress botched my order and when it came out it wasn't wrapped up ( I asked for it to be to go).  The chicken pita had 4 small pieces of chicken, 5 pieces of lettuce and a very large wedge of onion.  The positive, the baklava is pretty good.
I love this place! The food is great! it's right across the street from Glendale community college. It's also three blocks from where I reside.
I've gone to Jason for each of my tattoos and wouldn't consider going anywhere else.  He's a professional and maintains a very clean shop. I recommend everyone I know to him who is considering a tattoo.
Uhm.... Hands down 5 stars. BEST Thai food I've ever had in AZ! I wouldn't recommend just one item... I would recommend trying ALL of them. I don't remember what we got last time but ordered an array of items and they were all delicious. I'm NEVER disappointed when I come in. The service is also phenomenal. :)
Awesome food. I love spicy food that they have and very friendly staffs. Would love to try noodle and fried rice as well
Good Thai food and friendly service. Had lunch with my wife. Had soup, veg roll and shrimp chow mein. All very good
Excellent service and food love coming here after our son's hockey games. Thank you IHOP
Food was fine but not worth waiting 40min for when the place is less than half full. Just hire the staff needed to make this place run like it should.  I'd pass on it unless you've got nothing but time and you're not very hungry.
Great affordable breakfast. I went here the other morning with my family. We was seated quickly can the service was great. The only thing I have to complain abut was the desert menu that was on the table was extremely sticky. I would defiantly return, great spot right off the strip.
Less crowd. Good for a quick shopping. I like the quad place. It has few but all necessary outlets.
Tiarra gave me wonderful customer service.  She was polite and professional!  The facility is always clean and temperature controlled.
Love this place!  Amy is the best!!!  I can always trust her opinion.  When I'm at a loss as to what exactly I want to do with my hair, she always has the perfect idea. I know I can come in and she will never do me wrong. She knows the colors that work best in me and doesn't let me get stuck in a rut. She makes suggestions and listen to what I have to say, then takes it all and in the end I leave looking great. I get tons of compliments on my hair. I have even started handing out her business cards!  So if you need a gifted hair stylist give Amy a shot. You won't be disappointed.
Indoor & Outdoor dining with drive in and drive threw type service.  Food is always good.  Never had slow service.  They have 1/2 off drinks between 2-4p
Get there before rush hour so you can miss the traffic. The staff is the only reason I can't give this 5 stars. They seemed pre occupied. You don't want to seem like this when  you are getting stuck with needles. It just is a bit upsetting. The mobile team is awesome though.
Super Awesome... Steaks were great... Sarah was so sweet and perky... The sweet tea good and plentiful. We went for my daughter birthday but she didn't want to do the sit on the saddle thingy
Love them! The garlic chicken with white rice is to die for, they  could have better customer service but hey their Chinese so you can't expect the best. But I will never stop going !! 5 stars for me!!!!, but other than that great food
I order delivery from them. Great food, great prices. Yum!! I never had an issue besides the driver not wanting to walk up my stairs but who does lol. The beef and broccoli is always fresh. The egg rolls are more like spring rolls which I don't understand but ok. Overall really good food though and for the price.
Bad music, bad drinks, bad staff! Omg what the heck! Don't waste your time peeps!Plus the "free drink" thing is a load of crap. Drinks are watered down and taste bad, we ended up buying regular drinks and those drinks were crazy priced! What ever... Never is what I say...
Nice shoe department! Very nice clean and organized store.
Fabulous experience-quick gel manicure with spa pedicure and it's beautiful! Will definitely be back in a few weeks! 4 stars because they try to upsell you frequently and French manicure is very expensive. $60 for gel manicure and regular pedicure is too steep to me but I'll go back and pay the $30 for my gel manicure to see Jenny cause it looks amazing.
Reasonably priced & super cute merchandise. Great location as well. Got a maxi dress, belt, top & 1 other accessory for $60.
Average Chinese takeout please temper those five star reviews... The food is typical mediocre to good and there is absolutely nothing special on the menu
My Favo Place To Get My Nails Done!!! Always Nice My Nails Look Amazing!!! Hi & Kelly Are The Best!
Jessica was amazing. My nails look great. I'm headed back for a pedicure next week!! It's one of the best gel+ manicures I've had in a long time. I travel for work and was lucky to find her my first trip to Charlotte!!
Hello friends,Smells like Auto Bell in the lobby.Lol.. Free wash with oil change, and vacuum. Usually takes about 10-15minutes for your regular oil change. The guys there are young and pretty nice. I have no complaints.TTFN
Great food. Low prices. Try the bunuelos for breakfast. The empanadas are a treat. If you want a (large) taste of Colombian food, try the Bandeja Paisa. Not the healthiest thing to eat, but delicious!
Well... The water was good...Very bland food. Weird tasting chicken. And honestly margaritas that taste like pure tasteless syrup. Very odd...
Always predictable food. It's steak and shake. Little slow with drive thru orders but usually ok and worth the wait.
First time here and the food is great! We highly recommend eating here. I had the burger and my wife had the grilled pimento cheese. Both were excellent.
Big pie by the slice!I fellow NYer took me here for a quick slice of pie.  She said it's the closest to real NY pizza.  The portion was large for the price.  I asked for sausage and onions on our slices and they had to cook the ingredients from scratch--got our slices about the time our company was finished!  The dough was a bit flat and the cheese tasted cheap and old.We won't be going back.
One of the best gyros I've ever had. Small place. Good service. I recommend the gyro. The lamb meat is superb
No jetways, be prepared to walk through the weather. Which excited my Daughter, she had never walked onto the tarmac before. We loved everything about the airport. First, it's only 10 minutes from our house. How awesome is that? Second, parking is 50 yards from the terminal, and free. We flew Allegiant Air, which has it's own terminal. A hangar actually. We were through security in 5 minutes, bags checked and boarding passes scanned. The terminal had large heating fans set up to keep the air warm, which was nice in late December. There were vending machines set up to replace everything that had to be thrown away before the security checkpoint. A great place to catch a flight if you want to avoid the hassles of CLT.
When i went i had no clue what to expect but i was not expecting anything out of the ordinary. I had the most amazing bagel sandwich and a delicious soup! It was perfect and well toasted bagel. The soup was also one of the best chicken soup ever.
This location has moved across the street into Hunter Crossings! Their address is incorrect and unfortunately I was traveling so I hope a local can update it!Their new spot was nice, large, and had some flat screens with the news on. Pretty standard for a Dunkin Donuts. I was bummed my munchkins weren't fresh tasting at 8:30 AM in the morning.Wifi was SLOWWWWWWW. And wow, the location is really buried in the middle of a very long strip mall, which makes it somewhat of a PITA to get to.
Very good sushi but the fried rice dishes are some of the best I have ever tasted. Not much seating capability.
Very impressive hotel with a great staff. I will definitely be back.  Rooms are large and clean with a nice pool and a fire outside. Also an outside basketball court.
Surprisingly good food for a hole in the wall! And very very cheap Japanese ! I honestly did not expect much when I ordered take out there.  But it wasn't bad at all. In fact quite good.
I really don't care for a fly with my fries. But I got it anyway. Thx to McDonald's . Wish I saw it before I ate that much of the fries . I should have known better to eat there. When I walked in at 1 pm there was not many people there but not a single table was clean . That should have told me something. Lesson learned. Next time
The people are wonderful. I cannot adequately express my appreciation for thew love and care given my grandson, Matthew, during his time of need. My respects to all the friendly staff members at LCH!
I like this Starbucks better. Good service, fast, clean and nice atmosphere. Recommend for ur coffee fix!
Solid choice for Soul Food in the Queen City.However- be prepared for mediocre to subpar service, usual confusion, and an overall poor experience.
Yummy yummy.Soup is fresh and delicious.A little expensive but it deserves.It is not easy to find, go straight in along the left.
Awesome place. Great prices. This is the place to buy salt for your pool.  Awesome staff.
Real New York Pizza in Charlotte!!  Steele Creek store is excellent, South Tryon by Walmart isn't as good.
Both locations produce great pizza and have a friendly staff. The slices are giant! Also the crust is cooked perfectly, so that it it's slightly crispy and complements the pizza..the jumbo is enough for two meals for a family of 4
Kid's Night Every Wednesday....got to check it out!!!  Get there early, they fill up fast.
These subs are a bit over subway. I will never ever eat another sub from here. Not my type of subs. Go to Publix!
Very nice and affordable place to stay, staff is really nice and helpful. They are very convenient to restaurants and shopping
One of the only locations with available lock boxes, if anyone is in need.I was in search for a lock box and luckily this locations had available boxes. I was greeted promptly and was assisted w/in 20 minutes. The process was easy and they have a great, friendly staff!
Ok, as you see this place has a very low rating. That being said let me tell you why.1) The Pharmacy is slow2) The Pharmacy seems to have one regular employee, and everyone else rotates from anther Walgreen's.3) The line in the front of the store has to go all they way back to the Photo section before they put someone on another register.4) The place is like a dead spot for cellular service period.5) They always run out of Shea Moisture Products (That is for my Wife and other Natural Women)That was basically the bad and ugly of this Walgreen's, the good is that everyone is willing to help you and polite. I love a business that has polite staff, so many have rude staff these days... You know what you are going to get price wise from any Walgreen's from here to CA. So it is what it is, that is why they a getting a 3 Star rating from me. Enjoy!!!
Fresh food, good variety,  friendly staff go here regularly my son loves the cookies and most times they give free samples as well as free drinks
One of the best libraries I've ever been too. So glad it's our local, home library!  Clean and easy to maneuver!
Great seats.  Great experience. Renovation successful. Also gave senior discount. Affordable.
The service was exemplary and the food was outstanding. The sugar snap peas and deviled egg appetizers were wonderful. Entrees were delicious and the deserts topped off a wonderful meal.
Great salon with 2 locations in Charlotte.   Always come away happy with a new cut and color.  Ask for Jessica Riddle.....she is the best!
Love love love the cupcakes , lemonade is my favorite !  They did a custom baby shower cake for my daughters baby shower.
Very nice staff. That always means a lot.Update: Ernie loves DAD & I can tell they love him! This daycare is soooooo convenient for us.
Guacamole burger was JUICY! Lots of TVs.
Avengers last night was awesome. Great seats, great sound, and great movie.  We came for the 10pm showing because we thought it would be less packed. Not the case. Turns out that you need to be there at least two hours before for the premier. Wasn't always the case for the earlier premiers, but they must be catching on here.
Food was quite good. The prices were good.  We had a very nice lunch. Lots of Mexicans eating there.food was authentic. Service was also good.
We came in for an impromptu birthday party. Keenan set us right up with a table tokens etc. We had a great time. Keenan was the best so helpful. Give that man a raise!!!!
Read a lot of good reviews before I went. Unfortunately I can't say the same. Won't be back...see Carolyn's review.
This dominoes is awesome great customer service and friendly staff. My wife and I called at 9:45 to see when they closed for carry out they said ten then asked if we were close. I said yes they said chine on if it's after ten they would still let us come in.
Great service and beer, fun tastings! A nice place to relax and drink as well as supply your home bar or kitchen. Reasonable tap prices as you get a big pour and very knowledgable and passionate staff.
They are great! They have been doing my nails for years. Vy is excellent; ask for her. Their gel nails are the best and a good price.
This Waffle House is closed. It's been leveled due to the light rail construction. The building is no longer standing.
It's a full Apple store...it doesn't get better than that. Very crowded (all the time) so expect to wait a bit if you need to ask a staff member a question. Make sure to make a reservation for the genius bar online before going to the store!
Summer evenings on the patio are quite beautiful... I love the casual and relaxed vibe of this restaurant. They also have DJs and live music on some nights. The place is great for small bites and hanging out. I gravitate towards the bruschetta  options and of course the cheese board. Once we had gone with a larger group and a few preferred sushi over bruschetta, so they ordered food from the sister restaurant that is next door. It wasn't an issue and in fact, I think one of the waiters suggested it as an option. Worked out well, everyone was content.
Always my favorite getaway. It was a little noisy. But as always the food was great. Craig the server was very helpful he was great in recommending drinks
Not only is the owner one of our best customers, his place is awesome! Happy Hour drinks and half price steaks are the way to go. My filet was cooked perfectly and was one of the best steaks I've had! Wait staff was friendly, attentive and fast. I will definitely be back.
Poor service from an unfriendly counter girl. Limited choices at 9am. Donuts are not that good, tasted stale
Bonne poutine! On y mange toujours bien! Mais. L'attente est longue, nous sommes collés les une sur les autres
Yummy poutine - fries could have been crispier, but alas.. The meat was smoked and flavorful. And altogether it made an amazing breakfast cold the next morning.
Best drywall repair company in the valley these guys are dedicated to making you happy and you will not get a better job
Very slow food service. Took almost 25 mins to get our food. The food was good but just took too long.The furniture is incredibly uncomfortable. Ouch!!
Excellent coffee - great barista. Highly recommended. Don't bother with Starbucks - independent is the way to go.
Ride your bike here and relax. The wifi is a bit spotty and a little slow, they make up for it with great service and amazing coffee.
Chocolate croissant was fluffy, light, and delicious. I could eat 60 or 70 of those...Coffe was delicious as well.Very friendly service. Very clean place. A little tough to find, but there's a map in the Yelp photos. Directions: Basically, go to where you GPS takes you, but head straight to the back center of the parking lot. When you are by the highway, you are very close...
Cream of carrot Good, espresso Good, Curry Chicken sandwich Amazing!!!! Cookies are fresh and delicious... Now I'm stuffed :)
First time here so busy and so good and yummy.The owner is super nice and friendly.  I love their sandwiches.I really felt like I was eating healthy and it was very flavorful.  No more junk eating for me lol.  I will be back for the quiche since they had run out.  Come check this place out . Lots of seating outside.
The best hot sandwich so far in my life! The owner was super nice. It was very filling.  I highly recommend this place!
Good that deserves a review. It's good!! Has the morrocan sandwich with a salad with my girlfriend and loved it. Real busy food came out quickly.
Awesome service:) Awesome Menu:)... Great Breakfast or Lunch spot!! Will always be one of my go-to spots!
Clean and gReat service! The fruit is fresh and there are a lot of flavors to choose from!
Lunch box. Do it. Your mouth will thank you. It's cheap. It's tasty. The only thing this place is missing is a drive through.
pick a pasta. pick a sauce. pick a cheese. delicious.i even wanted to buy some of the fresh, refrigerated pasta to take home but the owner advised me against it since i had some other errands and the pasta would sit in my car to long. THANKS and good looking out -- most places would just want to sell you as much stuff as they could, regardless of how fresh it would stay.
Sample all and get different flavors! They have cheese favors, candy flavors, caramel flavors, chocolate flavors and different flavors of the month. The people that work there are patient and help you decide with input and as many tastes as you want. The popcorn comes in 4 or 5 different size bags (I don't remember as we always get one of smaller two). They have fudge, salt water taffy and tins for it to come in as a gift. I got my NY giants tin from superbowl and I get discount refills....They do parties and all. Our fave flavors are light caramel, southwest hot wings, s'mores, Oreo and nacho cheese. Have yet to taste them all there are so many!
A most excellent cigar lounge with a tremendous selection and very comfortable!A "Who's Who" kind of place...
I love this place. Good cigar selection and an awesome staff. Also that it's nearer to me in Summerlin makes it a must stop while shopping in the nearby center.
Purchased two bikes from them. Joe took care of us. Great customer service. Will go back again for sure. Highly recommend their shop.
Great food service and prices. Can't go wrong. Friendly atmosphere great place to bring the family. The live music is also fun.
Chicken Parm hero's are awesome,  reminds me of being home,  New York..... great service,  Wife loves the meatball Parm hero's. ...
Beautiful views, nice trails, really fun playground equipment. They also have a neat discgolf course, a dog park, and an archery range. Don't listen to Cecil, this dog park you can definitely enter!
Awesome trip!!!!! Highly recommend. We did a private ride just the two of us for anniversary during sunset. So beautiful and exciting. By far our best anniversary yet. Thanks Dar for a great ride!
Get the Thai chopped chicken salad and the chipotle chicken panini and all your  slightly spicy robust flavor cravings will be satisfied. I found that meal to have a very south American flavored Thai food feel haha!!! No that is not supposed to make sense its just fantastically delicious
Delicious food at a rediculous price ! .. a half chicken walnut sandwhich is LITERALLY (1) piece of bread cut in half, (1) half head of green leaf lettuce , (1) 3 oz scoop of chicken, mayo, walnuts and seasonings, (1) half slice tomato. / Then the salad depwnding on what kind you get is a small box of greens and a couple (1) oz scoops of a couple items!It maybe costs them 45 cents to produce the kids size adults meals they give out . But for 9.35 holy S***. What you pay for here is the friendly faces , clean establishment , and "fresh" Food
Good work, cleaned the insides great. The service guy was helpful and explained all the different options.
Better than expected.   Less wait time than the Val Vista/ Williams Field location.  Thorough cleaning for the basic
"Disappointed they advertise a healthy lifestyle yet offer no sandwiches that are veggie friendly. Only one hummus veggie friendly wrap that is not include in the half sand and smoothie deal.  Bummer!" tip posted night of dining at Tropical Smoothie.Review now:After I posted the tip above I heard from a fellow Yelper that they offer a no meat option, yet I was not offered that at this location. The woman taking my order wouldn't even let me order a sandwich with no meat, just cheese, only option was hummus veggie wrap. Luckily for them the smoothie was good and I gave them 3 stars for that and their quick service.
Peanut Paradise!! For the peanut butter lovers!! I hate waiting in the drive thru!! My advice call in to pre order your smoothie for faster service!
The food might take a while to come out. Just expect it, then it won't be as painful.I went here based on the reviews here. I was suspicious first but I decided to give a shot since I was staying at Riviera hotel anyway and was too tired to go far for food yesterday.It turned out, the place was awesome. I ordered my usual for Indian food, Chicken Tikka Masara, to go. It came with rice and a huge naan. Plenty for one person.  I was so full 2/3 of the container but I hated to see the rest go wasted so powered through to finish the whole thing (I didn't have a microwave to warm it up next day so saving leftover wasn't an option). It was that good.  Mango Lassi was also delicious too. Perfect consistency and not too sweet.I give 4 stars because I think the price is a bit steep for a food-court. If you make it to go, remember to grab silverwares and napkins. They are a food-court joint after all so they don't put those gears in a bag for you, you need to grab them yourself.
Very good indian food. Specially Dal Maharani, mutter paneer and chai. I liked naan and biryani as well.
This place is not closed. It is under new ownership. One of the best places to experience  Indian food. During the week they have a buffet  for lunch for 9.99 and on the weekends for 10.99.
Slowest Starbucks we've ever been to... Ever.5 people working behind the counter... 1 making coffee, 1 working register... The rest not helping while 10 of us wait... And wait... And wait...Thankfully coffee was good.
Owner is friendly and remembers regulars. Great place to go during non-peak hours.The best value is clearly all you can eat. If you only want 1-2 things you can only go during Happy Hour which saves you some money.The appetizers are all pretty good.All the sushi is good, I like the 808 Special (which is their most popular), but most everything is fine.With all you can eat you also get a dessert, and while there is only 3 options, they are all fine.
Horrible service and horrible food !!!!Went to have lunch and they told us to pick a table and after we did they told us that we have to move because that table was for 4 of more . The place was dead !!!! Really ??????
Great deals, amazing food, love the place! Cant get better than their happy hour but if not the AYCE is just as amazing!
Foods really good! Service is awesome. All around good place to have AYCE sushi!**note they do not split the check**party of 6 or more they add 18% gratuity
Always perfect! Great job every time and it's so nice and clean inside. They make my eyebrows beautiful every time. Sunday-Thursday 10 AM - 12 PM is happy hour! Eyebrows for $10 and if you are a member you get points every time and after the fifth point the next one is free
Sasha is amazing. Go to Sasha. She truly is an eyebrow artist. I think she works by appointments only so don't forget to call make an appointment before you come. So worth it!!
I love this place. I'm glad there is one in my neighborhood. Good quality, good service, good prices.
Awesome food and bar selections! A long wait but that's because everyone wants in! The customer service was pretty good. She was definitely busy but very efficient and personable!
Yummy, inexpensive, fast and friendly. Love the breakfast sandwich. It's basic and it's good. The owner is friendly and the staff is on the ball. I have had limited lunches there but thy seem to follow the breakfast format of basic and good!
All day breakfast, Home made style, super fast service gets 4 star ! Food quality was pretty good and reasonable price !
They were so rude. I was waiting to order and they told me to leave. Don't go there. They are not nice.
Great leader and great tour! We had a group of 8. I love that they gave us instruction and then let us practice in a cone course before heading outside. It was a great tour of the city.
If you are going to buy Apple product buy it from here. Not Best Buy. Best buy is not authorized to repair you Apple product only Apple certified repairs can repair Apple products.
Great selection of Malbec from Argentina. Nice selections of the spirits i consume. Great rum selection, vodkas and wines. Crane Lake vineyards is actually Trader Joe's brand. Crane Lake Malbec is a nice bottle of wine for 6.99. I love a good bottle of wine for under 10 bucks.
Thrilling and scary. Perfect. Expect long lines on weekends. Creepos Christmas is a bit much and distorting.
Extremely friendly staff.  Never any grief about jacking wifi. Parking is a bit of a struggle.
We had an exquisite evening here. The food was well prepared and very unique. The burgers were STUPENDOUS!!! What a hidden gem!
Wonderful scallops, yummy grille tacos and good crab Louie salad.  The service was great with Josh.  Drinks were good too. Great value!
Alright, so here's the scoop. This place is open from 8-7 on weekdays, 8-6 on Saturday, and 10-3 on Sunday. Not bad if you ask me, considering most places are closed on Sundays. They don't do their dry cleaning on site, so expect a little more time to get your clothes back. I dropped my shirts off on a Wednesday afternoon and they told me they'd be ready the following Monday.  It's cash only under $10. Three men's dress shirts came to about ~$7.50.  Parking is shared with the Whole Foods parking lot. If that doesn't mean anything to you, refer to any Whole Foods review on Yelp.  If it was just for the above mentioned, I would have given this place more stars and would probably be back. But unfortunately they ruined all my husband's shirts! Each shirt has "burn" marks all over it. A total disappointment and loss of three perfectly good shirts. Don't know if this has happened to other people, but I'm certainly not going to take any more chances at this place!
Ryan was a great person!My car look greatThis made me write a long review so I think this will be long enough
This place is just not that good.Every time I go here.... It just misses the mark. The service was not very good. The server was not friendly at all, and messes up the timing of orders. The food was average.
It's named that for a reason! Bad food and lots of smoke and parking on the weekend is no picnic don't waste your time.
Wow this place is expensive! I got a veggie sandwich and small salad... for $12!!! WHAAAA.It wasn't bad tho... too much hummus, but not bad.
If you are looking for mediocre food and terrible service, this is the place. I am pretty sure I saw a cockroach in the dining room. It was moving fast.
They broke half of my packages. I won't come this stupid place again. Packages were thrown everywhere, tips: the payment may not refundable! Come on, just try usps only one block to go!
Believe the hype. Hands down THE best egg sammich I have ever had!Had to came back here before heading back home. Small diner feeling with a friendly staff. Service isn't lightening fast, most likely due to the non stop stream of customers, but the food more than makes up for it.
Best wrap I ever had! Bread and chicken is made fresh daily. The price matches the quality of the food. The guy who makes the wraps and sandwiches is quick and on point!
No coffee.  No hot food.  Not really set up to do business.  A waste of time.  I would avoid if you're looking for food after the bars close.
Nice driver (man with long beard). Nasty dispatcher (loud bossy lady)Try not to yell at travelers. I'm in a new city. Sorry for sitting quietly on the bench.  I won't do it again.
Stood around in the showroom for 15 mins. waiting for a salesperson.  Got 0 service.  I would not shop here for cars until someone deals with the very poor sales service in their show room.There's other nearby dealers as well, you're better off going to those dealerships instead.
Awesome local coffee shop. Everyone is super nice, and they allow me in with my weenie dogs if I'm stopping in on a walk. Good food too! Ive only ever tried their breakfast sandwiches, and they are your usual homemade egg/cheese/meat combos on your choice of bread/croissant/english muffin, and they come with a side of fruit, usually a half orange in slices. They close around 3 on the weekdays. Some mornings it can be a little busy in there with the regulars from Chatham Village, but I don't mind waiting and chatting it up. Its nice to have this right down the street from me, and Ill definitely miss it when I eventually leave the neighborhood.
Excellent service always! Thank you Tony for  making sure my Philly friend arrived to my door safely and also assisting another firiends' sister get from Pgh airport to Stow Ohio. Professionalism at its best!!
Excellent food and great service!  A quick and delicious place to eat.  Chicken Buon Giorno- excellent dish!  Comes with a side of risotto, bread and oil.  Chicken was tender, juicy and delicious.  Risotto was perfection.  I will definitely be back!
Great place on the Strip for a Good drink at a Fair Price.Awesome atmosphere, lots of memorabilia. Pool table, dart board, lots of bottled beer and theBest drink prices on the Strip since 2006. Top End DIVE BAR!!!YINZ Drink here. NO Jag Off's!!!!
worst laundromat of all time...  nothing works... it stinks ... avoid at all costs!!!!!!!!
Did not have the same experience. Fast, friendly and no problems. They are fast, that's why it's called and Urgent Care. Doctor comes in, listens to what's going on, prescribes you a med, you leave. If you're looking to sit around and talk about the wife and kids, go to your PCP.
Great service. Got half dozen in less than a minute. Loved it. Very great setting. You can tell it's from pgh. Parking lot outside. Psople were friendly. Nice fireplace and sofa chairs. There's a door that goes through the restaurant to the parking lot! Bathroom needs key though, very annoying. Coffee is tasty. I would go again.
Friends don't let friends eat at (most) chain restaurants. I should have known better.My boyfriend and I were super hungry, and we wanted to spend a little time out enjoying the evening. We had a $25 GC for Chili's and thought this to be a good time to use it. (Hey, being broke really sucks!) We walked in and were cheerfully greeted by the hostess. Once we were seated, we waited quite awhile for the server to come and take our drink order. By the time he arrived, we already knew what we wanted. He seemed rushed and impatient. That made me feel anxious and embarrassed, and I don't like that feeling when I am going to eat....or basically ever. We went with the appetizer and two entrees for $20. We chose the onion strings and jalapenos. You can't go wrong with fried onions, right? Wrong. Super wrong. They were really salty and peppery, and it was hard to finish them. In fact, we didn't even get a chance. The waiter took the leftovers without even asking if we were finished! A long long wait went between our appetizer and our entree. We ended up ordering the 5-cheese pizzas. They eventually arrived, and they looked good. They were lukewarm though, and we were missing ranch that we had asked for multiple times. So we waited an eternity to get ranch. This pizza desperately needed the ranch to make it palatable. Seriously. It was that bad. The server kept taking ages to come back and pay attention to our needs. I ordered a Blue Moon, and it took super long for that to come to the table too. I needed a drink after going through what we went through for this meal! Oh, but he didn't even ask to see my I.D. Some people might think that's cool, but I am extremely bothered when I.D. checking is not strongly enforced. I could have easily been an underage girl, in fact, a lot of people think I am! I thought this was extremely irresponsible and dangerous behavior, and it's not something I would expect from ANY establishment! Other complaints include the fact that what is vegetarian and not vegetarian on their menu is rather ambiguous. Did you know that their seasoned tomatoes are seasoned with some kind of animal-protein based seasoning? What is that about? Gross. I really dislike leaving bad reviews, but our experience here was just so awful. I felt bad for the server because he seemed like he was having a hard time, but everything kept getting worse, and it is extremely unacceptable. I will not return to this Chili's, nor will I go to any other Chili's in the future.
Awesome Nachos! Need I say more. But yelp is making me. So..... the nachos are fabulous!
Good service nice people close to our motel. Perfect. Plenty of beer selection. We walked from the American motel.
The best bar on the west side..Great service and friendly staff..I enjoy the the ufc fights and all big boxing matches here
Okay tacos and good sauces fair prices nothing to write home about. I don't understand how this can justify five stars. Nothing stands out as that unique or of such quality.
Great prices even better food! These tacos are phenomenal they have choice of beef chicken or pork and you get to dress the tacos yourself I got a chicken taco one day and the gentleman working stand told me "that's a hot one amigo be careful" I've never eating anything so hot in my life and as hot as it was it was so good! I've turned my cousins on to these tacos and there isn't a person I wouldn't recommend these to! Rain shine sleet snow that taco stand is up so next time you want tacos or you want just a nice quick cheap meal look no further then Las Palmas! And the taco stand isn't the only thing las palmas has go inside they have fresh fajita mix produce a meat counter and like a million types of hot sauce! Go in and try Las Palmas
Always enjoyable experience. Nice personal. Very quick to drop off the car and get a loaner while your car is in service.
Awesome salsa. Awesome margaritas. Awesome Mole. Highly recommend!! Everyone should go out of their way to eat here - I always do! I can't get enough! You will not regret it!!
Great food, friendly staff!  What a nice addition to Fountain Hills!  Pollo Fundido is wonderful!  Margaritas are spectacular!
This is a great little upscale winebar/grill right in the hear of Uptown Charlotte. Its near the discovery place, The Dunhill hotel, and Capital Grille. Really great decor. Talk to the sommelier/owner..he has some great recommendations. and will have some unusual selections that you are guaranteed to enjoy.
Hip hop sandwich shop.  Not a traditional dining experience.  Food was great, and prices were very great.  Everything on menu was under $10.  Mac and Cheese is worth ordering as an appetizer, and the BLT was rediculously delicious. I look forward to going back again, and probably again.
Great food, great service. Would have to say the cash money is my favorite. Fiancée loves the selection of beers and menu items. Good atmosphere with great music always playing in the background.
Perfect patio for a Saturday!This place walks a fine line between being too snooty and being just plain awesome.  I've had a couple of experiences here, and overall the food is really tasty.  I'm a fan of the gnocchi, even though it's a little different than traditional gnocchi.The location is great, as long as there isn't a douche bag convention going on, and as long as the bartenders and servers keep their positive attitudes, I think this place will be around for a while. Thanks!
If you're looking for a great appetizer, definitely get the pretzel and cheese fondue. So good and it's a good amount to share! I haven't been let down by the food here. Everything from the Pub burger, to the chicken curry is great. Wonderful flavors and cooked to perfection. Definitely My favorite place in old town. Love the atmosphere of this restaurant, too.
The pretzel fondue is my favorite thing.  Also the fried chicken was pretty good
Apple monkey breadddd. Pretzels and cheese. pub burger. mac burger.Oh my god I love this place.It may be weird how often I go.However, if you are in the Phoenix Metro Area - it is a must. Although I rave about the food, the atmosphere is what drew me in. It's amazing! There's chandeliers and exuberant chairs, but then our napkins are dishtowels and common dress is jeans and flip flops. The whole place is an oxymoron. I adore it.Oh and the service is amazing too. (FYI)
Excellent food and great service. Such an upbeat atmosphere. Not too pricey and it's right by fashion square so you can do some shopping after !
Really good food and the setting was great place to hangout with friends. Good place to go on the weekend and enjoy some live music and have a good time.
We were told 30 minutes. 1:45 later, we left without being seated or updated.Multiple large groups exited. Tables that were seated after we arrived finished and left before anyone notified us of anything.We learned afterward by calling two managers that they had given away our table twice while we were waiting.
This place is fantastic!  Always good food and excellent service. The pretzels are yummy and I had the grilled cheese this last time around which was great. Sit out on the patio and watch the passersby.
Great place and friendly service. The owner was super nice and helpful. This time, they had lot of options and I like the place, nice and quiet and also easy to get there.
Great place to find cigars, smoke, comradely, beer and the nicest staff. The have a great selection of cigars and beers.
Great Easter brunch.  Best ever!  Can't wait til next year.  They do it right!!!Kids at a blast with bunny-land, pony rides, magic show, jumpers and more.  From the time we arrived, til the time we left, world class experience.
Another great meal with my wife. Will come back again!  Please enjoy the guacamole made right at your table!
Food  is really good but they are stingy with their sauces the staff is a little on the rude side
The food is ok here but it has to be the slowest filiberto  I've been to. The service is only so so
Really good food, and the owner is very friendly! I really like the dipping sauce that hand made by the owner, can't have enough of it :)
Kind of like Roberto's. The food is pretty good as far as semi fast food Mexican goes. it's a much better alternative to Taco Bell that's for sure. The best part is that it is open twenty four hours to crave those late night munchies or when your wife sends you out at two AM for a food run. The prices are very reasonable too. I'll usually order a Carne asada tostada which only cost $3.80. Sometimes the even have specials on tacos buy two get one free. Throw in the little side salad bar with radishes, cucumbers, and marinated carrots with jalapeno and you got a rather large meal four under for bucks.
Love the bacon breakfast burrito and the beans!!!! Rolled tacos are yummy too!! Their salsas are good too!!
The food here is hit and miss. When they miss they miss big! I have eaten here on several occasions. The food is usually good but have had some bad experiences. We kept giving them the benefit of the doubt and going back because it is so close and bring your own wine. The meal we had there on the weekend will be our last.
Very clean rooms very spacious! Lovely hotel. They have a nice variety for breakfast in the morning. Rooms are quiet. Beds are comfortable. Shower pressure is pretty good too!
Great food... Super crappy service ! I ordered in person for carry out and let the cashier know I would wait out on the patio. I ordered lentil soup and hummus so that can't take long at 11 am before the lunch rush. Twenty minutes later I was wondering would could be taking so long. I went inside and found my food had been sitting on the counter for who knows how long. My soup was already cold!
Chicken Philly pita with tsaziki on the side in less than 30 minutes. Fuck yeah. So much chicken so little pita.
Not worth the money for parking and the tower. Complete rip off. Stay away. There is much more in Montreal to see that is much much better. The whole Olympic park may seem cool in theory but in reality it is a giant giant tourist trap.
Heads up! Get to this place early if you want to eat there special.5 stars for great tasting food, minus 2 for and an unfriendly hostess.
The staff was friendly and my pups were both handsome and pretty. We will be back! Yelp needs more words to post this review so just gooooooooooo here
This place is permanently closed. There is a sign on the door that says a new Chinese Eatery is coming this Fall. Chun Fai Chinese Eatery.
The spicy ya yam scallop roll has a kick to it.Hands down the friendliest service I have ever received.Delicious fresh sushi. We ordered a la carte and received free desserts.We will be back for sure for the all you can eat .
Dump, dive hotel! !!! Just picture this a section 8 all moved in this place. The furniture is so old and the carpet stunk like it was moldy. The casino was for the unemployed!!!
All delish! Burro Taco recommended by waiter was a great choice. The fish taco was excellent as well as the shrimp taco. Salsa is done right! Can't wait to visit again! Great atmosphere and service. The decor is interesting!
Awesome street tacos. Best in phoenix and cheap! The place is small but the service and food is amazing. This is my new favorite place for tacos.
Omg! The specialties tacos were to die for!  I want to try everything on the menu! The prices are just right, you are paying for quality food!  The Chile Verde burrito is big enough for 2! Very tasty! Lots of art to admire as well!
Al Pastor street tacos are where its at!!  Solid margaritas.  Hole in the wall place with a good vibe.
Best tacos I have ever had ! I recommend the mole poblano tacos their Michelada and horchata I have never had tacos as good as these and their salsa bar is the best the almond salsa was my favorite the service was great it's a little small restaurant but worth waiting
The horchata is remarkable!!! No one makes it like this place!!! I love that they also have a huge salsa bar.
Best tacos in Phoenix, hands-down.  They have a great salsa bar, and delicious mole.  A great place to bring visitors from out of town.
They've always cut my hair since we moved to the area & never had any complaints...  My whole household gets all their nails, hair color, hair cut, waxing here!  Give them a try!  Very friendly folks over here...
Excellent customer service and pricing.   Definately will be a repeat customer.  They were able to order and schedule install on some much needed parts for my F250.  No sales pressure just got me what I wanted.
A great place if you are looking for a lovely two bedroom in a central location for a weekend away. You will find the kitchen is stocked with a lovely welcome basket of snacks and breakfasts while the flat itself is clean and affordable. A great place to look at if you and some friends are heading over for a long weekend, a hen/stag do or even just in the area for work and you prefer a home feel.
The one from downtown relocated here.  I feel like it is just as good based on what I had.
It's now in The Quad! Not imperial palace!This was pretty bomb. Most chicken and waffles to me are just bleh... because its literally just chicken... and waffles, neither of which were particularly made special.Beware, their portions are HUGE! Sharing is caring!-[[ Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles]]-The chicken as so juicy and seasoned well!!! I think this is one of the things that make their chicken and waffles so different from others. I've had Roscoes... and its just MEH compared to HHAGG. Their waffles are OMG BOMB!!! It had bacon running through it!! Genius if you ask me!!! The waffles were crispy on the outside and warm and fluffy on the inside. -[[ Farm Scrambled ]]-The eggs were cooked to perfection and the potatoes were irresistible! -------This is a great place for an early breakfast or a late night snack after partying a little too hardy.... =) Great comfort food! -{{ Overall tastiness experience }}-I give it 5 stars for the best chicken and waffles I've ever had.
We walked like 2 miles to get here because we heard it was the best breakfast to get nearby the strip.  It's not in the nicest hotel/casino on the prettiest part of the strip (I think it's actually on the old strip) but don't let that deter you.We got in on a Sunday at about 1:30, and it was PAH-ACKED with people.  They told us the wait would be 45-60 minutes so three of us sat in the waiting room, and the other two went to the bar for coffee.  They came back a minute later and said there was enough room for 5 of us to eat at the bar, which was probably the best seat in the house - great service. Kye and Tiffany at the bar are awesome. We had drinks, friendly convo with the bartenders, and our food was delivered quickly. ..and BOY was it HUGE!!  Every plate could have been shared by 2-3 people and the banana pancake (singular) that the guy next to us got was literally *hanging* off the edges of the plate. I got the Roast Chicken Potato hash: chicken, mushrooms, red peppers and asparagus on top of roasted potatoes. Over medium well egg (?) and large biscuit on the side.  Oh and don't forget the wedge of watermelon!  Those things were also cocktail ornaments. I am not kidding.The best thing about any place in Vegas, I sadly only took advantage of here, was the to-go alcohol cups. Wacky... especially coming from GA (aka the Bible Belt).  I felt like I was being really bad, but I liked it. The only bad thing?  The whole place was really warm.. maybe because it's on the top floor, and we were sitting at the bar (by the kitchen door.)  Bar is still worth it!
Service was terrible. The food was ok. I ordered corn beef. Found it odd to have a biscuit with my meal. I get the "western" or "country" deal but to me it didn't go with it. Wish the orange juice was freshly squeezed too.
legit food! breakfast was insanely good!Got a skillet, wife got monster sized waffles. Good coffee too!
So amazing...one meal is good enough for four people!!!!!i'll come back when I'll be in Vegas....thank you guys
Absolutely delish, it did take a while to pay our bill, only downfall. I had a vegetarian hash which was excellent, extremely large portion.
Great food, but service was SLOW!! Split meals for sure!  Pork tenderloin was terrific.
Amazing restaurant. Great food. The best service.  Muy buen restaurante buena comida y excelente servicio.
Quality great tasting food with a very attentive staff. It's was deep into the LINQ casino, impossible to find from the street. Look for the escalator it actually the entrance to the restaurant.
Wow  deliciously huge!!! It appears to be a long wait... But goes quick (15 min) well worth it! The BLT Mary was so good!
Hash house all time best=j The food is the best But be ready for a very long wait WOW
Food was great.  Outrageous portions.  Over an hour wait for our food.  No apology for our wait.  We asked waitress after about 45 minutes, where our food was, her reply was it should've out soon.
Delicious to say the least. OMG the portions here are enough to feed a family of 4. Totally recommended as a MUST go place when visiting Vegas.
Awesome breakfast. Everything was good. Contemporary layout but still welcoming. The chicken and waffles are huge!!
The service was competent. The food was decent. Not my favorite,  but not bad. Nothing that really stood out as great or terrible. Average sushi place
awesome service, great sushi, and nicevibes!! well priced also! our waitress was so sweet and knew the menu comfortably, able to give recommendations.
One word.... Supercalafragalisticxpaladoious!!!Wonderful service, phenomenal food, all in all a great time!
Half portions of pasta make for a great dinner without being stuffed.  Travel to Charlotte fairly often for dinner, Aria is a reliable restaurant for a good dinner, nice wine selection, and overall good value.I would recommend dining here, especially if you are dining alone and still want a nice restaurant.
What a wonderful experience! My girlfriend and I had dinner here, about 10 of us. They were able to accommodate our large party easily the only confusing part was parking was difficult and not on the same street as the entrance of the restaurant. But aria itself was great, little live music, ambience was chill, food was also good.
More show than substanceOrdered their most popular dishes and was underwhelmed to say the least.
Pretty good place overall. Food was good but portions are quite small for the cost. The appearance of the place is nice and the service was good especially the complementary vary parking.
I hate this place with a passion. We did get a great price on our kitchen table and chairs but the experience dealing with the sales and service was the worst I have ever in my life dealt with. Another thing, we put in the warranty claim in and it start a whole other whirlwind of disappointing problems. If it wasn't for having to get my table repaired I would never... ever deal with this poor excuse of a company. Be for warned, your asking for trouble going to The Dump. If Yelp had a negative star rating I would give it a -10 star
This location of yogis is the best in the area. We have to make sure and eat here at least one time a month.
This our go to Mexican restaurant. Great people. Great food. If you want a nice quiet dinner this the place to go.
The pot roast sandwich is always a winner.  I happen to enjoy their chocolate malted milkshakesCulvers is fast food for adults - great flavor; excellent quality and modest prices.  We have become fans - when we need a quick lunch or a bit of dinner, Culver's is our #1 go-to spot - followed closely by Pei Wei.
Cute little neighborhood bar. Not my cup of tea- but seemed to the perfect place for the guy that just wants to watch the game -and not be distracted by any courtship rituals...There was a small percentage of women there- but looked like that is what they were there for too.
AZ burger is da way da go!!  staffs are amazing..
Great shakesColorado burger is awesome Nice a quick for lunchYelp won't let me review only a few words so I am adding this sentence
They do a great job!! I adopted two cats and they are my two babies. All money donated is for a good cause.
Thank you for amazing food, perfect catfish, amazing okra, and the most warm and sincere environment in town, Thank you Fish King for a memorable night, promise to be back soon!!!
Can't get enough of mastros, service makes u feel at home and the food is unreal, I would recommend hitting one of these up in the city closest to you
Great service , tasty food and perfect location . ALTHOGUH it's expensive but believe it worth it . Ihave tried flowery flavor fish as a main dish and it's just great .. also the appetizers are yummy I have got crab mix and tomato cheese salad .. if u r a big fan of pinacolada u haven't drink a heavenly one if u r not in thia place.
The Red Dragonfire drink is oh sooooo delicious.  A smooth martini with a hint of spice. Also try the butter cake. This cake literally melts in your mouth.
Best restaurant in Las Vegas. Everything on the menu is top of the line. Great service and great atmosphere
Delicious, freshly prepared traditional Chinese food! Waitstaff were very attentive & pleasant. My husband thought it was the best sweet & sour chicken he's ever had!
Rude and can not get your order correct.  Blame the customer.  Stay away.  The General Manager accuses the customer of being wrong by asking the staff is that correct.  Of course the staff is not going to say they got it wrong.  The Mark the general manager says see you are wrong and too bad.  Go somewhere else if you don't like the service.  I will never go there.  Stay away unless you like rude and telling you have no idea what you ordered.
Well the food was great but the wait was very long.....I still recommend this Mexican seafood was a great experience just a minor bump lol
Don't ever ever gone there is better to stay hungry then they take your money is the lady. Was fighting with me I told her no cheese in my Barito
I don't like fast food but I love Taco Bell. Cheap and delish. Service is pretty good for a fast food joint. I get my random Taco Bell cravings and it's close to home so I always hit UK the drive through and get my delicious food hot and fast. I'll keep coming back to this location because I've never had any issues.
Good food! Good beans. Chile Reno's were tasty also. Will go back if i'm in the area the water on tap is pretty gross.
Great place! Our server was super nice and friendly! Good service and great food! The ravioli is very yummy!!
it was alright waiters were slow but the food was good i guess you can say you can see me here again
Poor customer service. The people there are lazy. They forgot my napkins and didn't put cheese on my side when I clearly told them that I needed it. The manager didn't do anything for me I am never coming back there again
This is the most expensive goodwill I have ever been to. Prices are double that of other Goodwills.
I really like Hungry Howies Pizza so I continue to buy food from there.  Here's the catch.  Don't use the internet because they won't even pay attention to the order (I know this because it happened to me) and don't deliver because it will take at least and hour and a half (twice happened to me). So basically order over the phone and go and pick it up.
The Service is great! I bought some stuff from there and I love it(: they know what they are talking about its it's nice that it's right by LA fitness. I will fer sure come back to buy my supplements for now on.
I could eat the Carne asada for the rest of my life. Say that the prices are fair for the most part but can get pricy if you have a large family when I have seen similar places it's a lot more competitive pricing. Very good food overall for any meal breakfast lunch or dinner
Great workout with great coaches. They have something for all ages and skill levels come check it out you won't be disappointed.
Great experience. My favorite mountainside! Very clean and the best gym for a very reasonable price.
Best healthcare multipurpose providers ever!
The staff is very friendly and professional. I would highly recommend staying here. They do everything in their power to make the stay a pleasant experience. I would stay here again.
There is never anyone working the photo counter. Takes forever to pick up an order.The pharmacy staff never smiles, they must hate their jobs.  I worked for this company  many years ago, and it pains me to receive lousy service.
best sandwiches in the whole valley. Great sandwiches very consistent
Go hear at least 3 to 4 times a week. Great staff. Always enjoy ourselves. It's a shame the outside seating is right next to drivethru. A privacy fence would be nice.
Best pizza and wings ever, been there about six times this month. Can't get my kids off the tasty wings, Pizza is great not oily at all, over all it's just delicious and good on prices
I love my hair!! Thank you David! Wonderful cut and color!! I am new to the area and I was looking for a new salon and they were able to get me right in. David was extremely personable and friendly. This is my new go to salon!!
Ciera was Unreliable, sneezing around my face as she was placing my lashes. They looked ok but considering all other aspects I wouldn't recommend...
Great food and outstanding prices! I enjoyed the people and the next door feel of the place!
Just like the ones back home in Houston. It's located next to Starbucks. Clerks that was working on Wednesday morning was nice.
This is a Shell  station although the Circe K sign is right below it.  Self serve, prices on the highs side but it is next to fwy and airport.
Yep. That thing Erin said.  Don't trust these people. I was sold French doors two years ago with screened side doors.  Even when I bought them I had expressed concerns about having dogs who could damage the screens and was reassured that with a lifetime warranty that there would be no problem replacing them under warranty. After months of back-and-forth calling, even having a representative come out and evaluate and reassure me that the parts would be ordered and installed, I'm now back to square one being told that I would be charged for a visit to evaluate and charged for any work and materials to be done. Finally I'm being referred to the original manufacturer so I guess I'm a lot luckier than Erin and that my manufacturer is still in business!
Store credit expires in 6 months. :(  I wish it didn't but at least it goes to a good cause I guess.  I visit these stores once in a while, but rarely find the size I need in cargo pants.  Must be a popular size.I always have to wash my hands soon after visiting the second hand stores. I don't think they wash the clothes that are donated before putting them on the racks. Or do they?My friend loves going to Goodwills. She goes regularly and takes a dog in a purse with her.  The dogs seem to enjoy getting out, and my friend enjoys finding bargains at Goodwill.
I've experienced the same as most everyone else. Cold and sometimes soggy food. I've been here multiple times and over a few months. It seems to be getting worse as time goes on.
worst. burger king. evar.This place is terrible. Just got anywhere else. ANYWHERE.
Love this daycare, my twin two year old have so much fun. They learn so much there. I couldn't have ask for a better place for my kids. So glad I found them
Very helpful and knowledgeable. Came gift shopping for father in law and had lots of gift options and packages. Highly recommend this shop
First trip, and can't wait to come back! Tried this place on a Groupon and sold! Everything I have ordered I have enjoyed.  The atmosphere makes it great for a date or even a group.  I recommend you try it.
Very good food and generous portion, will come back again.The young lady who helped me with the order was super friendly, and they gave me 6 pita bread for togo, which is very generous.
Really great pizza. I love there BBQ chicken pizza. A great hangout place for friends and family.
I really enjoy their buffalo chicken pizza and their pepperoni pizzas.They have some pretty good sized salads too that I enjoy. Nice to sit on the outside patio and eat more relaxed.
Great deals on used guns!  Found a used Ruger for $80 less than next door (with laser)
Nom nom nom. Best drinks! The food is great as well especially if you're in need of a late night snack.
Food wss great! We an on going back. Just not a five star because its a pizza place atmosphere.
Super yummy & the staff is great! I definitely recommend this place. Service was fast & the food looks absolutely delicious. I'll be ordering the cookie with ice cream for dessert. The place is not too busy so my server is super attentive & my meal got out in good time.
Wanted to rent a car for The Better Half to use on a road trip and found this place on Expedia.  It was the lowest priced car rental joint in the Phoenix area, so we made a reservation.  When we arrived they asked her to provide a copy of 2 utility bills and a copy of our insurance....what?!  I've rented a car hundreds of times and have never heard of such a thing.  I thought I was going crazy and laughed....the person working the desk was serious.  They require 2 utility bills and a copy of your insurance?! To rent a friggin' car?! FAILI quickly jumped on my iPhone and booked another reservation with Enterprise.  10 min later, we were in our rental car.This company has no clue.  Who the hell keeps a copy of their utility bills nowadays?  I don't.  I either have them electronically and don't have paper copies or I throw them away immediately.  This company is a pure joke in my mind.Return Factor - 0%
Best guy around town!!! Staff is friendly and they make you feel at ease. Dr Boscamp is the best!
Awesome instruments. A must see museum! Crazy sounds and cultures. Food is good. It's huge.
slow & rude. i can only put up with the service if i'm intoxicatedthe food does come out good, but it takes a while. p.s. i also prefer my coffee from ihop because they have better creamer and actually have flavors
We love this place. Great selection, great staff, good prices and close to home. Additionally, this place is very clean and fitting for the complex. I recommend gumbo if you haven't been here before.
Yummy as always , fast delivery !!! Pizzas were made perfectly!! Delivery person was very friendly!!! Great job !!!
Always friendly and fast! Love that I can order ahead and just pick up my coffee! Sad they raised prices but promotions help!
Drive thru 18 minutes!!!!  That was just for a drink!  Customer service was poor and to add to things the ice tea was old.  Threw it out.  Can't wait another 18 minutes for refund.  1st time I've been to this place.  Wouldn't go back.
Great gym and friendly staff. No intimidation when working out and it has everything I need. I don't like the big gym atmosphere.
Great service, very knowledgeable and friendly staff. Very community focused. Large selection of road bikes, mountain bikes, some beach cruisers and BMX plus all the gear..
Late lunch...... Large variety on the  menu. I had the filling station special (grilled ham and cheese) plenty of thin sliced ham with a very good Dijon mustard sauce. My friend had the fountain hill club wrap which was enough for two people very good! Service was prompt and courteous
It's always freezing here, bring a sweater. Wait time is really long. Had an order for CT scan with contrast and the tech tried to tell me I really didn't needs the contrast. Hmmm what about Drs orders?
Fun and friendly place that's close to my house. I would recommend this place as a good meet spot because it's not too loud inside
Dr. Anikwue, is very knowledgeable and helpful.  I would recommend him to anyone.  As a registered nurse, I believe he has done a an excellent job.
Dr T is the best, End of story. His 5 stars all day long! His staff is sweet and kind. I love Kiki she so professional and remember my name.
Cute lovely little place and wonderful ladies. I got the Country Breakfast, It was delicious! Get the home fries too!
You never know when they are open.  Food is good but it is a guess when they are open. Never follow the posted hours
Have had better burritos. Tried the green chili  and the meat it self was bland. There was more green chili sauce than meat. I may have just gotten the one bad burrito experience and they may be perfectly good.
Gatta have my cinnamon dolce late ! Blessed that its on my way to work. The service is fast here and they are so upbeat and friendly.
Top notch, kudos to Carol.  She was fast and efficient.  Awesome service!  I was in and out of this FAST food restaurant in about 3 mins.
Fast, friendly & knowledgeable. Competitive prices. The experience was good enough for me to take the time and post this.
Good food with fast and friendly service. The Chicken Parmesan was good and came with pasta, salad & bread for $9,75.
Very good!! Must try them!! Some of the best NY Style Italian food in AZ!! The lasagna was very good, prolly the best baked Zitti my mom had ever tasted!! Give them a try!!
Went back for my follow up and received a check over and instructions for lab testing to make sure it took. Haven't had any sort of issues following the procedure.Just got my lab results back and I'm completely sterile! Yay!! I don't know which kind of cake is appropriate for this sort of celebration.
After 3 years of going there I finally stopped due to the fact of price rises (greed), untrained staff, and hidden fees that magically appear when they want to! Last incident, took our dog and we're on a so called special VIP deal which is $15 every two weeks, they raised the prices without telling us and so it became a not so VIP deal! They told us we owed $15 for missing an appointment, I told her well who owes us for when staff doesn't show up on time, almost an hour late on many occasions. Unfair business practice, she tried to explain to me other grooming plans which were not any better and pretty much just as much as the oh so awesome VIP deal! From $15 twice a month to $20 something twice a month plus haircut more than $30. Taking a dog once a month with no SPECIAL VIP DEAL, comes out less! So where's the deal?? Was not going to pay $15.00 plus another $ 30 to 40 cuz I missed a so called scheduled appointment, they didn't even call to confirm the day before like the usually do, she said that was a courtesy service, which is fine but if we are scheduled at 7 a.m. and no one shows up until 7:30 almost 8 o'clock then who's going to pay for my time due to the fact that it was a scheduled appointment that they didn't show up to! Let customers know there will be a $15 charge for not showing up to appointment don't tell them whenever you feel like telling them, tell them in the beginning of the initial service! Called mobile groomers seem to be cheaper and they show up at your house! Puppy land will become a faint memory with the type of business ethics they display!
No complaints. Employees were very polite and helpful.  Very clean. Of course a little expensive i.e. 10¢ for one copy b/w.
These people always are so helpful for printing my monthly flyers!!! They go the extra mile to make sure my prints come out perfect! Oops they then charge you 5,00 to change a font.
Great place for late night food runs, Not the best food, but then again can't expect 5-star dining at 3am
Had an amazing Mother's Day!!! Crossed another item off my bucket list today. Tanner and Brooke were ver helpful. I'll definitely be back.
Pretty solid Calzones!!! Can't go wrong with this place. Always excellent service and always a great dinner! Thanks Jimmy for the best pizza in Buckeye!!!
Tommy is a great guy and he makes amazing food. End of story. Try it. He really puts his heart into this and makes everything himself. This is as local as it gets. This place will make you come for more. You will like it.
AVOID THE PHARMACY AT ALL COST. They are incompetent and rude. They are incapable of following up, rude and just plain incompetent. They had a 4 hour wait to fill a prescription. We decided to transfer to another pharmacy. An hour later they still had not transfered the prescription. My wife called and tried to explain that we have a sick child in need of the medicine. The woman snapped we are all sick here. Terrible customer service. The CVS corporation should look at this store and consider making serious changes in their pharmacy.
Great place great cut would recommend will be back just keeping it real 100 I got done really fast and time when so fast when I was done I was already and there you go would be back again
Always have fast and friendly service. Big ol fat burritos at a fair price! Even when the line is to the door, you're in and out in a very reasonable time.
**Check out Dollar Mountain!** (located in the back of the store) I happened upon this store while on a "book quest" during my stay in Phoenix in July 2013. I am a huge supporter of independently owned book stores, so I was really excited to find this gem. Though it's pretty small in comparison to some of the other indie shops I've been too, this book store has a pretty awesome selection of books. All the sections and shelves are well organized so books are easy to find. At the register, there is a glass showcase that holds some first editions, and even some autographed copies as well. The owner was very friendly, and extremely helpful. They were running some awesome specials as well. There are several tables at the front of the store where any of the books you find or select are only $2 each. I got several hardcover books (used) in EXCELLENT condition for $2 each. There are a few new books scattered throughout as well, but this store specializes in USED. IF you go to the back of the store, you'll find "Dollar Mountain", which is a HUGE stack of books that are all $1. Awesome deal!So, when I was in this store, I asked the owner: "What happens to the hundreds of books you get in that don't sell? Do you toss them? Recycle them?" His reply: "Some I do send off to be recycled into new paper for new books, but I primarily donate them to the troops overseas in Afghanistan and Iraq."--That answer alone inspired me to make a hefty purchase. We need more stores and people like this to stay in business. These businesses are great for the community. I'd highly recommend this store should you ever be in the Phoenix area!
Great staff.  Excellent service! Dr. Herrera was a great choice for our family doctor
Very clean, chill, professional and artistic. Great place to be!!!I just started working here a few weeks ago; after working at a few other local shops in town, this one is by far one of the best! A little hidden gem on the east side!!   Paloma is an amazing piercer. She did my third eye piercing with no pain and super fast!  Being a piercer myself I can testify she uses nothing but high quality equipment and jewelry.
Well, a churro is deep fried bread usually stuffed and covered with sugar and cinnamon.  We like JIB churros but usually the cinnamon is nowhere to be found.  : (We used drive thru, service was fast and friendly
Great quality and service. My nails never chip or break. Always recommend gel service. The colors are beautiful.
Renee always takes care of me. She even know how I order my wings. She'll see me walking up from the parking lot and have my order ready before I even sit down. A pleasure to talk too.
Great buying experience.  Reasonable price car in sound working order.  Shane and the team are good quality people you can trust.  If you are looking for a used car this should be your first stop.
Service was okay and the ladies were nice. They leave the door wide open so it gets kind of hot tho.
Excellent service!!!  Rita is the best!Great job, affordable prices and the best attention ever!!!
AVOID THIS PLACE!!! Sold me broken atomizer, went back 10 minutes later to exchange, and crabby, bitter, insane old lady first told me, what I was returning wasn't what she sold me, then she told me I broke it??!! This was impossible, as it never worked in first place, no way I could break what never worked. She knew nothing about the merchandise she sold, refused to exchange. this place won't be around much longer, as cigars are stale, they sell broken merchandise, and they have no class...1 star is way too much for this place.
Always pleasant visits. Always great food. Great alone or a group. They have gumball machines for the kids and 3 televisions for all your sport watching fans. They have great service, no long waits, you can call ahead with your order or order upon arrival.
Great place to get some great pie!!! 3.99 for 2 slices of cheese and a drink! !!!! Right amount of sauce and the cheese is perfect. Great find on a lazy afternoon.
Good prices, specials and coupons.Defiantly will be returning
Great food, great prices, great service! Always my favorite Chinese food in north Phoenix!
Just ate here for lunch. Now my boyfriend and I are both very sick. My butt hole hurts very very bad. My waitress hated me. she gave me brown avocado. My boyfriend pooped a whole leaf. I just. I just. I gotta go.
We  were way out in east Mesa and hungry not too many places to choose from so we decided to come here. Being from Chicago it's very hard to find decent Chicago style food.Great hot dog and pizza puff. Fast service. Very clean.   The only bad thing about eating Chicago style food in Arizona is that it's always a little bit overpriced but kind of have to expect that. If we are ever out in east Mesa again we will definitely stop here. Perfect place to grab food when you're about to hit the river or after
Authentic Chicago style sandwiches at reasonable prices.  Friendly and courteous staff.
Wow what a wonderful experience I had today. I love this place!!! You must go!!! The Nurse Practitioner is caring and competent and I am so happy to have this Med-Spa be my one stop shop!! I'm telling all of my girlfriends!!
Great product, price and people. Would recommend them to anyone ! They matched the price of their competitors with no questions asked. Who does this anymore!
Awesome blackened pacific mahi mahi tacos!! Chicken street tacos along with a crafty beer is nice too! So far never disappointed !!
Always friendly and always do great designs! I have been here several times and they are always great. I always make a point to come here and get my nails done for special occasions!I always get a Pedi and I am always please with the designs they come up with since I am not really into flowers. They are always accommodating and come up with a fresh cool design.
I'm always happy with my car when they are done but you better have patience! I've been here 25 minutes and they are just now getting to the interior! Oh and practice smiling and saying "No Thank You!" 10 times before you get here so it rolls off your tongue during the up-sell.That being said I'm always happy with their work on my car. They do a great job, I always have a super clean car and they will go back fix anything you aren't happy with. Just know it will take 45 minutes - 1.5 hours on the weekend to get your car clean.
Great place great service love this place they treat you right done right the first time they always coming back for more and happy to make sure sure the washer is done properly write everything is detail well and clean great place
Awesome wash. Great place. Thank you for doing such a great job. I really enjoy getting all 4 cars washed here.
Bloody Mary and breakfast, Direct TV, what else do you need? Bla bla bla its an American bar oh ya they have horse racing events too.
Good pizza. Good service. Will go back again. Haven't tried everything yet, but will next time. Clean and courteous service.
My morning routine! Love this place, the staff and if course the coffee!! Live that Dutch Bro's are all drive through but seriously the staff are so fun and friendly it really helps start my day right!
Best service ever!! Kasey is a rockstar! No wait and got great deal!  She hooked me up with a new phone and watch!  Other stores haven't been as good as this one!
The food is great and served hot and is always fresh.  Portions are large also.  I recommend the green chille dish. The breakfast is also great.
These guys are fantastic totally worth the money just ask for medium pressure!! Go for the 20 minute chair massage.
Great doc. Our whole family has been going there for years.  Including some business associates.
A great place to live. Very clean! Beautiful, and very prompt friendly staff.
Someone needs to move the trash bins somewhere away from the drive thru I could smell cheese already.It's relatively inexpensive food.
Still one of my favorite places in tokwn for Carne Asada!The fish tacos are really very good too!
Hookah was awesome, server B kept our coals hot and the Tangiers tasting great! :-) They've always got an awesome atmosphere and are always willing to give tasty suggestions for what shisha to smoke.
What can I say. I always get an Orange Whip. Awesome. Thanks guys!My wife got a kale smoothie a few days ago, but that's not really my gig. I like the Orange Whip and that's all I get. Lol. I believe it's the Orange Dream without something.
What can I say. I always get an Orange Whip. Awesome. Thanks guys!It's my tried and true drink. My wife has gotten kale drinks but not really my thing.
Fast friendly service only place to go to get your car done right they told me what was wrong with my car and didn't try to sell me on something I didn't need they don't nickel and dime you they find the best price possible to fit your needs completely satisfied with there customer service
TIP: As a former C-Store employee in a very busy east valley location who heard the name on my tag read twice in two years, it is a warm and gratifying feeling in this business to hear "Thanks" and hear one's name.I was enlightened about the QT brand at this location. Of course they have fuel. Of course they have drinks, in large cases and burbling out of every kind of dispenser known in the C-Store Kingdom. Lots of food too. The day in March 2015 I fueled and stepped into the store I was searching for a pen. I'd left my Nerd Kit of memo book and pen at home, and I needed to make a few notes. I rustled through the aisles and did find a package of two pens. My car is supplied. Along the way I found an amazing collection of one-offs found in few C-Stores, or only rural ones. Tire patch kits, bits of hardware and tools, the usual over the counter medications and protection from creating children or passing on not-fun bacteria and viruses. Diapers for children and adults, mense fluid absorbers, and an ATM. I was amazed. The thing I did not find and would have paid for, was a small pad of paper or tiny spiral notebook. I used a napkin for writing and caught up on my voicemail messages outside in the shade.
Super clean and friendly. The gentleman was so kind to my elderly mom. I wish we had a shop like this in Lake Tahoe.
Had an awesome experience for the 2nd time. Great prices and perfect service. I would totally recommend them if you are like me and just pop in when you are feeling like you need to be pampered and hate making appointments for things like that.
Quick and easy. Customer service was great. Probably 3 people a head of me and it took about 15 min maybe less for me to be seen. In and out. Awesome and fast!
Worse massage I ever had.  I purchased a 90 minute massage from Groupon and I got a 65 minutes massage instead.  The massage was barely a massage.  Her hands are not strong enough to do massages.  My 4 year old niece gives better massages.  Very disappointed.  Such a waste of time and money.
Hotel is very clean and comfortable.  Hilton Hotels does it again.  Comfortable beds, great outdoor pool and hot tub.  The hotel has a plentiful and fresh breakfast along with great coffee.  The location is convenient as it is located right next to the Cardinals stadium and a massive outdoor shopping plaza.  Overall it is in a good location right off of the freeway.
9/13/15 3:07pmJust left, this store had terrible customer service The store was full of employees unwilling to assist customers. The vibe I got was they did not want to work.
After waiting for an hour to do a wire transfer the bank representatives at this location are by far the worst Wells Fargo employees I have ever dealt with, customer service here is terrible at store #00754224.
Love my nails super cute. 少し少し面倒 but will come back.And bring my other daughters. Thank you
Alicia made my sandwhich like a boss! Just needed a quick bite after the gym n she made it 0-100... Real quick !
Prefer to give a 0. Rude and lazy workers and my car is still dirty. They took forever and there were only 2 other cars there.  Don't know how they stay in business!
$24.  1.25 hrs.  No parm or red pepper as requested.  They did deliver a second time and got it right.  Happy they want to please their customers!
Nypd pizza has terrible customer service. Don't give them your business and the manager named mike will not help you at all. A grain of rice holds more substance than he does
Oh ma lawd ! Good pizza ! Even better service ! Alycia was a great server. They Wallstreet is my favorite
Great place fast and friendly. Ask for Phyillis she is great.  The shop is very easy to get to and they have plenty of parking.
The corn dogs are ordered or burnt and recooked nasty nasty nasty. This place is right across the street from MOUNTAIN VISTA Hospital and they should serve a lot better food than that I'll never eat there again gross
Nice salon. Many services that can be completed. Clean and friendly. On time with clients which is nice!!! They don't try to over sell products. Love that!
Awesome mani/pedi!!! Love this place!! Everyone is always so friendly and the place is very clean.
Awsome store for your hats and boots. Plenty of great accessories also plus great selections.
My kids love it! Needs better management. The fry's are great ask for well done and they are even better.
It's ok. I was not comfortable. No one  welcomed me. They have awesome designs but my nails were lumpy like the acrylic wasn't smoothed correctly.
Always satisfied with my PERFECT PERFECT pedicures! I'm not yet satisfied with their acrylics, but for now I'll stay faithful with my pedicures :) make sure to come in during the week because their expected to be busy on the weekends!
Chipotle!  What could be bad????  We went for Teacher Appreciation Night and what an awesome thing they do for educators!  BOGO!  We tried the sofritos which were amazingly good!  (Especially for meat eaters like us!!).  This location was BUSY for this special night but the line moved efficiently and everyone was really friendly and greeted us with a smile despite the crowds.  We'll definitely be back!  Only wish they were bigger!!
Love this place. Great for the kids and always clean. I can always tell when a restaurant has great management. Our kids never wait for a ticket attendant. This makes the experience for the parent enjoyable.
Fast drive thru.  Accurate orderThis location is kind of off the beaten path an dhas never been busy when we've gone here.  Place is clean and the service is fast and friendly. What more can you ask for?
7a-7p. Cash or credit!Can't really complain about a $3 wash.  The staff was pretty cool - nice kid - especially given that it was 7a on a Sat and he looked like he had woken up about 5 minutes before.If the place isn't busy - recommend backing into the stall to do the vacuum.  Otherwise - the hose isn't very long.  If you can't back in because the place is busy - then I suggest you pull up all the way to the little curb thingy.The machines for the extras (Armor All, towels, scent sticks, etc.) are cash only.Overall - THE Best Value I have ever come across for a wash and vacuum.
Honest. Dependable. Reliable. I trust them 100%. 5 stars and 2 thumbs up. I asked them if I need tires and they honestly said not right away. That's honesty. I take my car there every time for an oil change and they're always fast and friendly.
Forgot to pack socks on my trip to AZ!!! Well apparently hiking in high heels is not the best idea, so I had to find somewhere along the way!!! This Ross is huge but barely filled!!! Such a low selection of inventory... But I found what I was looking for, and even found a perfume that was discontinued a few years ago so that made my day.Otherwise the staff here were all pretty happy and happy to hear I was from Cali :) Great staff but sadly a low selection of everything :(
Everything is amazing tosti elotes and mitotero mango loko  all to die for! The prices are very reasonable and the service is always great the line sometimes gets pretty long but our always moves very fast and you don't have to ever worry about quality of product I've never been let down!
They have some bomb ass stuff here. They r opened till 1030 pm every day. They r all over the valley. 6 in desert sky itself
Filling Christmas boxes for needy kids.  What a great way to share your time..This was such a great was to end the night! there were so many people here filling these boxes! And to see all the kids doing this for other kids it was great! Thanks Starbucks for hosting!
Friendly and professional...oh, and they helped my back.  The staff is very accommodating.  It is always a treat to see them.
First time using this dry cleaners and all garments came back looking better than new. Great customer service and quality work. Will continue to use Natural cleaners.
Always a great, inexpensive, haircut and good service. I didn't know until recently you can use their website to reserve an appointment! Great for knowing if your usual barber is working the day you want to go in.
Iceberg salad with dry chicken. Not a fan. One meal came noticeably earlier than the rest of the table. Edible food. But not worth paying for.
Best service I've had from subway in a long time. The shift leader was awesome. Easily the best around town. Will be going to this one even though one is closer to my house
Late night Staff has no personality. I know it's a fast food place...But if you work their respect you employment. and remember their are 10,000 people waiting for you to get fired to take your job.
Nora was great and helped me whip out some printing jobs. Everything was super quick and reasonably priced. Would definitely go here again for mass printing needs.
Favorite lunch spot for fish tacos! I've dined in and ordered for pick up. Both are easy and fast. They're always friendly and the place is clean. Can't ever go wrong with a small restaurant with 5 star service. Also did I mention that the fish tacos are amazing?!
Closed?!? I went this morning and the place was totally empty!I really liked this place. The coffee was always great.
Love it here. Everything is delicious. Authentic Mexican food!I work next door and eat there a couple times a week. My favorites are the chili rellenos and soft chicken tacos. But it's all really good. Especially the salsas.
I'm currently in the drive thru lane waiting, 10 minutes now and counting. Horrible. I should have settled for McDonald's across the street. -.-
Clean but staff isn't very friendly. I started writing this post last week and still have the same feedback after my visit today. Great location, clean however the staff is slow and not friendly to customers. Disappointing to say the least!
Best pizza in Arizona. If deep dish is your favorite, this is the the place to find.The service is fantastic. A good selection of pizza and beers. This is even worth a detour between Phoenix and Payson if your are hungry.
Kim is the owner and on top of the latest trends! She does a consistently excellent job of maintaining my 2-B/C whirly-wavy permed locks! I won't trust ANYONE else to touch my hair!! Her daughter Jenny is pretty amazing too!!
Kim is the owner and on top of the latest trends! She does a consistently excellent job of maintaining my 2-B/C whirly-wavy permed locks! I won't trust ANYONE else to touch my hair!! Her daughter Jenny is pretty amazing too!!
A legitimate massage joint. You keep your clothes on for great massages that beat out other chain establishments at a fraction of the cost!It's a very affordable place since an hour massage only costs 25$ as of this writing.  With a 5 dollar tip, that's 30 out-the-door.  Usually 60+ at most other massage places.The people actually have massage therapy licenses and they're hanging on the wall to the left as you enter.  I've been coming here weekly for the past two months and it's been really good.  The only reason I did a minus two on the stars is because last time I was here, I drifted off... Only to wake up and find the masseuse also half-asleep and barely moving his hands.  When I slightly moved my body to act as if I was waking up, he went back into full force.  I guess I don't really feel it or enjoy it if I'm asleep but I don't think that makes it right for him to not massage if I've drifted off...I guess my advice is for you to not fall asleep?
This part of Phoenix in a dump. This QT reflects the area it is in. It's QT so it better than other gas stations around but it's still one of the worst QTs I've seen.
Very mediocre Gringo-style Mexican Food. Save some dollars and go to Taco Bell. Portions small as well. Medium salsa was good but tamales were very hard.
The band tonight is amazeballs. I'm coming back if they play again. Everyone is dancing and having a blast.
Getting my toes done, amazing. Convincing my boyfriend to get his toes done with me.... Priceless!I have come here a few times. They have always done a great job on my toes as well as waxing my eyebrows. They always do great designs on my toes as well!!
We were Very pleased with our service we had great service from Alex today .going to come back for sure
Great slice with wings deal. Delicious pizza. Friendly staff. I work close to them so they give me a neighbor discount. I ordered the six wings slice combo. They bring an unlimited amount of delicious bread. I always leave full and happy.
Rude staff with horrible management! Not returning for a loooooooong time! The cashier had no manners, continually messing up. Then she had to have a sweet manager come to help. That was fine. But once the manager left, another rude amber came in with an attitude. This did nothing to help fix the problem. Won't be returning.
We've always had very good food and service from BoBo China. Great lunch deals!  Food is always hot and fresh and the portions are plenty.
I found a living bug in my food, and a roach under our table. Also the girl dishing rice scraped out the last of the rice in the pan which wasn't even a full serving but apparently it was too much work to add from the fresh rice, so I got jipped on rice. I guess it doesn't matter because I stopped eating when an insect crawled over my lettuce.
Closing at 7pm on weekdays?  What is this, the 1920s?  This is pathetic.  Everywhere else is open til 9 or 24 hours.  This is pathetic.  Boycott this small town mentality that is unconventional and not good for customers.
When I had my haircut there it looked amazing when I saw it.My mom even owns the place.
Love these guys, they take such good care of my fur babies! I like them a lot better than Banfield, the nearest alternative. Super friendly and caring staff.. Dr. White is great.
Outstanding staff...Christin does a phenomenal job on my hair..I would recommend this great clips...
Wait 4 hours to fix an ac and charged me $559 to replace a belt. Be aware! I will not go there again and just upset that I chose this one with so many good garages are nearby.
Best pizza in gold canyon. They picked up when "the Garage" closed. We've had pasta once and pizza twice... Very satisfied every time.
Good food and prompt service.   A nice little Chinese restaurant.   Delicious iced tea.    Even had a tv on for watching the game, though it was a bit small.
Amazing NY cheese steak pizza!  Really the best specialty pizza! Great flavor and they have good daily specials.
Friendly but not the same since Josh left. I see many new people working here and they don't seem to offer the friendly service as before.
I love Chick-fil-A!!! Always great service and great food. Strawberry milkshake and one ofthe NEW Grilled Chicken Club Sandwiches is the perfect meal.
Excellent care and service!Highly recommend this place and the staff!I have been coming here for 10 + years.
Always clean and friendly attendant . Lady is actually working and not away from her responsibilities like at other places.
Absolutely love this place! Great prices, great staff, nails always look great. I've been getting my nails done for years and this is by far one if the best
I've been going to a  local place near my house and I've never been overly happy with the outcome so i thought I'd look up a place on yelp.  As always yelp has steered me in the right direction.  Just had a pedi done with Brittany.  She did an amazing job.  I'll def be back. She really takes the time to make sure sure you're happy.  5 star treatment!  Thanks Brittany!
Best hookah products! Ever! The only place I go to for my shisha. They literally have every flavor and I cannot get over how cheap they are. Lately I've been all about these electronic hookahs (im a loser I know) but this is the only place that sells good ones. I hate the Starbuzz..I definitely recommend this smoke shop.
Love their sushi here..always fresh, Yogis has a good lunch special Chicken Teriaki bowl with a drink for $6.99 .. It's a must try
Excellent casual fast food. Liked everything we tried. Employees and are nice and food is quick but fresh.
Heathy clean food, clean establishment.  Great fast heathy food.  Would highly recommend and I will return.
Awesome food. Fresh and delicious. Our son loves the pancakes. This is a genuine local joint where they remember your name, remember your favorites and always treat you like family.
Yummy food and very nice people! Awesome crepes and benedict!Crepes, berries were super fresh and delicious creme. Benedict has savory potatos and fantastic hollandaise sauce. The tarragon biscuit underneath is a great base.
Amazing service, excellent food and decent prices! Love this joint! I've been here multiple times and its been awesome each and every visit!
LEXY gave me an amazing haircut!! Will be back just because of her.The salon was clean and a good experience :)
Amazing. Good raw food selection and great live music on Saturday evening! They use all local and organic ingredients and have cool seasonal drinks and food.
Great eye candy and good tunes!! They also offer line dancing classes! It was a little dead (for a Friday night) but in all fairness, we did go super late. They have beer pong tables too if you're into that
Good pizza and hoagies friendly service . A lot of variety of unique drinks you usually don't see elsewhere .. Clean atmosphere .. Would go back
They stop serving in dining room half hour before they close. But take out till close.Yum Wen Sen Salad is my taste test for any Thai restaurant.  This one was classic with lots of ground pork and big shrimp.  I ordered a 3 on the 1-5 - I could have used a 5, but I dig spicy, spicy food.  3 was pretty mild to me.   Pleasant staff, casual warm environment, made us feel welcome even though it was late when we got there.
This bakery is amazing. I go in at least once a week. I always look forward to the variety of baked goods
The female cashier working at this place provided very poor customer service, seemed to wanna talk more to her boy friend that came to visit her instead of customers
I love this hotel. Decor is beautiful and atmosphere is great. I will always be staying at this hotel when I return to Vegas. The beds were so comfortable, staff was always great and helpful. The bathroom was very neat with a see through shower. The pools were amazing! I would recomend this hotel to anyone traveling to Vegas for a great time!
Drinking in the am?   Check.Losing boatloads of cash before lunch.  Check.Dip into my savings for Wicket spoon?  Check.Lounge around the pool.  Check.Beg random people for money so i can get into Marquee.  Check.I really like this hotel.  I've stayed here numerous times.... How can you say no to a magnificent view of the Strip????  I love the location of this hotel as well... i feel like its equal distance from XS, right next to marquee and when lights and hakkasan open up, its in the middle as well.... The rooms are nice and spacious.  if you come with a group of people, it shouldn't cost more than 50-60 per person if you cop a decent deal.  my friend won 250k here!  so its nice to hear someone you know actually walk away in vegas with money.  lolThe whole hotel/casino has a swanky feel to it.  whenever you drape a chandeliers... you know the place means business.  ya hear?
Holy shiatsu my room is huge.Stayed here during an internal company conference. I was given a terrace room. 2 queen beds on the 54th floor.  The room decor is fabulous with interesting black and white wallpaper patterns in the closet and bathroom.  The bathroom is divided into 4 components: jetted tub, separate shower with bench, separate toilet and 2 sinks. There is a main Hello/Goodbye button in the room that turns all the lights off and on.I always check out swimming pools in the hotel. They had 3! On the west tower, the Bamboo pool is long enough to make lap swimming fun particularly when one has to dodge erratic toddlers and random drunks. There are 3 elevator rooms that take guests to room slots.  The restaurant selections here are also good. Jaleo made the Opentable fit for foodie list, Holstein and Scarpetta are pretty good.Might be tempted to stay here again if there is such an ocassion.
Buy water, or any drinks off the strip. Walgreens across the street is very overpriced. Must visit wicked spoon.Had a view of the Bellagio Fountains and the strip which was very nice. This place was very busy all the time.  Pools loaded with people.  If you like the strip you will love this place.
Awesome hotel and very friendly staff. Parking is great b/c they tell you how many spots are left on each floor. Great shopping in Cosmo and fun gaming all around. There's a shop on the 2nd floor with the best macaroon's ever!!!
Not cheap, but the rooms, fitness center, and staff are great! You are also within easy walking distance to The Aria, Caesar's, and Bellagio.
Nice price but a bit expensive.  Room was great with good view of fountains. The staff was friendly and helpful
This is the worst venue for a concert.. #brunomars concert avoid at all costs.. never again will I ever come here for a concert
Best hotel.  I like it a lot .  Sweat customer service awesome Awsum awesumer one of the better hotels in las vegas
Cosmopolitan bars are great but what makes them great are the bartenders! Bartender Will Rios, you're the best!!
Very nice and clean .. Little expensive night but overall good . The mall portion was very nice very top notch stores and had a good time overall recommend
We had a suite, and it was durty!! $550 for a night, really? So disappointed!!This place is a scam..
do not hire aaction movers consider your greatest fears of having someone pkg. and move your possessions...AAction Movers will fulfill your fears
Very nice staff and Doctor. As soon as you walk in they are ready to help. Very clean and comfortable waiting room with a tv to watch. The bathroom is big and clean and always smells nice :) room freshener. When they put you in a room they also have a tv in there to keep your mind off of what ever your there for. From the girls to the doctor they tell you what they are doing before they do it. Im very comfortable in coming here and would highly recommend them to anybody. My husband comes here as well.I believe they take most insurances. They will never do anything on you until they have talked to you first.
Crap cars, crap service! Do not waste your time or money! 2 shuttles to get to the place. Then they were out of cars. Had to wait for a car, no maintenance check on the car! Given a car to get us by.... Went back daily trying to get the right car I reserved! Finally day 2 the right class car arrived and they swapped me out! What a crock! Cars are filthy and stink like urine!
Good price and extremely fast delivery! Will definite use again. Flowers were fresh and looked great.
Terrible . They closed early and I was really craving ice cream . Waste of time ! I will never come here again
Authentic Mexican munchies so yummy!!!The people there are super nice and helpful. I've never had authentic Mexican snacks before and I gotta say thanks to la flor de michoacan I fell in love with them!!
Out of business 10-23-2014Just tried to eat here .. All closed up :(((Sad bc we loved this place
Super service and very knowledgeable. They took my questions and solved them easily. Highly recommend them and AtT
Catelyn the blonde heavy set cashier with glasses is a rude b*tch! Store was messy & I will not return or give this store my business ever again. I love the Pet Smart off Eastern & Silverado ranch. Their staff is ALWAYS FRIENDLY & HELPFUL.
Discriminating against senior dogs. Don't go here. Sorry that my dog older, and you can't rush her in and out.
Come here We give Great customer service. We try our best to give you the price you want.
This is a very good place to get haircut. Clean, fast and reasonable price. I will come back for next haircut.
Looked slammed...But..SURPRISE!!! No wait... Friendly people. Quickly acknowledged. Maybe we are in the calm before the storm? Parking lot suggests the area restaurants are slammed. :) Love the chips n salsa. Don't come that often... But almost always enjoy myself.
I cannot believe they are in business. Worse company ever. Pitiful. I cannot believe they are in business. Worse company ever. Pitiful. I cannot believe they are in business. Worse company ever. Pitiful.
Slow and expensive. Wish I would have stayed with cox. Cheaper and faster. Horrible customer service.
Slowest Starbucks in town...poor  management.  Employees excel on talking with their friends and not the customers so service suffers...
If you are looking for slow, rude service, this is the Starbucks for you. Chloe, your rude Barista, will be more then willing to make your drink wrong, then get an attitude with you when you point it out to her. Or if your in a hurry, order a black iced tea and wait for it for 20 minutes.  All in all, choose a different location to go to until this one gets it act together. Have a horrible experience at this store, please call 800-STARBUCKS, it is the only way that the store will get turned around.
I believe this store is close. I been trying to find this location, but no luck.
I really wanted to like this place. It's quiet, clean and reasonable prices.The gel manicure lasted 4 days only. The polished peeled right off. I've been getting gel manicures for years and they always last 3 weeks. I returned for a second time. I explained what happened, they only asked who had worked on my nails. They did not offer to fix it or a discount at least.Got my nails done again, the second manicure lasted less than a week and the pedicure 3 days.I will be going back to my old place, even if I have to pay $10 extra for each service.
Awesome very helpful staff and super fast service Quiana was amazing!!!!! Had a product due tonight and was able to get everything printed cut and bound. It looks great and was super easy no hassle they did everything for me and reasonably priced.
Sales associate named Ella was rude and unhelpful. She seemed as though she did not want to assist me and before her ever even acknowledging me she she looked at me not once or twice but three times.
I go here everytime I get my nails done. it's very peaceful inside and they have a wide selection of nail designs to choose from. they are all very friendly staff as well.  the prices are also pretty average.
Excellent food and great service. We're really glad we found this place. Tacos were very good and breakfast burrito was excellent.
Gotta get the fish tacos!!! They're expensive (too expensive actually) but they're amazing!!
I love this place got some hearty, fresh Mexican food! They don't always have menudo. If you're a fan, be sure to find out when they will be cooking it!
Wow! The BEST fish tacos are located right here at Phat Phranks! The customer service was great too, worth mentioning!
Stopped in and had the fish Tacos, absolutely killer. I'm in from out of town for the next few months and will be making this my regular lunch spot,
Awesome steak fries and churros! The owner is super down to earth and chill. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be going back!!
Great patio with fountain view! And it changes colors (the fountain)!!!!!Nice decor with an authentic pizzeria vibe. My pepperoni pizza was pretty awesome, and they do not skimp on toppings! The crust was a little black, and I know they are wood fired, but it didn't taste burnt. Love the cheese too. Disclosure- my pizza was free, as it was a birthday large pizza through the e-mail club! Thank you Grimaldi's for this great deal. One issue though- they sent an e-mail advertising wine specials for February, and the bartender told me they sold out already on Feb. 17!I had the house red for $4, which is a good price, and an OK wine.
The food was great and the service  was excellent. Pleasant surroundings. It was very nice to have such pleasant service and they were very friendly and made our visit that extra special. They went above and beyond their job. Thank you
Can not get enough of this place. The Pesto pizzas are a religious experience! Service is always excellent.
Best pizza in Las Vegas, friendly staff, and a great location. We make this place a regular stop a couple times a month.
Good and clean location, nothing special.  Gas is normally 5 cents cheaper down the street (go south on Hualapai just passed DI on your left).
Pizza was really good. But it was not sliced. Won't keep me from ordering in the future
I would put 0 if I can. Want me to wait 45 min for 3 balloons?! Just lazy. I have a graduation in a hour and you want me to spend 45 of that waiting on 3 balloons. Why is there only 3 employees and 2 of them not doing anything?
Customer service could be worked and prices are high. Keep looking.................................
Great friendly staff.  FAST service!They start making my coffee when I walk in the door.  By the time I get to the front of their fast moving short line it's waiting for me.Their manager Barbara and her staff are on it!I would suggest they do away with the pain of needing to sign a $3 credit card slip though...
Terrible, unfriendly service. Seemed like I was inconveniencing her so I walked out.Revised review; I gave just place another chance. I went in this morning for breakfast and got the usual bad service. Not only that, I was short changed because she said she didn't have the change in the register to give to me. Are you kidding me!! If I'm short one penny, I have to break the bill and walk around with a pocket full of change. The lady behind me heard that and walked out. Then I get my food which was to stay, go to sit down and I can't because every single table in the restaurant was filthy so I ate outside. What kind of operation is this!? who runs this place!?who's the owner!!?? True, honest review this place just sucks!! Never again
Very clean -all fresh meats and produce. They have a Starbucks right inside the store. I like this storeJust wanted to say every time I go to this store it is in the best shape, one of the cleanest stores I've been in
Tina is AMAZING!! I can't say enough good things about her! Super quick and doesn't lack in quality! My pink and whites are always perfect and my pedis too! The entire staff is friendly and attentive. They provide refreshments and always have something entertaining playing on the TV. Pink Lotus is a quality place!
Here why I am checking into this hair salon franchise: online check-in, friendly service, in and out in under 20 minutes. I know this is a short review, but a haircut, at least for me, is pretty straight forward. With Great Clips it is a consistently good haircut every time!
Order online and track your delivery!  Except it was 20 minutes later than the tracking said they left the store.  Dominos is pretty consistent with their pizza.  We ordered 2 medium 2 topping pizzas $5.99 each and then $9.99 for 14 wings.  Bill came to $26 so I am guessing there was a delivery fee which I failed to check. Pizza #1 - Thin crust, extra bbq sauce, chicken and pineapple.  It was perfect.  I wish I had some right now.Pizza #2 - regular crust, extra Robust tomato sauce with jalepenos and pineapple.  It was pretty good though I preferred the other.Wings - Spicy and "slimy".  I don't know what it is with these places.  Seems I have only had non-slimy wings from our friends at BWW. Hm.  (anyways grilled them up and they were better)All in all this is Dominos-nothing real special -just the usual chain place pizza. Nothin too crazay.... its just a "quick lets order some fast pizza cuz I don't want to cook right now" place.
Dr. Simmonds, Christine and Shayleen are awesome and really professional! They take care of you right away and are willing to work with you. There's an overall good atmosphere! Also, the prices are really reasonable! I definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking to take great care of their teeth!
Three huge buildings and three tents with only about 15% occupancy. Mostly home furnishings. But cool ideas.They have a very long way to go to reach the same status as the Dallas World Market or Denver World Marketplace.
Never staffed enough for the volume of customers served. PATIENCE needed. Everyday is like tax deadline day here
Don't bother if you are over a size 8. However, their seamstress is great.
Very bad service I will never return. The employees need to realize it's us the owing costumer is the reason the have a job
My life is forever transformed! I now live in a world of infinite possibilities!!! I took the personal development  July 10th 2014, I didn't know what was possible when I went, but what I have created for myself with the tools I gained has forever changed my life. I found my purpose in life, and finally feel like I'm really alive!
Stupid lazy gamers. Supposed to open at 10.. Still closed hour later. That's the problem with game stores. The employees are gamers..
Good food must try chicken and broccoli... Also dumplings are on point and fast delivery
Fabulous gym.  Super clean and they provide towels.  Never crowded.  Only prob is that the sun shines into the gym a lot, and it can get pretty hot.  They better get some shades for the summer in Vegas!
Over rated day old bread! Not a good experience but will try again and update my review!
Great smoke shop, they have a great selection and the people are nice and helpful. I've been going here for years and will be going for years more.
I've been to various nail salon's in Vegas and Fantasy is by far the best.  The wait time is minimal and they do an amazing job for a reasonable price!  The only time I had a problem was the last time I got my acrylics done and I noticed what I thought what bubbling and I didn't think anything of it but then noticed it was more so like brown speckled dots all over my nails.  I am not sure if the polish they had was bad or not but other than this I have had no issues!
Belinda was awesome!! Very friendly service and always great food!! 2 meatball subs and 1 Black Forest turkey breast sub, and cookies for dessert!!
Great  and super friendly... I would highly recommend!!!.... They are very clean and the place smells great!!
The best agent and helpful staff. Everytime I stop by they greet me right away and ask how they can be of assistance and offer me a beverage.
Great place to stay they treat you good good food good music only place there I will stay in it's on the strip
My favorite flower store in all of Las Vegas. Faith and her crew go above and beyond to make sure the flowers are fresh, the arrangements are breath-taking and always delivered on time. I will never waste my time going anywhere else. The location is easy to find, tucked away with several other eclectic little shops. Love this place.
Love the yogurt. Be sure to sign up for text offers! They usually offer a good variety of flavor a to choose from.
Staff have no idea what they are doing. Total disaster every time. Expect to be seen 3 hours after your appointment with no explanation. No calls returned by Brenda. Cannot pick up ex needed. Total mess!
Fantastic and fast service. The staff are very friendly at this location. Now that wet live back in this area, this will be out main location. My favorite part at this location during this visit was the fresh cucumbers on the salsa bar. My boys live the carne asada burritos and the bacon and egg breakfast burrito. Personally, I am a #4 all the way, no matter the location, 2 shredded beef tacos with rice and beans...YUMMY!
Can you imagine shopping for 10 mins and waiting 20 mins at checkout?Not the same as Costco which has much more varieties of things.  Always short on staff.
Dr C is amazing can't wait to come in and check out my next step for Invisalign :) from the kind people at the front to the slide show on how they go threw every person that works threw here on what they like and enjoy in life. Lie. Love love the mom and pop shop feel
I have a shihtzu and I like a specific cut. We had the same groomer for most of her life but she retired, after countless bad groomers and horrible experiences I found James! The best groomer and he is so nice! If you get your pet groomed here ask for James !!!
Long lines, not very helpful. Nobody really wants to help you. Most of the Walmart's are busy but this one is just always full and the lines are just to long and nobody tries to open other lanes. Very frustrating
There  wings and Fingers are so  good  they give  plenty of ranch dressing. Almost  every is  a must to try.
This is the first time I received excellent customer service. Stephanie was very helpful. Right when I walked into the door she helped me with all of my questions. This location also has a huge assortment of phones. So if you are in the market to upgrade and want to check out whats out there, just like the Price is Right... COME ON DOWNNNN
Natalie is very knowledgeable. She directs you to the right direction and saves you money. I am very happy with the service. Thank you!
Awesome service love my one of a kind nails.  edc ready. My feet feel amazing recommend the deluxe treatment
Super good! Best boneless wings in town. Freshly made and tasty flavor.
This place is great!  They are always friendly and the food is good.  I like the new expansion, it looks good.  The location is conveniently located.
Great times! Awesome bartenders!!! If you're looking for a local bar and a place to meet great friends, you'll find it here!
Bad service.  Could not understand them and they kept getting my order wrong.  The bagels were for a customer.  They seemed ok.  Would go somewhere else first
It's 8:30 am, and the store is not even open. Hours of operation are from 8:00. Thanks UPS!
Only place I go to get larger size sneakers. Prices are reasonable as nd there's easy access. Not to mention a couple places to eat, drink and grocery shop
Fave High Rise in Vegas! Chic, modern and conveniently located behind City Center. Extremely nice concierge. Accessible to everywhere and anywhere on the strip.
I always buy my bandaid fix parts here. Staff is very friendly What else is there to sayWhat else is there to sayWhat else is there to sayWhat else is there to sayWhat else is there to sayWhat else is there to sayWhat else is there to sayWhat else is there to sayWhat else is there to say
Love this place, been coming here for years and wouldn't go anywhere else! Very nice guy!!! :)
Great people. Great service. No need for appointments. My nails last forever after I get them done here.
This location exclusively has 8pm-4am midnight snack of 6 piece nugget + small fries for $1.99! This location is inside the Walmart at Arroyo Crossing. It is probably very convenient and I always fall for the fact that it is in Walmart when I shop here. The staff are very nice and quick about taking the customer's orders and food are always pretty quick. There usually is a line of 1-2 when I visit but that could probably just be the time I get there.I never had any 'problems' with the food that they 'served' me.I think the unique thing was the midnight snack advertisement they have. If you are here between 8PM - 4AM, they have a special of 6 piece chicken nugget + a small fry for 1.99 which is something I never seen advertised at other McDonald places.
The standard 5 laps just isn't enough... I must admit that at first, I was pretty intimidated by the fact that I would be driving a car on a raceway without any prior knowledge.  However, they actually didn't let us run loose on the course.  First off, thank goodness for the signs.  Yet, I still got lost driving around in the Las Vegas Speedway area.  I'm also glad that they had sent me some instructions/directions in my confirmation email, though.The check-in was pretty efficient and in a short time, I was shuttled into another room for a briefing--they outlined the course, the significance of the different pylons/cones, accelerating, turning, and the passing/entry/exit procedures.  Afterwards, we were taken into the area where we actually went and drove out on the track in a Porsche Cayenne.  Those two laps were actually the scariest part of the experience, in my opinion.  The driver was pretty experienced, but I was a bit nervous going around the different turns and all.When we finished with that, we made our way into the area where we checked in and got our hair nets and helmets and met our instructors.  My guy was pretty attentive and even snapped a few personal pics for me.  He told me how to work the car, made sure I was situated and comfortable enough with the wheel and shifting, and then we were off.  He actually had to tell me to accelerate quite a few times, since my nervousness was pretty apparent.  He took the wheeI a couple of times, but only when I had to move to the side to let someone pass.  I even passed a few people, so it was a well-rounded experience, and I must say that I enjoyed myself the first time around.  There was also a pro driver on hand to take us around for laps in a different Porsche, too.  Even though it looked like fun and by judging from the passenger expressions, even terrifying, I just wanted to drive my own car.  They had a wide variety of cars available, and one of the guys mentioned that they would possibly have a McLaren available in about 6 months or so.  To be honest, the briefing seemed like the longest part of the experience.  Everything after was pretty quick.  Luckily, I didn't need to be transported anywhere  else, since I drove there, and didn't need to look into a limo or shuttle service.  I also wasn't hungry, so I didn't take advantage of the vending area/food truck.  I definitely didn't take pics or get a video, since I'm pretty sure that I'll be coming back again.  I'm also glad that the staff was on hand to make my experience an enjoyable one, since I was pretty lost when I got there.I think that they created a monster and I can't wait to return and try out a different car, now that I know what to expect.  All in all, not bad for an amateur.
This place is the best place to find costumes and novelties love This Place especially that they are open most of the year big selection and fun staff
Very close by and its convenient the 24 hrs pharmacy is great. I go here at 3am in morning before coming to work its convenient
Gyro and Feta Fries are unbelievable!!  One of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  The hummus as good and the place is never that busy.
By Far the Largest Halloween Store in Las Vegas. This Place keeps getting Bigger and Bigger. Not just a Junk Halloween store they have some expensive stuff that is quality too!#yearround -15% discount for tao group employees!
Don't go !! Terrible service and cutting skills! I told the lady one side of my hair was longer then the other. She's says honey everyone has that problem?!? As soon as I left people kept asking if one side is supposed to be longer?!? They make you wait while they take their time. Don't even greet or say thanks after I gave them a tip. I would never go back.
Horrible service . Only two tellers working at 1 pm and a line of 10 people . Having to wait 30Min for service is ridiculous
Roaches! Walked in two dead ones on the floor...walked out.  Can't believe this place has 4stars
Best dam bug guy I ever met, had roach and ant takeover decided to contact professional. After being educated on the life cycles and habits of these insects, I signed up service. Money well spent thanks John
I was always told how good the fish tacos at Rubio's were. One day I decided to actually try some and didn't regret it. Can't go wrong with $1.50 fish tacos on Tuesday. Quick service and great tacos
Try the amber! Very good and reasonably priced for Vegas at $6.00 a pint. There's only about ten stools around the bar. They will pour you a to go cup too.
Hands down the BEST Oakley store in Las Vegas. Very friendly and knowledgable staff. I highly recommend.
This place is dog friendly! With the new construction it's very hard to find.Surprised! (pleasantly) Even though this place was hard as heck to find we were pretty to have found it. It was clean and standard like most BWs and the room was spacious and smoke free. In the morning we had continental breakfast and that's always nice. The price was right and for a few minutes off the strip the deal was not bad at all. I would definitely stay here again. Here is a tip: they give really great military discounts at this BW in particular.
They gave me the wrong order! The smoothie tastes too sweet..the pasta  salad has too much mayo. This wrap is tasteless and taste like everything was canned.
Love this place..food always good!  Very generous on ingredients and fresh.  Place is clean.  Owner mgr is great
They got the best chips and salsa.  Might not be the healthiest, but it's worth it.  The atmosphere in there is pleasant.  Music is always playing and I catch my self dancing in public.   The produce section is one of the best in town in my opinion.  It is simple and the workers go through it all the time to take the bad ones out.  Fresh ones are always on top.My only complaint is the lines.  I have never not had to stand in a line.  I wish I could say it because all the registers are not open, but they usually have them all open and there is still a line.  That is a sign of a good business.
Hidden little Starbucks inside Target. Always accurate with the special drink modifications I request. Small but busy. No seating but it's aside their target refreshment area where u can find ample seating.
I like this office they are so  nice and  no long wait plus open on Saturday.  I had an emergency where my wisdom tooth and jaw was throbbing.  I called several offices close to my home with no luck because I have medicaid.  I called Park Dental and explained my emergency.  I was told to come in and Dr. Ronrico Mangapit would see me in between patients.  The receptionist  was very nice and compassionate to my discomfort.  I filled out the paperwork and in about 10 minutes I was getting my x-rays.  Not more than 10 minutes after that the doctor came in to discuss my problem.  He was very nice and let me explain my problem plus give him dental history.  I appreciated the fact that he didn't try to sale/scare me on getting other services done like some offices.  He explained what he saw and told me what steps he needed to take to resolve my pain.  Because of that I will let him do my teeth cleaning which is only $49.  He also give me a card stating what procedures are free under Medicaid in English and Spanish .  The office was clean and cozy.  They have a TV in the room and in the waiting area.  This has been one of the most pleasant dental visits.  I would recommend this office to anyone.  It is a few blocks down from the bus stop in a pretty quiet and clean neighborhood.  It is located about 5 blocks north of Charleston.  The doctor is a gentle man, there was no discomfort during the examination.  I will definitely go back to this office.  Also it is not a very large office like some but it has a homey atmosphere.  I am glad I found this office. I will take pictures on my next  visit.
Not a complaint from me. I just wish GameStop wasn't a bunch of Jews with trade ins. I mean a 60 dollar game that gets re sold is 54 dollars but they will offer you 15 - 20 bucks? Wtf!? Its one week old? I should start selling my games in front of GameStop for that.
I completely loved this place!! Amazing job and not painful at all! The staff were very friendly and the lady that did my eyes brow did exactly what I wanted not too thin nor too thick! And I like the privacy as well that they have a back room and I don't have 100 people staring lol! Love this place!! My eyes brows look amazing!!
The staff was very friendly I read the reviews before going and wasn't sure but once I got there I felt comfortable and they  seem like they cared I was in pain
Great food. Great staff. Best local place in Henderson.They have fabulous dinner specials. Full menu 24/7
This is MY bar! I just love this place and miss it when I leave town. The food is excellent and the people are awesome! Anything with steak in it is like crack.
The Shiitake chicken is pretty good. Will order again. The location has good service.
Have always got fast, tasty and quality service from this location. The drive thru moves quickly and food has always been tasty.  Customer service is great and the orders are filled error free.  One of this chains best locations.
nuce atmosphere! the team was very friendly but the check out process was very long. other than that it was a fun experience
Very friendly staff. Awesome service. Treatment is great and knowledgeable. Definitely a place who can help you heal.
Love shopping here always a friendly customer service  and fresh veggies and fruits, and very good deals on ur daily house needs
Worst place to eat pupusas in las Vegas can't believe how bad their food is.. they are very cheap with the amount of filling they put in their pupusas
Horrible service.  Not friendly at all and food was really bad.They even wanted to charge me for extra forks. I don't not recommend this place.
Super fresh. Very good can't go wrong. Make sure and order a prepared beer ! And the shrimp cocktail is also good. No farm raised shrimp here like some other bunk places. As soon as you walk in it smells like the ocean always a good sign of how fresh the place is.
The nail lady hurt me. Twice.  She cut 2 nail too close.  I had much better experience the first time. Don't think I'll come again.  Omg while writing this review she just cut me.
Great place to come for lunch with friends. The salads are large enough for two people and they don't mind splitting them if you ask. Get the tropical unsweetened iced tea instead of the regular!!PROS:Tropical Iced TeaGreek SaladBaba GanoushParmesan Crusted ArtichokesHummusFig, caramelized onions & gorgonzola flatbread (Amazing!)Strawberry & watermelon saladProsciutto & artichoke pizzaCONS:Chicken Lettuce Cups - to much sauce and too much of a smokey flavor for my taste.Tapas - priced on the high side.
Great products for great prices! Thanks Nina for the great service. Will come back here asap!
I was referred here by a friend and I got my septum piercing done by Brandi months ago and it healed wonderfully :^) The process didn't take long and she was very professional. I'm coming back to do another piercing soon!!
Super nice staff. I highly recommend. Also I got carded when I took my daughter so they get extra points for that! :-)
This flight was late, as seems to often be the case with Jet Blue. The TVs are nice, when they work.
Convenient and close to home! Great customer service. Receive a discount for writing a review...awesome! Great price and great stylists
Busy but great nail salon. Lucy was super amazing!
Great work and even better customer service! Love that this place closes at 11 but I love that the owner is so nice and personable!..not like going to polished where they make you feel like they are doing you a favor!
Anne marie is the awesomest of the most awesome peeps at Timbers....woot. she is friendly and you can tell she enjoys her job.  Timbers is a place to go if you want to feel like you are going to a place where everyone knows you.  Food is great, its clean, and its a safe place.
Excellent job! The staff was friendly and helped with the tint that matches my car. If you want the best tint, I would highly recommend this.
Always had good chicken and good service and the store was very clean. Normally eat at Popeyes once or twice a month and normally never had any problems with any location.
Amazing family owned business. Friendly and extremely helpful. We have used them for both our Ford and Acura and have always been pleased. Highly recommended!!!Competitve prices and military discount offered.
Worse apartment ever. Not recommended. Giving 1 star because I have too otherwise 0. Staff is useless, don't know anything. Bugs everywhere in and out side, we already call twice about. The apartment stinks a cigarette.
Just moved to Vegas and I am obsessed with getting my nails, so when I pick a spot it's got to be the perfect atmosphere and feels very homie. My new spot. Sunny is the best!!! Highly recommend..
This place sucks.  I had a great experience when I got my car.  However once i moved to Georgia two months after i bought my car the 500.00 maintenance agreement I bought, in which I specified that I'd need to use in another state, wasn't good in GA.  Simple fix right?!!! No... I have been jerked around from the receptionist, sales manger, finance manger, etc. (Sam and Nick).  The last guy I spoke with who works there agreed that they were jerking me around and that he'd fix it. He hasn't called.  They say they value your business and if your not satisfied to speak to the general manger.  I still haven't been able to speak to the gm after multiple attempts.  I am escalating this to Nissan Corporate and calling back for the 6th time this coming Monday.   I will come back to Yelp and every other review website to let you know the status.
Wooo! Woot! save ur money :) The staff at BOA are always happy to see you! No matter what the reason that you stop in. They have a app that can help you also. I love BOA!
Christine did my hair.... she's a hottie....  it was the best haircut ive ever had.  Love that everyone there so down to earth,  no snobs.  Will the owner I think always follows up,  everytime,  to make sure everything is good.  All around great experience everytime I go in there....make an appointment with Christine,  get the mint scalp treatment!! 5 stars all the way!!!
Service was excellent and the food was even better! Awesome Short Rib Tamales!
Great food! So much flavor!! Very romantic with a Latin chic feel. Not a good place to bring kiddos so leave them at home.
closed... So sad! Hope you all reopen soon!..................................................................
Pure evil scumbags charged 350 to tow car 20 minutes, they are criminals and state should shut them down!
Since this place is conveniently located near me, it's an easy place to take my car to get clean.  The girls at the counter are usually pretty pleasant.  They issued me a punch card so after my 10 visits, I get one free!  Love it! I was never really sure of the proper procedure but I would go in to pay first.  Then I just drive my car to the 'starting line'.  The gentlemen usually working there are very gracious and quick about coming over to greet me.  From there it's about a 5-10 minute wait for completion.  There are plenty of seats to wait either inside or out to watch the finishing touches.  After it goes through the wash, they thoroughly dry it off and dust the entire inside.  Every time my car is perfect again with not a speck of dirt or water spot.  They have done an amazing job with every visit and I am a happy girl.  My tip ~ Early bird discount on car washes done between 7 - 9 am.  $2 off
Nice store i will be back for more gifts and to make my family happy with a nice gifts
Kameron the store manager was so rude. I called the store and he hung up on me. Do not go to him for help with your phone. He's also a rip off.
Coffee was on par with other coffee bean locations, but the place is small and there were some kids getting busy in the entry for way too long. There's a Dunkin Donuts next door. I'll probably go there in the future.
The best vegas has to offer!! Hot Pilates, Vinyasa , Bikram - excellent instructors, great management, clean facilities. Been coming for 6 years. Consistently great.  I recommend trying it out.
I'm here twice a week with my kids. Best Port of Subs I've ever been in. They always know my order and the staff addresses us by name. So great.
One can now pay with credit card!  Hooray!My shoulders and back were screaming at me to DO SOMETHING, so I checked out yelp for a few massage rec's.  This school earned some glowing reviews, so I decided to try it out.  There was a lot of availability, unlike other massage salon/spas, where you had to pull out your calendar and book a date that is weeks into the future.The actual school is tricky to find; it is in the same building as the Patty's Closet and is across from the IHOP.  When I checked in, I was handed a questionnaire to fill out and was told to have a seat.  A few minutes later, my student massage therapist walked out, greeted me, and led me to her massage room.  The room was definitely more "function" than "fashion," but I quickly forgot about the lack of aesthetics as soon as my massage started.  My therapist-in-training was attentive and considerate, occasionally asking me if the pressure was to my liking.  She wasn't the most talkative therapist I've had, but that was all right, as I was pretty tired and not wanting to chat a lot myself.  :)  After my lovely massage -- which worked out a number of kinks in my right shoulder! -- I filled out a very brief evaluation form (remember, the therapists are still students!).  I will most definitely come back again!  I paid $30 (before tip) for a 50 minute massage.  For $45, you get an 80 minute massage.  What a deal!
Awesome place and so many goodies for the dogs!  They have everything you need to wash your dog, including dog perfume or cologne to top the wash off. Their grooming staff is great too!
Awesome company great workmanship, they have done work for me in my business and personally. I would recommend to anyone.
See Anthony! He is the best! Great customer service! He will always get you in to the right bed quick! Members get half off on upgrades every Sunday!
Bacon breakfast burrito! Typical robertos but they have a great selection of Mexican beverages..always an option
Horrible, got the most painful fill of my life!! Super glue under nails, sore around cuticles
Torta ahogada=your mouth will be on fire. no joke!fast service (we ordered to go.) this place is a hole in the wall but it does not disappoint (so glad i started yelping and came across this a while back ago! ) I wish the tortas were a little bigger... they're not big enough to share if you're really hungry. overall, we're addicted to the spicy sauce and can't wait to go back!
Best Torta Ahogada in Vegas!!  My friends are from Guadalajara, so they told me I had to try this place.  Suffice to say, I was not disappointed.  I just let my friends order and I just feasted.  There was a potato taco that they topped with carnitas... phenomenal.  Possibly my favorite item.  The Torta Ahogada reminded me of a Mexican French dip sandwich.  Loads of meat drenched in a delicious red sauce.  I only wish I had a bowl of sauce so I could drown my entire sandwich in it.  The bread held up well to the generous helping of sauce on the plate.  Absorded all that goodness while maintaining its form.  So glad my bread didn't disintegrate.  And the best part of the meal, the bill.  Cheaper than Roberto's and much better!!!
Still the best place in Henderson for pizza!Jodi your awesome!Sometimes I like to make pizza or Stromboli's at home and I buy my pizza dough here!
It's clean n very comfortable and friendly as well. My son takes swimming classes here. And they also have preschool which my son will b starting in August. This place is all around convenient for me.
Clean and friendly shop. Highly recommend! They always fit my daughter and I in as soon as possible. They also do waxing and lashes.
Awesome Customer Service and Website at www.hawaiianfoodonline.com Huge selection of online hawaiian favorites with quick shipping.
Vic & Blue are the best!!!Vic & Blue are the best!!! Great costumer service, and amazing personalities. Never fails they know my order whenever I walk in.
Cin a bitz. ...do yummy!So is the Pepperoni pretzels!  The line was long, and I just needed something to eat!I can't remember the service, but what I got was good!
Christy K. 4/9/2013Just moved to Vegas and nervous to find a new salon. Thankfully I found it with just one try! Hands down-best experience and best cut and color I've ever had. That's saying a lot because I was obsessed with my former hair stylist. Chyna was my stylist- absolutely incredible with color!!! She mixed colors to perfection to meet my request. She did such a good job that my husband loved it and asked her to do his hair afterwards. She will definitely being doing both of hair from now on!!
Last resort Chinese delivery. Food is too greasy and overall just lacking in quality.
Delicious! Also very fast delivery! And cheap lunch specials! Friendly staff as well and relatively clean! Although I usually get delivery!
The food is always good and fresh.  This is our go-to Chinese food restaurant.  We like the chicken in hot garlic sauce and the orange chicken.
Have to share My beautiful nails!!! Finally!! Thanks for a great job, I love it. Ladies, this is that best nails salon here in LV, hands down...
Love this place! The color, attention to detail, and personal care are on point! IChose a complicated hand painted detail and they were more than willing to make it happen for me.  I recommend completely!!
LOVE getting my nails done here!!! I always ask for Mike, he's the best with acrylics!
Always have a great time here And they have ice cream pedicures! They have a lot of staff and everyone seems very happy and great help!
Mariah was very friendly and helpful!!! Great advise and guidance. The store was clean and elegant. The entire staff was personable and helping each other. They are efficient. No apple pay acceptance yet.
Good 50 ' s diner great food even late night. Fresh rolls on the Philly cheese steak.  Fries are nice golden brown.  That strawberry milk shake was not to sweet. It was just right.
Great place to get your nails done! Always friendly! Been coming here for awhile. Always do a great job! The deluxe is the best!!
Great and friendly staff! I feel welcome every time I walk in. It gives me a nice small town feel that the manager and cashiers remember me when we come in.
Very quick, very professional & very reasonable!!  We were going to use a larger carpet installer business & boy am I glad we did not. Our job was started & completed in less than 24 hours. So happy for the reference. An awesome family business!!  Thank you!!
This place is awesome! Always friendly and accommodating! Best smoke shop in town! Open pretty late at night too. Keep up the good service, guys!
I live near this shop. The reviews guided me to this establishment. I tried to call before going and much to my disappointment YELP CONTAINS THE wrong number. The correct number is 702-434-9333
Great service.  Excellent customer service.  Would recommend highly. Made it simple to rate 5 stars
Very bad comunication...after a year of nothing from them i called to find out my ticket was never filed and was dissmised.....at that point i wasnt refunded any mony...thanks for taking my money and not doing a thing
Always hooking a playa up, best glass in the 702! Knowledgeable about glass and have a tight display of heady glass and affordable glass, come in a holla for the plug.
Fast friendly reliableFamily owned team. Very professional . Great price for such a big problem. Can't believe we have been living with a broken sliding glass door for so long when it was so inexpensive and fast to fix. Door opens and closes with no effort at all now.
Customer service is LACKING hard on this one! Just Saying. We always order delivery so I know the food is good but going in the restaurant is a whole diffrent thing, they need to step up the front counter service .Its a shame that CUSTOMER SERVICE is SHITTY good food tho or maybe I was just really hungry
thanks mark durmiendo!!!!! at Subaru Las Vegas!!!Great team over there!!!  So thankful for my new Subaru!!!
Great subs, very nice staff and very clean.  Good job guys! Can't go wrong with the Italian or the bobby.
Great place! Hand rolled cigars on the premises are amazing!  Will definitely be back and they are friendly to veterans!
Always a must when we visit Vegas. Be sure to try their in house made cigars.  Great service and a delicious smoke.
Food was delicious and server was attentive. Had the bacon cheeseburger. The burger was cooked perfect, with crispy bacon, fresh tomatoes, onions, and lettuce.
Thank you for the most beautiful evening heather was the best server the food was A little busy but absolutely wonderful service all the way around
Great service and food. Historic old school Vegas style. Lobster bisque, oysters on the half shell and filet was perfect. Timely food service.
Mmmm...anytime for donuts!!! Now there not warm nor soft. Lil disappointed  BUT I still ate my donut glazed holes.
You have to wait forever, I even called my in.  I waited about a an hour and then decided to cancel my order.  Went to another location and called it in on my way and it was ready when I got there ( one off of Lone Mountain).
New renovations. New look. Stop by and check it out.  The apartments are getting renovated and the staff is always available to help.  Stop in seven days a week
Really nice people good boba. Had the milk tea, thai tea and avocado shake. All were pretty good
Never had fresh fruit in boba. It was pretty delicious.  The boba was pretty good also.  The place across the way has buy one get one free lol
Amazing Boba Made WITH Fresh fruit. A must try. I got the pineapple coconut Boba and was very impressed the ladies were friendly also
Drink was perfect. Wish we had this in my town I loved the mango strawberry smoothie with double Boba and rainbow jelly. The cashier was also friendly and got my complicated order correctly. When I return to Vegas I will be visiting this spot again. Thank you!
Like others I agree with the disappointments. Worst place ever! The lady cut a chunk of my toe skin off with a RAZOR (which in the state of Nevada it is illegal to use them) said "oh I thought it was a calus" had the nerve to still charge me full price! Do not come here!!!
Very affordable! $15 for fur coat.Also, in a very decent area...Nice services!Near the most top commercial area.
I have been looking for a good dry cleaner close to my home, and found Green World Cleaners, I decided to give them a try with a down comforter of mine! I was thoroughly impressed, in short....Great service. Great work. Great prices!! I have officially found my go to cleaners! :)
They are still the best Jerry is awesome. The shop is so clean everyone is so professional.
small, but has lots of goodies. :)I will be returning.
Dr Cherrington is a very kind man. His staff is wonderful and the best the best dentist I've had in the 19 years living in Vegas. He only does what's necessary and doesn't make up stuff to sell you more. He's my go to guy.
The two brothers and one sister who own this company are horrible people.. They say one thing to you and do another thing.. Never trust this co-called dealer ship.they over price there used cars.. Be careful if you decide to Purchase a vehicle from this low down dirty shame of a place take it to a reliable mechanic to check out your vehicle they could be selling you a lemon but marketing it as jewel..! Bad,bad service!!!!!  Car country auto sale deserves a negative 5 in star rating..
I don't find this a "scam". Take the online class. It is $24 and you can do it as home. Instead of $35, sitting in a classroom... As soon as you take the "practice exam" on your computer, you can go in and take the real test, and get your card. I was done in 10minutes. See you in a few years............The guy at the desk was nice too...
Needed a new nail salon tried this on and I love it friendly staff and great work. Kevin did my pedi and I got my eyebrows done and thwy look great
Carne Asada Fries. By. The. Pound. I love this place. I will admit the place is small but the food isn't.
Sydney is a life saver... So detailed and really loves what she does. Make sure you make an appointment they are busy. But I switched from polished to La Bella because they truly care about the clients.
This place is amazing! Jo and Jennifer are amazing!!! Great customer service and they are so nice.
Really loved my foot massage with Andy! I will certainly be making this a regular stop when I am visiting my folks in Vegas. I wish I knew of a place an LA that was just this good!
Get ALL of the details on the car wash coupon deal BEFORE you purchase. What you buy is not what they describe when giving you the sales pitch. First thing this morning, we realize that some young punks with nothing better to do have gone around the neighbor hood and egged cars. They got both of ours, so we headed over to Fabulous Freddy's. I have been a customer of the FF Car Wash for years, but have never had a wash at this location. We roll up and the car wash gal tells us they are having a special. Get 12 car washes for the price of eight and today's is free. I pay the $92.00 for my eight washes, and get a coupon book for what I believe is 12 washes. WRONG! The book was for ten washes. Today's was not free, it was one of the 12. That still leaves eleven, right? Wrong again. Apparently the twelfth wash is mailed to you. I guess the problem here is the way it was presented. Kind of misleading. She made sure to push the Christmas angle and say they would make great gifts. Kind of hard to give it for a gift, if you have to wait for it to come in the mail.  The first wash turned out ok. However, when I took the second vehicle, the second wash was not so good. I didn't realize until I got home, there was still an abundant amount of egg on the bumper and back door. UNACCEPTABLE. I have never had a bad experience at Fabulous Freddy's until today. This location did not impress me with their first impression. This experience fell well short of Fabulous. I will visit again, as it takes a lot to get me so worked up I won't return, but I won't soon forget. Previous experiences keep me from leaving a one star rating.
Love getting food from here always fast convenient and so yummy. They have great prices for specials also.
Had my Mercedes worked on! They were awesome to work with and did great work! Thanks guys!
I just moved out here from LA; and decided to try them out...Definitely coming back!  P.S. Everyone was so sweet, and they all know how to keep a good convo going so it's not awkward lol.
My favorite nail salon! Katie does fantastic job on nail designs as well as Ombré! So many gel colors to choose from. Definitely worth it!
Ramona is the worst person here! Very rude she even screamed at me! Doesn't care bout customer! Very racist!!! Also Carolyn she also make faces of customer!
Very clean for a robertos very fast.  Food was amazing I have been to other robertos and they were filthy and slow..
Cleanest,  nicest,  best robertos in town. Food is consistently good. Staff is friendly and helpful.
Got Carne asada fries and the portion was giant!! Definitely sharing size! Only complaint is the sauce cups were prefilled and they were all less than half filled so you needed several.
I love getting my eyebrows waxed here! It is always clean. I feel like for a little bit more I would rather come here and know its clean and sanitary instead of going to your nail salon and paying a little bit less. I love that you make an appointment so you know your not going wait 20 minutes to get your eyebrows waxed. Also everyone here is friendly!
Valet park. The main lot is dirt :(Food was good and atmosphere was excellent.
Food and service were excellent! Went for brunch and were not disappointed. Sat on the patio and the view of camelback mountain were spectacular
WOW. I LOVE THIS PLACE. baby tako, salmon skin & dynamite handrolls, not to mention great service. My new favorite AYCE. Most def. the oyster shooters, even better! Their rolls were delicious. You can only order a "half roll" though on your last order. Weird, but I supposed they want you full faster so you can't eat them out of their business like I almost did, haha. I will definitely frequent this place more often. It's super close to my house anyway ;)
This place is great for a out of towner like myself, it is like Cheers there's no stranger's everyone is welcome to the family of fun....I think I have bben adopted....LOL. Don't forget to give the comedy club a try. The SpeakEasy is only a doorway away.
Rude staff. Food - underwhelming at best.They were out of corn tortillas. I found this out after I had ordered and forgot to specify corn. I went over to correct my order and was told they were out which is why I was not given a choice. Would have liked to know this before I ordered...I asked for them to leave out the tortillas and received the most pathetic looking piece of fish in the world - small and flavorless. My drink was slammed down on my table with no eye contact from the server, and now I am waiting way too long for my bill.Update: they gave me a 10% discount,  still 2 stars though,  but I appreciate the gesture.
Omg, best dinner ever, try the meatballs for an appetizer !!!!! It's unassuming how good it was going to be but we will be BAck next time we are in Vegas. Good value as it was not I the casino. I enjoyed the sangria? Although don't sit overlooking the mall, it's very warm by there. Sit inside the resturaunt
Fresh local milk?? And cheese curds? This place can't be missed!I first saw this place on the news because they carry Danizien farms (that's definitely not how they spell it, but just go with me here) and I knew I had to stop on my way home. The milk is... Clean tasting? It's so good! I had to get a strawberry also... Which is amazing. I will say the price is kind of expensive. I think I spent 10 dollars on milk the first time, and then came back with the bottles for the deposit, and it was still 8 bucks!
Delicious enchiladas! This place is awesome!!! The food quality is so excellent which is hard to find in Vegas in this price point.  Margaritas are super fabulous and the atmosphere is very festive.  A winner!!!
By far the BEST chicken quesadilla and chips I've ever tasted!  Started our trip in Vegas here and ending it here
Accidentally stumbled in and amazing food. Great happy hour!!!! Fun bartender.  It's in the mall strip between Mandalay Bay and Luxor --- can't  wait to go back !!!
Sucked' no flavor - loud and freezing. Service was ok-  will never eat here again.  Sad cause great location- 2 meals and both awful- better guac at American place downstairs-
Pathetic service, smelly restaurant, bland food which is not even half its price. Food was stale and totally different dishes had same curry in them. Microwaved bread.
By far one of the most authentic place in Vegas I have always come here for the chicken tikka masala since it was the best I found out of 13 Indian restaurants that i had tried I also regularly bring friends to the enjoy this authentic Indian cuisine
One of the best authentic Pakistani food in U.S.Recommended: Tandoori Chicken Kabab, Chicken and Goat Karahi, Sindhi Biryani, Gulab Jaman, Chai.
Good strong massage,  didn't have to wait.  Group of 5 , we all satisfied. We tried other places,  but not as good,  I like actual massage,  not a back rub. Seem like all of them are experienced. And did their job well
Nice massage clean environment, and great value, I would recommend this place to my friends
Loved the BBQ aroma & menu. The steak, brisket sandwich & "death by chocolate" dessert were equally great! Service was awesome, too. This was our first trip, but won't be our last. It's a nice place, with a non-chain atmosphere. It was nice to have sports on TV, but not the overwhelming, ear-piercing noise that makes a conversation difficult.
Not many vegetarian options but what they do have is quite yummy!The squash soup, eden salad and antipasto sandwich were all great.
Best haircut I've ever had...and coming from LA I'm so impressed!!!! I have long hair and the woman owner was gentle, gave me perfect layers and I couldn't be happier. I'm going back in a couple days to get highlights for the first time. Amazing salon!!
$2.99 bacon breakfast burritos on Tuesday!!Although I think I prefer the Don Tor Taco on Craig to this Roberto's location, I've never driven the extra couple miles to go to that one so I guess that says something. When it comes to Roberto's, we don't deviate from our usuals very often: carne asada nachos, breakfast burritos, or the beef chimichangas. One thing that I feel I should note; the salsas are consistent, but only to that particular location. Don't expect to get the thick salsas that are served here at a location across town. I knock off a star for the $.50 charge to use to charge card.
Andrea is amazing. She is very friendly and made me feel very relaxed. It was like hanging out with a friend. I'm a bit paranoid when I get my eyebrows done but they came out really nicely. Definitely returning.
Huge subs, super soft bread and meat shaved fresh to order. I got a $5 footlong (looked like a 16") Hickory Smoked Turkey sub which was delicious! My husband got the 16" (looked like a 20") Penney Club loaded with fresh meats and veggies...he devoured it! We love this place!!!
Check in on yelp and get free order of wings! (the honey ones are delish!)I had a restaurant.com certificate. Ambience is nice. Service was a little slow like may others yelpers noted but not terrible. I think the waitress was the only waitress there. There were 4 other tables, 2 were parties of 10+.But the busser brought us water promptly, followed by gorditas with aioli and salsa which were yummy (although I will say I was a tad disappointed that we got gorditas after reading another review in which Plantains were mentioned!). A nice change from the usual chips and salsa.We split the berry something or other salad which was the worst thing we had. I would have been disappointed if it had been my entree. It was mixed greens, sliced grilled chicken, pecans and a berry vinaigrette. The dressing was like any dressing you'd get from a bottle. They were very generous with the pecans though. The salad needed something more though- maybe some actual berries to brighten it up.So by the time we'd eaten gorditas, wings and the less than stellar salad, we were too full for our meals. But we ate some anyway.I had the Ropa Vieja, which I usually LOVE and always get when I go home to South Florida!The ropa vieja is better at Urban 7  than Havana Cafe, though I'm still working my way around to the other cuban places in the valley to see how they are.Ben got the Mambo Cubano, which though not a traditional cuban sandwich, was darn tasty!He had a glass of pinot noir that he loved and I had the strawberry mojito that I could have lived without. Perhaps I should have had a martini instead...
Great friendly knowledgeable. Love this salon. Mikki is the bomb and always very helpful.
Kids eat free on sunday...but you have to dine in.  And you can't use the check in offer if you are using another offer/special....like kids eat free.  I've been here four times and they always have great food.  Shrimp Scampi is great, so is the Crazy Alfredo.  Smokehouse Mac and Cheese is a little too sweet for me; it has BBQ sauce in it.  This time around, I had ordered something with steak and it was way overcooked.  Too chewy.  My cousin got the larger size and it just comes with more pasta and sauce.  I've always been pleased but this time around not so much.
it was OK the bread sticks were good but the sauce was kind of on the funny side it didn't have much flavor to it I was a little disappointed
Decent food, nothing special but great concept and very quick service. I thought the potion size was really large for the price.
Good food, dogs in a restaurant, not so much.called and asked that they ask the dog owner to remove the animal and employees did nothing
Dump. No bagels. Only serves Pepsi. Trash. Theres not much else to say, but yelp requires a lot of text to count as a review, so blah blah blahblah blah blahblah blah blahblah blah blahblah blah blahblah blah blahblah blah blahblah blah blahblah blah blah
My favorite place for cupcakes....I ordered 40 for my 4th birthday party....the owner was so nice and accommodating.... her creations truly made my party desserts look amazing
Great place with huge portions....haven't had a bad thing here yet. Lots of things to choose from and friendly staff. Will always come here when going to casa grande
Best place in town for breakfast.love their  french toast.They are bring life back to what was down town.thank you.
Great local crew/regulars, craft brews, food...and Alicia was awesome!!I recommend it!! :)
Incredible Italian cuisine, reasonably priced considering its on the STRIP. Our server, Saul, was outstanding. Take an outside table so you can people watch.
Unexpected flavors. Wonderful service. I'm not a big fan of Indian food but they definately showed me what a great Indian meal can be. The Naan with garlic and butter was to die for. The meal (veggies in some type of cream cashew sauce) was delightful. The host helped guide me and he was a joy. The dessert was a sampler with some type of mango pudding, a frozen spicy dome (my least favorite), rice pudding and a "donut." I am so glad for the experience. The ambiance was warm, friendly and relaxing. There was outdoor seating and a band was playing. Too loud for my tastes but others might love it.
First Trip here via Groupon.  The whole experience was just great!  the food is fresh and you get A LOT for your money.  I had Pad thai which is my favorite.  I liked the fact you can adjust your heat level.  I am a woose and I had a 2 and it was just perfect for me.  And I had leftovers  YUM!   My hubby had chow mein with beef at a lever zero (he has tummy issues with spice).  He too enjoyed his meal.  We will definatly be back.
Pricey but great food. Probably best to stop here during restaurant week. Not a steakhouse per-say but still has good steaks. Parking is a mess since it's in a busy area. Have had good attentive service every time I went.
Tried and wanted to Love, but just liked. Restaurant is nice albeit a little crowded seating. Back to back chairs at tight tables made it uncomfortable. Service started out quite slow. It took 15 min to get a drink order. Server was very indifferent. The majority of food was well cooked, but do not order the Duck. The half duck is nothing more than two leg quarters. Duck Confit would have been better. Roasted and fried to death, with underdone sides. Will give a second chance sometime. Service needs to improve though!
Awesome service, exquisite food, lovely setting. Jerry was our server and was knowledgeable and attentive.
Just ordered curry shrimp and oxtail stew, I come here all the time. The name of the restaurant changed but not the food. Excellent authentic Caribbean food. Made to order, nothing is frozen. All FRESH!! I love living near this place.
Really a unique neighborhood cafe. Beach decor with lively music. The happy hour specials are worth the trip. Just a fun place with nice friendly wait staff.
Wide selection of beers and World best Bloody Mary. Their BM is so fancy with wing, mini corn,  slider, cheese, olive, salami and celery. Oysters are so fresh. Definitely would come back
Delicious food. Service was a little slow. I got the lobster rolls which were not stingy on the lobster. The fries are amazing.
I love this place!! Ask for Melissa. What a sweet heart!! From the bologna sandwich to the yummy brunch food. I have never had a bad meal or drink at this place.
Worth a repeat visit. Not your everyday Las Vegas dinner. Definitely comfort food  great bar
Lobster rolls and beer... Strip pricing but worth it once in a while. Drool. Yelp thinks I need to write longer reviews... Otherwise it will only post as a tip. Just the tip. Just to see what it'll feel like. Try the lobster roll. Just the tip.
fine for a buffet.it is a whopping five bucks-what did you expect?and really, what do to expect?  it's a stinking pizza buffet!  expect to see a lot of veggie, pepperoni, meaty, cheese only pies.  and they're just fine.  are they the best pizzas ever?  no.  BUT IT IS FIVE BUCKS.  what do you want?!
A wonderful group of people. Best coaches.  And now that their new location is open, the box is even better. A great space, lots of room, running on the green belt.  Plus lockers and showers. Quite a step up.
Great neighborhood bar. Good bar food and good happy hour prices. My girlfriend and I walk there.
Yummy, price is right and the portions are huge.  Drive thru isn't as fast but worth the wait.
All I can say is wow!  These guys are fantastic!!! I couldn't stop dancing all night.
Great Burgers!  Fast service! Staff is always friendly!Located on Stapley between Hwy 60 and Southern; East side of street.
I love love love lennys! The have the best burgers in the valley :) always go for the southwest burger, you will never want another burger from anywhere else :)!!
This place is amazing, best burgers I've had in a while. Also excellent customer service and very friendly. Definitely coming back
So convenient. Right by the guest elevators in Palazzo. There were no in-room coffee, so this place was great.
Wrong info Yelp. This place is definitely open before 10am.Hot drinks are good. So-called "Yogurt Parfait" is awful
Teenagers Stepping up to Fish Combo... oh the days if the simple Cheese Burger and nuggets...\Nice work Kiddo
Great prices on unique antiques! Quite a large selection, 2 floors worth of vintage, retro, antiquities! Prices were great, its easy to spend a while here making sure you didnt miss anything. I'll def have to come back and look for new hidden treasures!
The beef and broccoli is delicious!! The service was okay. I would come back here again
Super slow service, do not come here for food! The people are sluggish, moving super slow at everything. Not to mention the dishes here are expensive, it totally not worth it due to poor service. Come here and you will starve and lose your precious time!
4 star for the slow service at 1 am, but food was good.  Smaller portions though.  Even the drink or in our case water and juice service was slow
Love Lavida !!! Can't wait to return for my massage!The therapist are always the best! Sometimes the therapist that I request is no longer there but leave it up to the girls up front they have matched me up with similar one! That shows me that everyone at Lavida really does care! From the minute I walk into the door to the minutes right before I leave I feel that they really want and appreciate me!! I met the Rn Muschi for the first time today and all I can say is she is so fun and I can't wait to get my BOTOX there! I will call you soon for my new fix other than my massage!
Just finished a 2 hour deep tissue massage with Ben!  It was amazing!   This place never disappoints!  A for sure stop after one of my races!
I've never had a bad massage in 4 years. I love this place!!! Would recommend this place to everyone.
First time here.    Trying the Arizonan.  -  AFTER THE BURGER... Not AMAZING, but the burger was something I am glad I tried.  It was made with care and the food was fresh.  I was not a fan of the wire food trays, but it was a good experience overall.
Man, I think I found my new taco spot. Yeah that's how good it is. I had the asado, pollo, carnitas, and pastor tacos. Very good.
Nice place... horrible sushi.You can sit outside and have a great time in the balmy weather, people watching and relaxing to what would be considered C-minus grade sushi.  I live in San Francisco, so I am a bit spoiled.  Maybe all sushi places in Phoenix are bad. What also got on my nerves was that, unilke most places that give vegan sushi eaters an option (yes, there are many of us out there), this place has almost no selection.  And when I asked if they could make something for me (the vegan), the hostess simply scanned up and down the menu for something accomodating instead of asking the sushi chef.
I would never bring my mother here.  I might bring my grandmother.  My mother loves Japanese food.  So do I.  My grandmother is 92 years old.  Chocolate cake is just okay.
Very good coffee , I love the ice blends!! A bitt over price for coffee , and the line is too long all the time slow service
Just had French doors installed. EJ arrived on time and did a great job. My husband tends to be very fussy and he was very pleased with the work.
Great food & people. Gotta a ride the bull while you are here. The sweet potato fries are yummy but stay away from the sweet potato fries. It comes with marshmallow..Gross!  I love the gin dirty martini..soooooo good!
Music made me physically ill... Supposed to be a country bar ..... No idea why there is a bull in the middle of this rap bar
Horrible service, cold food for the second time. Will never return!My family and I waited for half an hour in what looked to be a non busy restaruant.  The waitress was quick to get our drinks and take our order. After another half an hour we still had yet to receive our dinner. We received our nacho appetizer which was cold.  We requested to speak to the manager. After more waiting the manager arrived without much to say or concern for the restaurants bad service. We paid for our drinks and left.As we left our friend reminded us of the cold meal he received the year prior. We all agreed we will never dine at this Saddle Ranch location again.  This location gives the franchise a bad name!
Great lunch. Good beers, burger was fantastic and the curries were heart warming. The service was typical Montreal, take that as you see fit.
This place is bumpin for brunch.  A good spot in Tempe to watch some football/march madness or just hang out with friends.  The selection of food was delish.  The Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  Everytime I have went it has been busy and packed...We sat outside, its been warmer and our waiter was there to greet us even though he was juggling a couple tables.i suggest you Get the 4oz. Flight of Four craft beers...bam!  Yelp hooked me up with a discount since I checked in here...Sweet As!
Erika was so nice and handled our large rowdy table of 12 like a boss!  The beer list and menu rocked. I'm still salivating over those pork sliders and Mac n cheese.
Mmmm Bloody Mary with my beautiful lovely girl! And good friends of course!Food was excellent! Although i felt like i was at a sunday morning rave with all the hipster kids with shiny neon colored shirts, leather coats, and people wearing sunglasses inside. Our server was awesome   Always refilling our mimosas and Bloody Mary . He looked like Sidney Crosby      Was highly entertained by watchin the guy on roller skates dance around  and highly annoyed by constantly getting bumped into by large people with no manners . Try the French toast!!  And dont plan on getting and rest and relaxation on a sunday morning.
Greatest place in scottsdale. Food is ok for what it is but that's not why you come. Great environment and atmosphere. Bottomless mimosas and great drinks.
Popsicle wings are so good mix and dip those sauces and coat them wings, wash them down with animal fries
Not too often does a bar catch a 5 star from me. This place rocks! Literally .... Highly suggest the bacon/Brussel Sprouts and the sweet potato tots!Beer is all good too!
Great music food and the $15 mimosa special is incredible on weekends! I recommend the grilled cheese, Brussels sprout burger and Mac and cheese!
I like their Cobb Salad! Nice portions and filling.Staff always makes you feel welcome. Been to other locations, but I like this one the best. Great patio seating in quite tree lined area. Great for people watching and shopping afterwards. Pricing is good value.
Shrimp cocktail for breakfast, Good Pancakes, Great Value
Shrimp cocktail no need to say more It has to be the best value you can get in Las VegasAnd the main reason to go to Fremont Street
Breakfast at Du-par's is simple yet stunning. Staff are friendly and helpful. It offers great value for the money. Situated in the Golden Gate Hotel, the oldest in Las Vegas.
Service was bad and food was low quality I would not recommend this place.It should close the doors permanently the food was 100 years old
Hands down the best Chinese food on an ASU campus!  The service is fantastic, and there are great options for people who are not big into meats and fish!
Biscuit maison excellent et thé de très bonne qualité! Ambiance assez hipster et musique d'ambiance "chill".
Totally recommend this landscaping company.. They did a great job. Very reliable and what I really liked is that they had more two guys show up.  They had about six. Thank you for making my yard look good again.
Damn this is good pizza it's the best actually I drive 15 miles just to get it. I wonder if they ship the water in from New York or they must change the pH or something in the water. I don't know I'm really just writing and talking because I don't want this to be a tip I want to be an actual review I have nothing to say just that damn this pizza is good.
Is "ok" but we live too far away for just "ok".  Pizza had nice flavor, crust bit chewy, not crisp in the middle and mushrooms not great.   Full bar but cocktail could be better.  Dessert menu looks great.  Decent neighborhood place that got overhyped by our yelp brethren.
Very friendly staff, good atmosphere  and of course  I love the food.  I always have a good experience  when i come in and the place  is always clean.
(I was here couple months back, just got around to write the review)Two for one drinks....Yum, but the PRICES!!! Really steep. Not very crowded, not at all like most places on the strip, good place to start your night off with a few drinks but again the prices is thing that makes me wanna buy a couple of beers at Walgreen's  first then go in....
The Porky is a great idea if you don't want a hamburger but my favorite is the buffalo soldier it is however pricey for what you get not for everyone in that aspect
So good! Can't wait to find them again!Had the pepper and yaya..Sweet fries were really good... Worth working late just to catch these guys!
They have good chicken.  Lacking delivery options.  Staff is concise and speedy.  Great for an in between classes meal.
Wow. Absolutely delicious. Great salsas.  I have to search and search for good Mexican Food in Northern VA.  Much easier in this area!
A big surprise how good the food was that we got served! The wifey had the mahi mahi tacos and said they were among the best she ever had...and she is critical about her food!!
The atmosphere, the service, and the food was great! Best chips and salsa. Reasonably priced and Worth the walk down to the fashion show mall.
Trying the Turkey Sand rage!  Seven stars for the Turkey Sandwich.  One star for the staff.  I hate writing bad reviews but where on earth are restaurants hiring their staff from lately?  Our waitress was the WORST...inattentive, sloppy in appearance, slow to respond and truly uninterested in her job.
This Vig used to be a BofA hiring center!! What a turn-over wonder!! :)I must mention that I had a bad experience at the Vig Arcadia, and promised not to step foot into that place again. However this location turned my experience with The Vig around, I came her on a Friday night to a co-workers birthday celebration! Those you can't say no to, so I came here thinking I would just sip water through out the night, but no siree. I really enjoyed the vibe, the music and the staff was ever so nice and friendly. Plus the food was delicious, I had some of the cheesy tater tots, YUM!! As well as one of their Hot Vings, wow were those sticky and spicy, but good! Also just half of a Hot Chick sandwich and an Arnold Palmer!! Oh so delicious!!! I was really glad I came and that this place took me by surprise!! The food was great and the staff here was just as good!! Great time with the co-workers and friends!! :)
Service is really good. Hot waitresses. Nachos are good. Hostess are friendly. The place is cool. It's an old bank.
Love this place and the ambience. Great chill music. Amazing food. 5 stars from me! Upscale and spacious
Late night cocktails and good chat!We had some fantastic cocktails here and a great catch up. The inside is a bit dark and can get a bit loud but who cares with martini's and bar bites this good!? I am definitely a fan and have sent many people along. They also do some great tasting events where you can choose the wines on the list - all the details are on the boards.
Great place to walk around, beautiful sites and beautiful landscaping! I love living in this area!
Great Park.We need your help keeping it Clean!! Pick up after yourselves! !!Great parks for the kids and great Place for picnic and also Great place for some cardo runnind/jogging/walking up the mountain path.
Disc Golf Course, Great for running, lots of families and dogs! I love this park!!!Includes a sprinkler/water fun area for kids, 2 playgrounds, 2 baseball courts, full disc golf course with 9-10 holes, half basketball court and picnic areas! When guests are in town, it's a great place to walk around on a nice day :)
Authentic italian in the desert?  That is what I thought before I came to this place, what a delight.  Matteo and his family are great host's and if you want to know what food in italy taste's like, you need to visit Tutti Santi.  The Ravioli is something special and try the wines, have Matteo recommend you one from his old neighborhoods in Italia.
First time eating here. Was really pleased. First place I've eaten where the food actually looks better than the picture
They charge for every little thing. Will not go back to this location. Workers needs some attitude adjustments
Best blackened gorgonzola burger ever great service nice fun atmosphere can't wait to go back
Great food and service, nuff said. I enjoyed the Piedmont omelette and creamy grits that are delicious and slightly different than classic grits. The biscuits are also outstanding.
Always extremely friendly! My girlfriend and I go here every Sunday before church. They have THE best biscuits you'll ever have and they are vegetarian and vegan friendly :)
Gr8 food i would recommend this place to everyone & the experience is awesome!   Every dish I've tried is very tasty & you'll go back for more.
Like Hugh Jackman said, the best meat pies hands down amazing! Loads of flavors to choose from including a couple of veg options take home heat yourself options and the BEST sausage rolls you will ever eat! Amazing desserts you won't find these anywhere else in montreal probably Canada for that matter. Do yourself a favor give Ta a try they also have a food truck at the Olympic stadium first Friday's event during the summer
The staff is so friendly and the food is fresh and tasty. The food is very tasty and always fresh. It's very refreshing for a fast food chain. Did I mention that it's very clean at the Chandler store.
Excellant.  We go here for lunch frequently.  Bread is home made, fresh!! Recommend the chicken sandwhich.  The cilantro sauce was awesome.
Pretty good food. Price was right and service was quick. Would definitely recommend. Dining area is spacious. Best part was the chips and salsa which was pretty tasty.
Good booze in a funny little place, kitchen and welcoming - worth a visit some of the food was pretty good, and the drinks very good.
Caytlyn and carry are my favorites! And Devon too! I loved my food and I loved the deals and I plan on coming back next week!
11$ for a spicy tuna roll .... During happy hour ... That's all I have to say ... I can go across the street for 25$ all you can eat
BEST.FOOD.EVER! And the sweet tea is to die for!! My fav! You can be sure your food is always hot, the staff is in point and friendly, and the tea is refreshing! You will not be disappointed.
Cute restaurant. Nice and clean. Great customer service. Great chicken strips. Will be back again when in Nevada
Very simple menu and good chicken fingers. Sometimes simple really is better. I know people don't like that they only have one dipping sauce , but the sauce is really good. We had the decently priced combos which included fries, a drink and a roll.
Go for the pasta but return again (and again and again) for the gelato!  Best salted caramel gelato ever!My dear friend and travel companion had been trying to get me to Scotland for years, but this bonafide Francophile had serious doubts about the ability to obtain non-fried sustenance while in the land of William Wallace.  No, haggis does not count!  Sheep's liver and heart stewed in blood and shoved into the stomach lining of a slaughtered animal is NOT adequate sustenance - unless you're Hannibal Lecter *cue creepy inhalation and pour the Chianti*  I know!  I know!  It's not fried, but it looks like a swollen, hairless testicle and I've never been the sort who enjoyed the sensation of sweaty, swollen, hairless testicles in my mouth.  Not that there's anything wrong with that sort of predilection.  No judgement here.  If you're Scottish or a haggis aficionado, silence the lambs, pour the Chianti, and carry on.Sorry, but I sometimes digress.  Especially when I've forgotten to take my ADD medication - ooo, look at the pretty butterfly...Back to my visit to Vittoria's.  After multiple trips to France and one failed brief sojourn into the borders of Scotland I decided to yield to my friend's suggestion and visit Edinburgh.  Day one -  both of our meals were consumed at Benny's Fish and Chips off High Street.  The fish was light and flaky, the chips were... Wait!  I'm supposed to be reviewing Vittorios, aren't I?  Sorry, another digression.  Where is my ADD medication?By day two, I needed something more than deep fried fish and potatoes swimming in vinegar.  I needed real brain food: pasta and chocolate (Not together.  That would be gross. Wouldn't it?  Hmmm, let me ponder that coupling).I pulled out my iPhone an Yelped restaurants. Vittoria's came up first - higher rating, closest proximity.  I scanned the reviews and...SCORE!  Pasta!The facade was sleek and modern.  The hostess friendly and welcoming.  The atmosphere hip and arty.My friend ordered chicken Parmesan (chicken pounded thin, breaded, and coaxed into a bath of bubbling oil - she's more Scottish than me and likes her food fried, even her Italian food).  She said it was  delicious.  I believe her.I had their special - pasta tossed in a red sauce of vegetables and spices and lovely, odiferous garlic.  It was divine.  I washed it down with a glass of Chianti (feel free to make the creepy Hannibal Lechter inhalation noise) and then took a moment to appreciate the shaft of golden sunlight streaming in through the sparkling front windows.  Sunlight in Edinburgh in the middle of Spring? I took it as a blessing from the Gods of Gastronomy.  (Wahhhhhh.  Cue celestial voices singing).   Obviously the unseen forces of food were pleased with our decision to abandon the fried food and swollen testicles.  And like any beneficent, generous god, Gastronomy just kept giving.  For, after appreciating the shaft of celestial light, my gaze fell upon an even more heavenly site: Vittoria's Gelato Stand (conveniently located beside the pasta bar). As giddy as someone entering the pearly gates, I sauntered (Don't laugh - sauntered is a highly under-appreciated word that should be widely embraced by the English speaking populace.  Think how much more you would respect Kim Kardashian if you heard her utter, "I think I shall saunter to Rodeo Drive and drop several thousand Gs at Versace.")...I sauntered over to the gelato stand and pressed my greedy little face to the glass.  Cherry.  Chocolate. Coconut.  Which flavor to choose?  I opted for Carmelita - creamy vanilla bean flecked gelato swirled with ribbons of caramel and sprinkled with bits of melt-in-your-mouth caramel.  Random awkward confession:  I was a shameless glutton. I visited Vittoria's Gelateria several times over the next few days and consumed an unsightly and embarrassing amount of caramel gelato.  I even skipped breakfast and lunch in favor of a gelato brunch.  There.  I said it.  Judge me if you will.  Call me a glutton.  Call me a sugar addict.  People have said worse things about me, and I'm okay with that because at least nobody can accuse me of seeking orgasmic culinary delight by mouthing hairless testicles.  That's a legacy I can be proud of.
I love the food here I'm never disappointed (: I get delivery and it usually doesn't take that long ^_^
My favorite steak 24h i came here over midnight, but food still yummmy, all stuff friendly and smiley
Very small selection, very high prices, very cold food, very disappointed...I would suggest paying a little bit more and heading down to the strip and visiting one of the main casinos where you will have a better selection and be more satisfied.
Double the toast, minus the slaw. You can't go wrong with Cane's. Their sauce is amazing.
Love the backyard patio. This place screams hipster crowd. I came here last week and it happened to be the time when a Vespa scooter rally was in town. The parking lot was blocked off and the Vespa riders were launching their scooters off of what could only be described by Napoleon Dynamite as some, "Sick jumps"On the back patio there was a band playing reggae tunes, and they were roasting an entire pig luau-style. The bar is extensive, and they even had my favorite gin (Hendrick's) on the top shelf. Yes, indeed! Step inside for the FREE art gallery exhibits. This gallery goes up and down and winds around corners with artistic surprises at every turn. There's even a yoga studio ensconced between one of the galleries. That's cool for you Namaste types, but I prefer hard-hitting cardio.I digress...Check this place out. They always have something interesting going on including an open mic night on Thursdays. The last time I was here they were doing body painting out back.I have yet to try the food, but I'm a huge fan of any type of ethnic fusion. They serve up Latin fusion here. The portions are small and pricey though. I'll update you when I try it!
Vegan menu is awesome! I've had the club sandwich which is huge. Also the vegan mushroom pizza is so good. Oh and the vegan bananas foster was amazing! even tho it's not really banana foster at all .
The worst watered down drinks ever. Bad food. Super expensive. Super lame service. Ugly people. Nice location.
First time great wings and a variety of flavors.I think when going to this place I expected too much. What you get here is simple. Wings, tenders and burgers. Gave an extra star due to the fact they had shoe string fires which always sways my reviews. The wings are larger than your average place like Wing Stop or Buffalo Wild Wings. I will be back to try the various flavors that most places don't have. Felt like the wings I made at home. That's why I gave such few stars. I like to go out and be wowed. Not this time but it is a place worth checking out. You never know you might enjoy it a lot more than I did.
Great happy hour, great sunset view, but bring your ear plugs, the Singer is terribly off key.5 stars when the band improves.
Great view. Good service. Drink was ok... A bit weak but that's the strip for you. The bartender was quick to take our order. It's free to get up to it which is nice and makes the slightly overpriced drinks worth it. You can go up to the top from here.
So far the worst Starbucks the line takes like one hour with 9 guest. Unbelievable the price. disappointed
Great serviceLovely people and with the upmost respect to their customersLove the Chicken Katsu as my main choice there at the restaurant
This place is awesome! Really tasty! The republic ramen is the best! I used to live in Japan and this is the closest thing to real Japanese ramen I have been able to get to the real thing since returning to the states.
It was ok. The pork was very dry and noodles were good. I don't think we'll be going back.
Crap boneless wings (nuggets) were f&@king COLD.. Check your microwave guys. Overpriced...get me home fast please!!!! For being the ONLY place to get a drink and something to eat while waiting for planes...this place is way overpriced and the service sucks. The food is microwaved or cooked nextdoor at the fastfood burger place...Avoid if you can....
Prompt,  polite service.  Great portions.  The salad and bread alone were stellar. Nice ambiance.  Very old world style.  Reasonable prices.  Originally we came here because we were trying to find something close to Ikea. Great chicken parmigan!
Fries are great but everything else is terrible.  I would eat here more often if they improved their burgers even just a little bit.
Very nice! The hash browns and egg benedict are sooo great. I get soooooooo full. And the menu has so many choices that I am looking forward to try.
Excellent variety and choices,  although it is a bit pricey for the quality. The ambience reminds me of a classier version of an University cafeteria. Overall it was a pleasant experience,  my wife LOVE the Benes.
Pumpkin chia tea latte is so good!!! I also love their winter dream tea. Staff is great too.
Matcha Latte was delicious. Lots of seating for a small location. Staff is friendly. Glad to see something other than a Starbucks.
A must try in Las Vegas. Their brunch is the best.  Sunday's have themed parties sometimes and it can get loud, but it's good vibes and high energy.
Great food! Busy for brunch. Dinner items delicious. Great staff. Cocktails are tasty. House made lemonade is awesome.
Amazing fettucine, melt in your mouth noodles, creamy Alfredo sauce, excellent service, definitely recommend a visit, you won't be disappointed! Plus they are current with the times- i.e. wifi, yelp deals, opentable, etc.5 Stars isn't enough to tell you how impressed I was with this restaurant.... I LOVED it. GO THERE NOW!
Beautiful food and great service! Had the surf n turf and husband had the osso buco.  Food was good, service excellent, prices very reasonable,  and the place is beautifully designed and comfortable.  We will definitely go back!  Make a reservation if you go on a weekend.
Pretty dated hotel...$2.00 margarita, will give it a try!No No No!!!  Do not waste your money on the the $2.00 margarita.  It gave me an allergic reaction to my throat.  I started off with Margaritaville margarita and it was great.  When I was done I bought the 2.00 and my throat was getting scratchy and felt like a sore throat.  My nurse friend said it might be the bad tequila as that can tend to happen.  This was the start of the Vegas trip.  I had to start drinking water to relieve the pain and disgusting taste!  ugh :P
Hot damn! They put me in a high roller suite! Free upgrade for the win!Last month I stayed here for the first time while on a business trip. Bally's is one of the older casino hotels in Vegas but has a prime location on the strip, is attached to the Paris, and also is a monorail stop location. Think of it as a no-frills hotel going in and you will be fine, as it does offer some of the most affordable room rates around.The casino floor and rooms are decent but showing it's age. Yeah, it can use a renovation and brought into the modern era. Overall clean, and the casino floor is laid out so it is easy to maneuver. A nice mix of old and new games. Low limits can be found on table games. You still get that feel of the old Las Vegas vibe here. More than enough spots to eat but nothing to rave about. Their Blu Pool is actually quite nice and a great spot to hang out at during the day. They have a terrific gym that is well stocked with free weights and machines. All the staff I came in contact with were fairly nice.The downstairs level houses the shopping area which has a nice little selection of stores, a terrific sports book, and a small food court. You also have to pass through here to get to the monorail. Feels like a mall out of the '80's.Now, I must have said the right thing to the front desk attendant as she hooked me up royally! I was joking around with her about getting the Presidential suite and she actually did put me in a high roller suite! Even funnier is that this was the kind of suite that you could imagine Sinatra and the Rat Pack hanging out in. It was old school cool. It was huge. Full bar, old style tv's and furniture, sunk-in Jacuzzi tub, large step up open bathroom and dual vanity area, floor to ceiling windows with an amazing view at night, and even a bidet! This room must have been the bomb back in the day. Well kept but a little worn round the edges from age and use. I could not believe I was staying here for about $40 a night. Crazy.As with most casinos you have to pay a daily fee for internet access which sucks. Also, it's close to In-N-Out Burger with a few minutes cab ride! Bally's might not have all the bells and whistles of the newer mega-casinos on the strip, but if you're crashing in Vegas on a budget it's a solid choice.
It was great. . The room. . The service. .I really enjoyed myself here. .everyone was attentive. . Only drawback was the amount of people trying to sell you discount tickets with a catch. . Other than that. . Great stay. .
Decent place to stay at. The rooms are spacious. Staff is friendly. Overall its good.
I love the crab Angels :) and the sweet & sour sauce is totally different than what I've tried before
Wendy is the best but she only works Monday's! :DThe shop is clean and they get you in and out quick. They don't charge extra for the spa chair like some shops are doing now & you can pay with credit/debit card. I've also got my eyebrows done here a few times and they've done a great job! Will come here again.
Awesome...... Absolutely $@@&$?$ awesome. In a world full of Nic Cage movies every now and then you need to escape, Bosa Donuts provides that escape for me.
Just had a wonderful time at R&W. Scallops app and RNW salad were delicious. Staff was friendly and acoustic classic R&R music was great. Would come back to this place.
Good food when you need something to eat fast. If they had delivery, I would order from this restaurant more often.
Bleh very bland food. Tried it a couple of different time. Never got better. I would recommend going else where. For this side of town I like Bobo's China. Just saying. You should look them up. Pretty freak in good!
The place is kind of old but the dentist is skillful. The dentist treated my two gravely decayed teeth quickly and I could see the whole process my self thanks to the mirror attached to the operation light . I am wondering why my previous dentist did not discover and treat my decayed teeth. I know some dentist trying to sell you a whole expensive package which could mount up to several grands. Not here though. I like the dentist's sincerity and straight forward character. Just like its name: Family Dentistry.
Nicest staff, Dr.Manning makes it painless, and it's close by! This is the best dentist office in the valley! Plus Dr.Manning will sing to you while he's working on your teeth.
It's so dark in here. I can't see shit. Really though it's like I'm in a cave. I literally need to use a flashlight to navigate. It's a delicious cave though, with delicious food. Don't come here with less than a half-moon.
Very nice hotel and staff.  Close to everything and train is directly behind the hotel for easy travel.  Rooms are very clean.  Only complaint is that there aren't any draws in the room for clothes.  Just 2 small ones under the night stand next to the bed.
So yummy and very friendly!:) and affordable! Strongly recommend and great hours!:) love this place visit at least twice a week!
Bit short handed, but cheaper than the buffet... but you get what you pay for. The only reason it gets two stars vs. one was the food was decent.Food was decent. Shoestring fries were good, "homemade" chili on the chili burger had a sweet flavor, but lacked kick. Sadly, that's where it stopped. A $6 kids veggie platter consisted of some ranch, baby carrots, celery sticks, and some broccoli florets - something we could have done with $2 or so at a local grocery store's produce dept.My wife ordered a French Dip, however there were out of baguettes, so they offered her something else or to prepare on a regular sesame bun. She opted for the latter, but that meant she could no longer easily dip the sandwich in the included au jus. It then took her 10 minutes to get someone's attention for some horseradish sauce to make the sandwich more palatable.As for service, the place was less than half occupied, but it took the hostess 5-10 minutes to seat us. When they finally did, we were stuck in a corner (relative to other tables). Our server was NOT all that busy, but still far less than attentive. We had to get up and get our server's attention more than once when we needed sauce or refills. When we asked for more iced tea, she brought us the pitcher and left it at the table so we could pour our own. She had someone else deliver our check. I had to get her attention just to give my payment, and someone else delivered my card to sign. I'm usually a good tipper, but not this time.
Waiting..........waiting........waiting.........waitingThe Choice of food is excellent but there are some real drawbacks1) Waiting- There are so many ways to let patrons know that they have 20-30 minute wait2) Staff and Service  2 out of 5 - Not attentive / Missed Order3) DARK - There are caves with more light - Why does a buffet need to be so dark
This place sucks! Don't go! There are better placed around!  Unless of course you like paying for something that u have to go home and do again. Then by all means have at it
Amazing "hole-in-the-wall"! Walking by, you'd never know to walk in... until you notice the GIANT (45 minute long) line outside which extends all the way to the end of the block. Unbelievable!!!There are very few tables inside, but many staff who are just whipping around, ensuring that you get fast, attentive, enjoyable service. We thoroughly enjoyed the following items:Yaki Gyoza - they had this very delicate crispy stuff attached to them that tasted like salt and vinegar chips... hard to describe, but sinfully deliciousEdamame - a standard favPork cheek - a tasty dip type of dish, wish Kazuo's famous sauces drizzled around the plate with your meat paste (okay, that might not be the prettiest description, but it was so good)Tuna belly - melt in your mouth tuna, prepared to perfectionMade-in-house Rum & Raisin ice cream - mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, so sweetThere was not a thing that wasn't perfect. This is a place you go to for the experience. Speaking of which, the owner, Kazuo, likes to observe the patrons in the restaurant to make sure they're having a pleasant one. Maybe that's why he keeps his restaurant so small... so that he can see every corner. Bravo Kazuo, you've got a great thing going!
Ate here on Fete de Nationale Day and got the last of the few tables open. Best pork ramen soup I've ever had! My husband had a tofu salad bowl which was good but not amazing. Next time I will try the homemade ice cream!
The salad with raw tuna corn and the crispy noodles is so damn good. Love the staff and everything about this gem
Horrible drive thru took forever customer service was rude would not go back to this location
Tried the entree besides "daily special". It's way better. The corn tastes like its sweetened, but I'm not sure. The food is overall sweeter than other restaurant.
Beautiful park with amazing ambiance! Very clean and very classy. The shops nearby are professional and down to earth. Taking the afternoon to enjoy the ducks and the fountain is magical!
Garlic knots and a small supreme = +$18!?!? The pizza was alright. Would not pay this much for 4 slices again. Garlic knots lacked that kicked in your face garlic flavor with bad breath until tomorrow sensation. Wouldn't order those again either.
Service and atmosphere are OK but food taste really bad! Avoid this place...We ordered the buns and bread was fine but the pork was hard and really not tender. The ramen was actually the worst ramen I ever had. Actually I'm pretty sure the pork was the same cut as the buns. It look like it was pre-cooked frozen pork. The bar is cool, but don't go to the restaurant.
The most unique place I've been in a long time.  This is a place that downtown Phoenix has been longing for!  From the airstream to the boxing ring to the fresh squeezed juices, this place will leave you smiling and satisfied.  We stopped in for brunch on a Friday after a quick Yelp search of the area.  I live for breakfast food, so when I walked in and fell in love with the decor, I was crossing my fingers that the food was equally as impressive.  Oh it was!  I had the asparagus, mushroom, and goat cheese scramble and fresh squeezed orange juice.  Well worth the wait, since we ordered right after a group of marathon runners!The owner, Steve, came by to see how everything was, and we couldn't stop eating long enough to answer without a mouthful :)  He's a great guy and is genuinely interested in your experience.We'll be back to The Duce frequently for brunch...and, of course, to try out their milkshakes, pies, lunch, dinner, farmer's market, gift shop, cocktails, and live entertainment!!!
Great place. So much to do. Great food and drinks. Friendly staff. Food took awhile and they ran out of some items.
Great atmosphere.  Great food!  Great company!We first saw this place on DDD and though it looked interesting. We then found it in the Best of Phoenix and were intrigued. Their dips were great for starters. The meals and desserts we had were good as well. The atmosphere was awesome. While you are waiting for your meal you can enjoy the live DJ, play ping pong or corn hole. They offer karaoke and boxing on specific nights as well.Had a great time!
Give a three star rating. Don't leave your plates behind. The white dude cleaning up will call u fat ass bitch and say your not allowed bk and laugh about you when you leave. I saw him do this to a lady after she left. So keep in mind to keep clean here. Other then that a wonderful place to go low cal and mexican :)
Overall, a nice airport that serves the city of Edinburgh well. EDI has been gradually expanding over the years, and has overtaken Glasgow as the largest airport in Scotland, definitely quite an impressive feat. The range of destinations offered is great, stretching across Europe, North America, and some parts of Africa. Connections to Frankfurt, Amsterdam, London, Paris, and Istanbul make most of the world within reach. There is a nice selection of shops and restaurants in the airport, so spending your money will not be difficult. A recent addition that I like a lot is the availability of complimentary newspapers- saves me spending money on the Telegraph/Water deal at WHSmith.Bear in mind food is expensive, so eat well before arriving at the airport!
Small spa but very cozy! I like.Staying at the Vdara was a treat. Going to the spa was even better. I love spending time, maybe 3 hours, at a spa. I booked an 80 minute Naturopathic Facial. With a service, you get to stay in their spa all day and there are in/outs. Facial was good but I've had better. I think I ended about 5 minutes early. To me, that is valuable spa time! I love their steam room and meditation room. I fell asleep while "meditating". I was truly relaxed. I loved it. They have Aveda products, clean/sanitized combs/hair brushes, flat irons, and curling irons to use. They also have a great selection of tea and 3 variety of nuts and dried fruits. I only wished my 80 minute facial was really 80 minutes.
Closed during hours it says it is opened is a big no-NO in my book. I walked in, guy said it was closed and then he pulled out his guitar and started strumming it.
Employers did not wear gloves to prepare my food, and I got sick after eating thereAnd slow service
If pigging out at casino buffets is wrong, I don't wanna be right. My favorite casino in the area, there is a really good buffet called Wandering Horse, a swanky lil piano bar, and of course, the pool club. Fun for all ages, and great for out of town visitors.  I literally had to pry my parents away from the penny slots- they just love it here. Just a couple of downfalls.  I have recently attempted to come for the breakfast buffet, but to my dismay, it ends at 1030am, and I came right around 10:37, so I was out of luck... TWICE! Grrrrrr.... Also,  the crowd can be a bit iffy sometimes. Other than that, It's all good!
Horrible resort rude staff don't care to help their customers wont be coming there spend my money in another resort who appreciates a good customer
It was fun while it lasted. They no longer do business here. It was a great place to sit down, enjoy some great yogurt, meet with friends and get work done.
Miss Kelee's birthday, shaken ass whoop whoop... if it's your birthday, get some friends together for 3 dollar drinks when RSVP.     I tipped the DJ, had to remind him 2 hours later to play my song :-(
I would put zero star if I could TERRIBLE! Steak tacos had no flavor when I asked for hot salsa the waiter/bartender brought me cholula seriously at a Mexican restaurant you would expect HOT SAUCE! Corona was warm and server brought out warm mug!~ oh and by the way lunch for two w 2 beers was $45.00!
Good music to dance to but too ghetto for my tastes. In addition, after you pay a cover and go in you can't go out and come back in. You have to pay the cover again. That's gotta be one of the stupidest thing I ever heard.
Great dogs!  1/4 pound Nathan's hotdogs and sausages served in unique variations.  They also serve deep fried treats.  This is a must when driving into or out of Phoenix.I had the Juaninator and conquered it.  #158.(forgot to post this from my phone -- we were there 8/30/2012)
Great value, delicious food! This little neighborhood restaurant is family owned and operated and has great service. Although the selection isn't huge, what they do offer is delicious. I live in chandler and today 2/4/13 is my second time coming. Great place to stop by before going to the drive-in theater to catch a movie!
Very good and nice variety, friendly staff and you cannot beat the price. Staff was quick to check us in and the water is free. It was only $16 for two people which you would pay for one of the bigger places for one. A very nice buffet and amazing food.
This ice cream place is in a hot little spot on Brookline blvd. Love the selection of ice cream and fresh waffle cones! Really enjoyed the place!
Everything is great.  A 5 is not hot!! Chef Tipp is the best!
Great food & great wine .. The staff are friendly, and the service is great too.I was there on Wednesday's night, the whole casino wasn't crowded at all.. I got seated & served within 15 minutes..Try their roast pan & pinot grigio wine! This wine got me insane and I went to do a night trip at 12 am .. Went to flagstaff driving on the 87 then 260 .. And got back home on i17 south ...Anyways, when I woke up next day, I was like ****ing wine!!! Lol
It is worth mentioning that the $10 fare must be paid in coins. Other wise it is a fast and convenient way to get from downtown to the airport. Drop off was right outside the arrivals gate. And for comparison a cab from downtown is a flat rate of $45.
Parang noodle is the best.  Mega heat, but even more flavor.  Get it once, you will be a fan for life.
Terrific food! Bountiful! Perhaps the best Chinese food we've eaten in the valley. My wife and I had read previous postings and walked in with great expectations which were not disappointed. With our vegetarian preference, we ordered the fried tofu -- crispy yet delicate with a peanut sauce that satisfied.  The vegetable platter with brown sauce was also satisfying as the vegetables were fresh and delicious.    We plan to return often.
Worst white pie ever! Do not recommend it at ALL! :P I was like where is the spinach....and why does the white pie taste like butter and not garlic...,,
Ok, let's see what the hype is all about!  I had been hearing so much about this place for a long time.  We decided to check it out.  I had to see what all the yelps were saying and what I could gather is that the wait is pretty long to sit down.  I figured that I heard so many good things about the burgers so it was worth the chance of a wait.  You walk into the the narrow restaurant find some big comfy couches in the front.  I thought, great there has to be a wait if they have these couches.  So we put our name and sat down with my 2 year old grabing Las Vegas Weekly and Seven magazines and piling them on the couch.  We didn't really wait that long and were seated pretty fast.  We sat down and now the next hurdle.  What do we order?  I didn't know where to begin. I scanned the menu and the only word that stuck out was "Kimchi."  I had to order the Kimchi burger.  My wife ordered a regular angus burger.  We ordered fries with the variety of fries.  I think we got my daughter a grilled cheese.  when the food came it was awesome.  The burger had many flavors.  Try to go early if have a large group because when we were eating a large group was waiting for some time.  Bachi burger is in its own class.  I recommend! Cheers!
The oxtail chili cheese fries are awesome - had to eat first then take pic!We had seen this place on DD&D and despite sometimes having mixed results when following their recommendations Bachi Burger just looked fantastic.We shared an order of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries as an appetizer & they were fantastic - somehow the fries didn't go soggy when smothered in the chili, the addition of a fried egg and cilantro just added to the depth of flavor from the excellent meat/texas style chili.We then ordered the Kiki and Ronin burgers to share with an order of onion rings.  The burgers were cooked very well (nice and pink in the middle), very juicy and the toppings were fresh.  The buns were good - kind of "sticky" like a steamed bun - but the onion rings were the stand out.  They were like tempura onion rings and I highly recommend them.We also got a side of the pineapple ketchup with was great with the onion rings.I would for sure head back here to try more of the burgers on the menu and also get an order of those chili cheese fries that i wouldn't share!
They take peanut allergies serious here which is great for our family who has many kids with peanut allergies.Everything we had here was made to perfection - the ox tail fries with fried egg on top,  Ronin burger (my personal fav) and the Shogun (foie gras any one?!).  The burger was cooked to perfect medium rare which made it juicy.  I ate everything on my plate and dug into my god daughter's salt/pepper fries with jalepenos.  OMG, my mouth is watering just thinking about our heavenly meal.
Best burger in town. Perfectly cooked through with amazing and interesting flavors. Would highly recommend this place to anyone in town.
The Kalbi burger. YUM. Good sized portion. Kim chee goes well with it.Get here a bit early because the place does get a line. Definitely not on the strip but it is worth the drive though.
Food is good but the service is not . I love their Bahn Mi burger . My son likes the  pork belly in a bun.
I have found THE hamburger place in town!! The ratings and reviews are spot on!
Perfect Shogun burger and sweet potatoes fries!!!! It's a little but crowded at lunch but I don't mind to wait for good food.
Just tried this place and WOW!!! Oxtail chili cheese fries are a must.  Service was friendly and fast.  Little bit of a wait as its a small place and people just keep pouring in the door. Be ready for a 20 min wait.
I come here just for the Caesar salad :)... Umami!!! Grilled sausages, house pickles, calamari w/Thai basil won't hurt.
This place is so good. I highly recommend. Love the fries and the dips they use mmmPlace is has a nice ambience to it and service is great.
Best burger I've had here in Vegas! Some might say it is on the pricey side but you get what you pay for! It was the juiciest burger I've ever sunk my teeth into!
Third time here.  Food great. Service is fucking awful.  Doubt I'll be back. Case in point. Tonight I arrived five minutes before my wife and son. I asked for a table as I wanted to settle down and have a beer. Hostess, even though there was over four tables (four tips) open, would not allow me to sit. She said, "go to the bar."  I don't want to go to the bar, I want to order a beer at a table as my family is right behind. "Well, we don't have enough servers."  Really?  Then who served the table as soon as my wife arrived. Horrible service, and even worse: attitude, from the hostess. Hostess is the front line and if they are not "people persons," you're dead. They are dead!As soon as we sat down, we thought there were pieces of chips, or something, on the table and tried to wipe them away. Wrong! It was chips of paint out of the table. Bad appearance, and in showbiz or restaurant biz, appearance IS EVERYTHING.  Bus boy said everyone is complaining about the appearance and we should let managment know. We didn't see management and with their issues that is quite evident. Maybe THEY are the issue. It gets worse. My son orders a burger with fries and a Coke. My wife orders a veggie burger the pickle plate with a beer. I order soba noodles and foie gras for the appetizer, and a draft beer. Burger comes out, soba and veggie burger.  Five minute later, the fries come out and foie gras. My son had already eaten his burger. My soup sat as I waited.Nothing is organized or detail oriented. We ask for another beer. Ten minutes later it arrives. To their credit, they didn't bill us for the apps as they arrived after dinner.Food quality good. But the service failures are too much and the attitude in a service business is beyond comprehension. This place is simply mismanaged and no attention to detail. I'll find a place with food just as good and better energy and less attitude. NEXT!
Beautiful spot, good wine selection, poor service, and mediocre food.  I don't need to return.
Still amazing. One of the best chains around. I like the steak Howie roll. It's an eat with your hands on the go type of meal.
Awesome food and service!! Thank you Aunty Eunice!!This was an awesome find through Yelp when I visited Vegas in July. If any locals from Hawaii are craving a good taste from the islands... Here it is! My friend lived here for more than a year and missed Korean fried chicken. She loved the taste of it here. Totally bright her back to the Big Island. Really a must try- you walk in and already feel the Aloha!
I'd definitely eat there again and for what we paid, it was the best! We had a party of 6 with 2 children, and we ordered 5 dishes. We ate it all! I just wish there was more side dishes.
Hands down! Bomb korean food! Awesome service! Great prices! And lively environment! Las Vegas is a city filled with lots hole in the walls and this is a "must" try! We will definitely come back for more from their large selection menu. Some infused korean food with a twist but mostly keep it traditional korean food!
Fantastic and traditional place!!Staff is great and good is fantastic. Very traditional, again, but it is fun to try new stuff! Menu is huge - lots of things to try!
Amazing food service and atmosphereFood came out perfect we had the salmonService was first rateThey atmosphere is fun and classy
Lots of unknown wines.  No bottle beer. Limited food items.  Small but closeto club
Wonderful company and great crew! They are the best! Everyone hates moving but they completed the task with a smile from start to finish. I only wish they could help on the unloading end (out of state)! I would highly recommend!!!!!!
Love the chatter of the downtown meet up in here, the place is so chill everyone having meetings and on there laptops and cell phone. Nice place I'll be back as I explore the  revitalization of the Downtown area.
Espresso is on point. and really love the atmosphere.. Such a cool place
Excellent, down to earth coffee in this town of excess and mass produced opulence.My iced latte was delicious,  and there's a ton of cool art on the walls and in the attached gallery. Theres also a burlesque shop and museum in the building,  which was nifty.
Nice little place with good coffee and really nice staff! Old records everywhere and a hipster vibe, there's nothing not to like!
Atmosphere and decor are pretty basic and may fall  short for some, but the food more than makes up for it. Portion sizes are generous and food always satisfies. Great place to go when your tired of the usual.Soda is sold by the can, just FYI.
Our new favorite Asian food in Tempe! The broth is so flavorful and the noodles so fresh. Watch the guy in the window make the noodles :)
Great service! Knowledgeable and efficient. Will definitely recommend and use again! They notified me of any things I might need to keep an eye on in the future. I feel safe knowing professionals, like Home Shield Inspections, inspected my home.
Loved it! Spent my birthday here with Fsmiky. Music and food was superb! My new favorite place in Vegas!
The most fun dinner I have ever had everything was so amazing they have a DJ every night the bartenders were busy but they still were able to get to me and give me exceptional service it was crazy fun
That's a good experience at STK steakhouse. The steak here is really great! My lucky husband had a steak. I ordered me a beet salad which is great! The lamp I had is good but better to choose steak!
Incredible atmosphere....incredibly average steak.  A very busy and up beat atmosphere that brings clubbing and dining together.  The customer service is unmatched with outstanding wait and bar service. However the quality of steak doesn't equal the atmosphere or service.
Great coffee but AMAZING scones!!!   Seriously... Life changing scones!Having been back in the United States for about 2 months now... I still think about this place.
Another terrific mani. Ready for my Ireland trip. Thank you Ken and company. Heading to Kens to enjoy a luxurious pedicure. The technicians are so kind and the massage chairs are soothing. I recommend Kens.
Fast and friendly first thing in the morning! Opened early for me one morning! Food is always fresh, and you never have to wait for than a couple of minutes to get your order. They have a drive thru as well for those in a rush!
Love their flavors and their community involvement. They also always have the nicest staff working and are always willing to offer you a nibble  decide if it's the flavor you want. We are lucky to have them in our community.
"Call-A-Cab" they said ! & I agreed. Daiquiri's are awesome. Nothing special about the food, but the service was great as well.
It's about time Edinburgh had Mexican worth eating. On a tip from a friend, my wife, baby and I trekked down Leith walk to Los Cardos. Momma was probably too hungry by the time we got here, and I already had a broken toe causing me to limp. But, it was worth it. We're SoCal natives living in Toronto... you know what Toronto doesn't have? A lot of Mexican options... and I don't know if I've seen a burrito worth being a burrito there. Sure, Mexican inspired wraps, which are tasty, but not if you bite into them thinking it's a burrito. And Edinburgh? I once had a burrito which was like a pot roast in a tortilla (store bought tortilla at that). So... WOW, this was one of the most satisfying and tasty burritos I've had in a long while AND it is in Edinburgh. Maybe I'm inflating the star rating due to the inverse relationship of quality to distance from Mexico or from California or Texas (both places where I've lived most of my life, so I feel i have some sense of burritos)... but, if you're not as burrito-starved as me, maybe it's a 4 or 4.5. Fine, you can have that. I'm just happy to eat a great burrito.
Delicious, not heavy or greasy, perfect spice, great service! We had it for take out and will definitely return, yumm!
I love this place just ordered the chicken curry,rice and garlic naan. So good! My girl gets the chicken briyani she loves that too!! To-go or eat in it a great place.
Grade A quality food as well as quantity. Always good service. Love the place.Whenever you step in they smile and make you feel welcome. MUST TRY: Spicy fried rice. You pick your level of spicy from 1-10.
Absolutely delish!  The silver noodle soup and shrimp fried rice are excellent! The soup had lots of veggies and the rice has a great flavor. My new favorite lunch spot.
Been 3 times and every time I'm come I order something different and it wows meLove the sea food
Best damn Tea/Smoothie shop period. Great customer service! Love this place! I visit at least ounce a week if I can. Prices are comparable to Starbucks but to me well well worth it!
Service was crappy. Wine was horrible. Food was eh. This is the kind of place you come with your little kids.
Very disappointed with the food quality. Grilled Onions and mushrooms were not cooked. Burger was dripping oil. I cant believe this is being served to people.
Awesome.  Passing through from philly to atlanta. Kids had a blast. Great for families and non families. Lots of interactive things to do.
Amazing crepes in a cute little place! Visiting in Arizona and was craving Nutella, banana and strawberry crepes. Found this place and was so ecstatic it was great! Can't wait to go back for a savory crepe.
Great crepe, just wish they had a longer opening hours. I like the variety of the menu. And love the drinks. It's a cozy environment. Friendly staff and good service. They used to give a discount when you upload the photo of your order in Instagram but I'm not sure if they still have that offer or not. Give a try and you won't be disappointed.
Best Crepes in Arizona by far!  Great spot for breakfast or brunch.  I had a Nutella Crepe with strawberries and it was on par with the best I've had when traveling in Europe.  They have a nice patio and excellent service to top it off.
Blows subway out of the water FASHO! Workers are always very kind and the place is always kept tidy. I order a lot of different toppings and they never get it wrong. huge plus is they will wrap your sand which in lettuce if you wana be a skinny girl and it tastes delish
First time here had the Rueben and was not disappointed. Next time will have it again
Worst, most bland pizza *ever* - we couldn't have been more disappointed.  In a competitive market like this,  find another pizza place ~
Great Hawaiian food, love the malasadas rolled in tons of sugar!!!! Chicken katsu is great.!
Great sandwich and good beer!  I had a grilled panini with jalapeños that I ate more of than I had intended!
Fried pickles, North Brunswick panini, and Slammin' Sammi....say no more.Best place in the Epicenter for sure...not filled with DBags or Dballs...
Not a great selection on the AYCE menu and portions are pretty small. Very good sushi tho. But if you're looking for a true AYCE this is not it. But if you want good sushi. This place is great.
We love their food and all the stuff working there are super nice, but sadly we are never coming back again after the rudeness of the owner today. We didn't even mind the drive and the prices, which are are little high. The owner lady was very mean and disrespectful to us, we are long time customers! Loyal and even recommended a lot of ppl to come.... She has the worst customer service ever!  Good job loosing a regular loyal customer! Only giving them one star because I need to just to post a review...
The food here is excellent. A must try if you are in the mood for Mexican food.The prices are also lower than the competition.
River view room is amazing! Especially cool to have a view of the stadium while the pirates are playing! Be sure to ask for binoculars if they haven't provided them in your room!We, the serious hotel snobs will definitely be staying at Fairmont anytime we're back in Pittsburg.
Excellent hotel and a fantastic location.  The decor is modern and fresh looking.  We had a drink at the bar and the service and drinks were great.  It was our anniversary and when we got back from dinner, there was a bottle of champagne waiting in our room.  First class.
My weakness Carmel frap..I know like who writes a review of Starbucks everyone knows they are great just thought I would point out, they have excellent customer service. Very clean and friendly location for your coffee needs..
Best corned beef sandwiches and cheesecake! Del mar deli is a must if you are anywhere near the south point hotel and casino.
GREAT and FAST! A little chaotic, but delicious and took no time at all to be ready. The sandwich was HUGE and worth the seven bucks easy.
Best corned beef ever!!!!!! My go to deli in town when I want some delicious bagels and corned beef. Small deli that packs a punch. Just look at the desert case and stare away at heaven.
Take your time...it's not Sea World, you will run out of things to see and do if you rush!This is another great venue to visit in the summer, when it is too hot to take the little kids outside.  You will be surprised to find this kind of place in a shopping mall.  There are tons of fish and other sea creatures to see, there is an area where people can actually touch some sea stars, sea urchins and occasionally some other crustaceans.  SEA LIFE has a shark tube, or a glass tube where you can walk through the shark tank, much like the one at Sea World, California, only a little smaller.  There is a play area and a souvenir shop near the end.
A few neat exhibits but overall just a very expensive half hour.  Meh.  They could at least have WiFi!
Service is very bad , food has no taste ,  price is too hi, atmosphere is nice , I won't go back again .
If you watch DD&D, it is as good as Guy says! The clay pot was amazing! Loved the stroganoff fries. The chicken soup had a light soft broth with chunks of chicken, carrots and potatoes. Everything we ordered was a huge hit!!
The food was great and the service excellent! The Eastern European flavors were great. Prices were good too.
Moment I walked in the door I knew it was going to be wicked good! Watermelon salad was refreshing and lite. Stuffed peppers were great! The bread, oil and seasoning were a wonderful touch.
Love the decor, and the food is great. Try the octopus! The waitress spent a lot of time with us describing the menu and cocktails. We live down the street and will probably be back soon.
Ordered carne asada fries but food was not as warm. Drinks were good and service was good as well, but hopefully this was just a random thing.
Worse club ever. Sooooo rude. Promoters lie and door people are unbelievably awful. Drinks were very expensive but had nothing in them. I live in Las Vegas and would never go back.
Our favorite neighborhood sushi bar. The Anthem & Cucumber rolls are best!Great fast & friendly service.
One of my go-to's for sushi in this area of Las Vegas. Megabucks and x-girlfriend are my favorite rolls at this sushi restaurant. Service can vary but has been good the last times I have been.
Consistently delicious and superb service! The waiters were always attentive and the buffet table has vegetarian and meat-based options all of which are delicious! I have eaten at several Indian restaurants in the area and India Oven is my favorite by far! I am sitting in the restaurant booth right now writing this review.
Easy with a lot of kids with different likes as plenty for kids, basic veggies, Mac and cheese, pizza and soup. Also the brownies and ice cream desserts. However for adults, salads are ok but nothing special, pizza is eh and not many healthy options. I haven't been in a few years but I remember better food and more selections.There is no service anymore But the price is cheap if you want an easy option. We were on playdate and was easy but not somewhere I would chose to go on our own.
The food is always great and the staff if very friendly and helpful. The managers always are helping out that is refreshing to see.
I just found my new addiction!! I finally found a place to build my record collection, yay!!
My review is strictly based on the variety of venders, organic farmers & selection. First off all, let me say that Veg Out is amazing!!!!!  This is really the primary reason for my visit every week. I love them!!!!! I stock up on their delicious GLUTEN-FREE, VEGAN dishes.I did notice today a vender there called Urban Hydro Greens.  Which I was stoked about!!  I'm excited to learn more about this concept & this vendor.urbanhydrogreens.comBut I'm quite disappointed otherwise on the selection of ORGANIC PRODUCE!! It's really sad that we don't have more LOCAL Farms & Vendors.
I GOT A PICTURE WITH PHI! What is it!!!Seating: Front rowSooo good!! Super crew also joined themThe beginning was funny and very cute. Music selection was great and they were able to take all types of music from musicals to hiphop and make it one sound with movements!To be honest, I did watch the first season of ABDC, however I never really got into Jabbawockeez until recently. They put on a great show and it was worth flying all the way to Vegas to see them!!! I would do it again, but next time I would like to meet them and learn some dance moves from them!!
It was a amazing. Show... Great for all ages and funny as all heck. It cost around 75$ per person. But if your military you can get the tickets for about 58$. This show is well worth it.
Awesome show!!  Loved it!!  We bought tix for this and Criss Angel as a combo package on a whim.  I'm glad we saw this after Criss Angel because it was so much better.  Very creative and entertaining.
The Internet connection is so slow. I could barely check e-mail. The televisions are inconveniently placed in the family suites. The beds are stiff and the water in the sink and shower smell and tastes severely of bleach. The walls are so thin just having a conversation in normal tones in our room brought a noise complaint. The bar closes way too early although the bartender Valerie was a charming woman, very skilled at mixing drinks. The rides were fun but the stairs to get there were not. At least we avoided sunburns, although it was rainy outside anyways. The games around the hotel look like fun, but too expensive for our tastes. The main gift shop had some decent jewelry. The second gift shop was kind of hidden but had some neat stuff in it. The wave pool was lame. The food was a bit overpriced, but I did take advantage of the omelette bar, just be up really early for it. Probably never coming back because it's all too expensive.
Amazing fun to be had! Magiquest is included in your stay...or you can go and pay to play! The waterpark is fantastic and looks like a ton of fun! I cant wait to return!
The all you can eat lunch is gone!  But the quality of the lunch experience isn't diminished 1 bit.
I love the groves! Great service, great food, and a great location!!!If you want to miss the rush come any time after 8 pm! Love getting the burger, steak, and they have an amazing breakfast menu!Super personable servers and good quality food. It's like a home cooked meal away from home!!
Best deal in Gilbert. The hours are funky for catching early drinks but we'll worth it considering up the street the hip places are charging 5X for the same. Support this very local watering hole. And the food is good too.
Bad service. Food is uninspired. Not a fan. They brought my dinner out first with our appetizer. My dates dinner was brought out 30 minutes later. No explanation as to why. Teenage employees who don't care about customer service basically run this place.
Been going here for years. Prices are getting a little high though. Wings and miso soup are amazing
Great valentine's day spot! Vegan/vegetarian options and super fresh ingredients. My new favorite! The restaurant itself wasn't crowded at all, but there were people at the bar. Super nice for us, since we didn't want to be stuck in a crowded restaurant on February 14. The staff were really sweet and friendly, and they had a decent wine/beer/cocktail list. We ordered the black bean hummus, which was a very generous serving and it tasted freshly made. For entrees, m
Lots of retro sodas to choose from! Nice locally owed burger joint that also serves gyro's, and other sandwiches.  You gotta love a place that cuts their own spuds at least I do.  I had the cheeseburger special for 3.99 nice size patty, fries and a drink with free refills.
Solid food and a large selection of vintage sodas.It was worth the drive :) had a burger and it was very good.
Best burgers in Town period. Fried green chili burger is the bomb. If you check in at yelp. 10% off combo
Awesome! Delicious Bacon cheese burger. Great fries. Clean and friendly. Not a fancy place but I will be taking mom here.
Best chinese in town . Only problem is that I have to wait long to place order. try three cup chicken, fried whole fish, steamed bread with meat. They have too many dishes.  It is better for you to stay with what you like. There is risk to try new dishes
見面不如聞名！it was ok, like other Chinese restaurants in the U.S. Price was good, but I really was focus on the food. Sorry for the one star.
Love crispy tofu here .. cashew tofu is also good for vegetarians .. Visited many times with parties of 10+ people.. Most people loved it
Love crispy tofu here .. cashew tofu is also good for vegetarians .. Visited many times with parties of 10+ people.. Most people loved it
多樣菜色選擇，口味尚可，至少不是每道菜都用醬油炒的又黑又鹹。不收小費，現金5% discount, 茶水自取，蠻多學生族群，外國人也不少。
Amazing food amazing view. Book in advance before you go and the bar closes at 12 midnight
Solid NY style deli.  Reminds me of Katz in Houston.  Wish it was open 24 hours.As for the food, the Rueben was the best I've had and their fries are bomb.Black and white cookies are great and the rye bread even comes seedless.
Always great food.great service top notch place everytime every plate!!! The bakery is the bomb  fresh super tasty and priced right
We thoroughly enjoyed the marshmallow madness and chocolate grananche  brownie.The service was excellent and friendly. Marshmallows were fantastic.
definitely one of a kind. the la patatas is definitely a must try. service was alright, for a Saturday id expect them to be better staffed to be able to handle the influx of chocolate lovers. they definitely need to have one in Toronto.
Awesome place! Delicious sandwiches and friendly people. Cant go wrong. Great prices and specials everyday and super fast. Lightyears ahead of those big chain sandwich shops.
We went around 5pm on a weekday and even though it was not super busy we barely saw our waitress. They burned our pizza and didn't tell us they were remaking it until my husband went to see why it was taking 30 minutes for a thin crust pizza. Manager nor waitress were apologetic. The Mac & Cheese pops are now little triangles, which were pretty good. Remade pizza was burnt also but we just ate around it. They used to have a case full of cupcakes and treats in the shop connected to the bistro, but when we went the case was bare. :( Where did they go?? Do they only have treats on the weekends? Even the store looked sad, like they weren't stocked on stuff. I had been in there when it opened and it seems to have lost it's luster.
Delicious lemon tart, passion fruit, and Nutella cake! This place satisfied my sweet tooth this holiday season :)
Chicken Carbonara on fire!! I loved it, along witht th Grape Soda Cocktail, I cant remember the name, but it reminded me of a grape crush and I freaking loved it. Cant wait to go back.
Must be pretty good if I've come back for a second vehicle to be done. Tint on my Touareg has held up flawlessly and performed as expected. Precision cut and the time to do the job right the first time has brought me back!
Amazing work and my car looks fantastic! Called ahead, made an appointment, two hours in and out. Great job and super friendly staff.
Great customer service, friendly sales reps, and fast and quality workmanship. Will definitely come here again.
Pathetic job..got a manicure done with so many bruises!this place needs to hire people who know their job well. Not worth the money you pay.
Front desk staff likes to help without a smile...  They are the first contact with this establishment.  A little smile would be nice.  They're all young and just plain inexperience.Scheduling staff is very efficient and very helpful, they work with you and give you all the info needed.The doctors and PA's are awesome!  They know what they're talking about and when asked for a clearer, in layman's terms explanation, they take the time to explain what the problem is and how they are planning to resolve the problem.Now if we can only improve on the reception issue... :)
Petit restorant passant inapercu mais qui vaut la peine de faire un arret. Décoration sympa pour un fastfood. Leur sandwich au poulet est très savoureux. J'en mangerais à tous les jours.
"5" across the board. Organic Coffee! Several interesting books to read and relax in upper loft! Delicious food, great service.
Best coffee in summerlin!!!! I live in California but travel to vegas on a regular basis and this place is always on my list.
Still love this place. One of the few authentic coffee shops in Vegas. The menu is pretty extensive, from breakfast to sammie's to decadent desserts.
One of my favorite coffee place  in whole town. Everything from food to design of the place is giving a chance to have a good time along or with friends.
They are no longer at that location n e more.... U can call the location and it just rings and rings... So we decided to go there. N it has a statement on the door that they violated their lien or something and it's completely empty. No More Big Burrito!
Food was pretty good! My pick up order was ready for pick up in 10-15 minutes. They added egg in my fried rice but once I told them I was allergic, they made me a new batch of rice and had me check it before I left. I appreciate them ensuring that My food was how I wanted it beforeI left.
Simply great food.  Service is great and everything was delicious.  We had #10 fried dumplings and the imperial rolls for starters.  General Tao Chicken had a very favorable sauce.  Spicy pork and vegetable soup was excellent but if you want it really spicy just add some of the hot sauce in the container at the table.
The service, food, and drinks are amazing! If you Iike Sangria you will love theirs! It's not too sweet...we also tried the habanero salsa and it was sneaky hot. I live in Ahwatukee and this place is definitely a hidden gem! If you like Mexican food you have to give this place a try!
This is the best place to find a game in Vegas! Hands down!Dealers, great.Bosses, great.Waitresses, great.Game selection, great.Seriously. Worth the walk/time/stay.
Is a beer before noon a bad idea?  Not if it's a Black and Tan or a Stout Float.Visited the new Red Rock location on a Friday for lunch.  Managed to beat the Summerlin Power Lunchers in and got a nice booth off to the side.I like the layout of this place, but was a little annoyed at the fact that if I entered via the Casino they made me walk the entire length of the place to the Street entrance hostess to get a seat.Our waiter was super friendly and very helpful.  So service was a plus.Beer selection was awesome and I will admit the only 2 other times I have been to a Yard house was for the libations and not for food.  Opted for the Stouts since it was before noon.The place would have gotten 4 stars if the food was presented a little better.  We started with the Moo Shu Egg Rolls, Poke Stack, and Spicy Tuna Roll, then shared a Lunch portion Spicy Jambalaya.Moo Shu Egg Rolls were great, nice combination of flavors, crispy and paired great with the sauce.The Poke Stack was far from good quality poke and our stack was more like a landslide about ready to tumble.  Although hardly a poke expert, I've cut my share of fish in my life to know that poke should be bite size pieces of fish, not mangled rough chopped pieces of flesh (have some respect for your fish).The Spicy Tuna Roll is a beautiful bounty of elegance, and tastes good too.  Not your traditional roll but presented in stacked layers which works.The lunch portion of the Jambalaya only had 2 shrimp in it, and if that is their idea of blackened, someone better find their spice peddler because they are getting ripped in believing they are delivering a good creole dish when all they are serving up is some shrimp with tomato sauce over some rice.Overall a good place for some drinks and a good time but I will definitely be trying some other dishes.
Decent place with ok food and drinks, good neighborhood hangout but nothing special. Great beer selection but the TV's are not suitable for watching games, sound was super shirty too.
OMG the Korean Short Rob street tacos are to die for! I'm about to order another,  maybe two more
Great place to drink had a wonderful time with my friend and a lot to choose from anyone that's looking for good drinks
My friend has been trying to get me to try this place for a long time. I wish I would have come here long time ago. Great food at cheap prices. Must try pork belly tacos and bulgogi nachos!
The chow fettucini was so/so. But the flautas were absolutely amazing, I would eat them everyday. The service was good, the restaurant was clean, and it was a nice simple meal.
Great food and flavor and the bulgogi had an awesome taste. The staff was friendly and its great food with a great price. I recommend the bulgogi fries to everyone
Cheapest Mexican breakfast in town!!!  Great food and ok service.  The one on Gibson is the best in my book.
Great Belgium selection!!!  I left a bad review last time based on the individual server I got, and that's not really cool.  This place has a fantastic selection, and a knowledgeable staff.FYI - they always keep Gulden Draak on tap!
They make mulled wine on demand. Just ask. Yes, even after Christmas is over!That sums up how great the service is, and the atmosphere or menu won't leave you disappointed either.
This place looks amazing. How did I not know it existed?Just wish their prices were a bit better, but the range facilities themselves are great.
DON'T go here for lunch! The Gus's is designed for the after club crowd. NOT the local businesses' lunch crowd.  The building doesn't have air conditioning, possibly only swamp coolers. It's too hot & humid.  The don't have fountain drinks or iced tea, only canned sodas & $1.50 small bottled water.  Service is extremely slow. Only two customers in the building and wrap took a lot longer than it should have. Employees are not knowledgeable about the menu, ordering.  Pizza is just ok/not bad (Joe's down the street is better.) No reason to go back.
The best shawarma in townOpen late and  always hit the spot Great serviceThe best pita and HummosMake sure to ask for baklava )It's a killer
Kemo Babayt. Warm Israeli atmosphere friendly service and tasty food.Large menu. Good choices. Near to the strip.
Service is slow as always. The wings were a bit cold. They're probably left out for a while before it was served. They were very stingy with the jerk sauce on the wings and not 100% of the wings were covered with sauce. BWW is a good place to visit. Just don't visit this NASCAR HOF store unless you plan to have a 2 hour lunch.
Incorrect order every single time we give them a try....poor management. Gave them a shot today ordered a total of thirty two wings....12 were supposed to be all flat and extra extra wet. Look for yourself what we received...all flat and extra dry. Gave them a call and manager says," well someone signed for it". You've gotta be kidding me...if the receipt and box shows what I asked for how do you manage to ruin it??????
Huge burgers! Excellent service and the best sweet potato waffle fries :). Get a table overlooking the golf course. You won't be disappointed.
Beer wings sports.... Can't beat itLots of TVs to watch your favorite teams.  The variety of wing sauces is sure to make any wing lover happy.
Food sucks and staff is even worse. I can't believe that people pay to eat there. Their wings are usually dry (not enough sauce), glasses are dirty, silverware is dirty, servers are terrible and why can't they use plates instead of paper??? I don't like the atmosphere and I'm not going back.
Fun atmosphere- great food!!!  Bri is the best server!!!   Can't wait to watch football here!  Very easy going & accommodating!!!
Food wasn't anything to rave over. Service was kinda horrible. I had the spicy tilapia tacos and the went overboard with the sriracha. My girlfriend had the chicken and black bean eggroll, let's just say it should of been called black bean eggroll.  Not sure if I'll be back here. I really had high hopes for this place.
Great service. Great food. Check out local dines for discounts. Will be back maybe for brunch on Sunday. Lots of potential!!!
the theme here is that they rotate the menu to reflect cuisines of different countries the US has conflicts with . for now it is Iranian food.. kookoo e-sabzi is WONDERFUL!!! love Iranian food. sharbat drink is quite good also. prices are reasonable. sitting outside in the park is quite nice on those days when Pittsburgh has good weather (LOL). so yeah, it would be a lot better if they were in San Diego...
Excellent food and service with a great dining experience, sports bar and entertainment
Fast readable prides sandwich.  Opens 24 hours.  Service was fast and efficient.  We had Asian Sandwich Combo $5.99 and Huge Chocolate Chip Cookie.
Always so nice and quick and professional. I recommend this location.Didn't have the size and brand I called about so offered a slight discount on an alternate.2nd time at this store and it's all been good!
My favorite spot for ramen in LV. Just be prepared for a really long wait, even at 10:30p.The Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen is great, along with our favorite side of Pork Belly Fried Rice.
ramen is good，but my favorite is pork belly bowl。they are very delicious。my friend and i was really like it。
I really like their noodles! If you don't like salt, you can ask less salt. Their is a long waiting line here. Everybody likes this Japanese noodle house:)
Had the spicy tonkatsu ramen. Was awesome especially for the price! Best ramen in vegas
Get 2 things!  It's just so good!  I'd almost come to Vegas solely for the ramen here.  Every time we come to visit we rent a car just so we can come off the strip and eat here!  All their ramens are fantastic and a great deal.  The pork is extremely tender and we always get an extra rice bowl with the chiashu pork!The reviews really speak for themselves here.  The only thing that's a problem is that the place is too small.  There's almost always a wait, but no complaints here.
All the reviews are right!  WOW! So good. I had the Miso $7.25 for a bowl of delishesness
Omg I'm so full and my tummy is happy :) I recommend starting with the kimchi fried rice it was very good and came out quickly.. Although our ramen didn't take long at all either.. We did wait to be seated because we got there at prime dinner time.
Very delicious Kyushu Ramen in America!Like I eat in Japan.You can go by ride or 203 RTC
Amazing!  Great Ramen!Great Prices!Great Service!A little on the small side but very comfortable.  Worth leaving the Strip!
Best ramen I've ever had!! Plus awesome fry rice!! They could have sushi and I would be really happy!Very authentic food
Always pack no matter what time of day. It's a good spot great quality broth. I enjoy the food plaza they are in. I always get the spicy miso ramen with an egg and nori with gyoza. Oishii
I will never stay here again!!!!! Very nasty place just filthy!!!!!!!You will leave with the itchy scratches
This Pizza is delicious. Very good I would recommend to everyone. We have ate their 4 times now and the pizza is excellent each time and has us coming back for more
Gonna try the pulled pork, It was probably the best thing on the menu! Although i didn't anything else. Had lunch here with some co-workers. One had the full rack baby back ribs. It looked good, other had the ultimate lunch (it came with a little bit of everything). They said the pulled pork was the best thing. I had the pulled pork. The pork was good. The BBQ sauce was a little weak, wish they had something more spicey. But i would go again just to have the pulled pork sandwich.
Pull pork sandwich with Mac and cheese and potato salad.  All were very tasty!  I tried some of my dad's sampler plate.  The sausage that came with it was delicious and the chicken was moist and flavorful.  I will definitely be coming back to try more off of the menu.
Can't go wrong with the BBQ burrito!  And to really make sure you are in AZ just get the Spicy BBQ sauce to go with it.
Teppinyaki, large servings, great meat and fish...just awesome! The chefs were fun, of course and had the kiddos laughing. The meat was so very tender and seasoned perfectly. We had a full party so the beverage service was a bit slow but expected.
Great food.  Large portions.  Always fresh and amazing pricing!  We usually come for lunch during the week and dinner on weekends and they have always brought the food out quick.  With a busy work schedule and short time for lunch it is a smart choice.
Dominick was extremely rude. Worst service I have ever received at any PTs ever. Took over 15 minutes for him to even acknowledge my group even though the woman he was flirting with across the bar pointed at us because he was so rudely ignoring us. I ordered a Stella and a shot and got a bud light instead. I ended up drinking it because even after walking around the bar multiple times to get his attention he still ignored me. We decided to leave because it was difficult to get a drink even though the bar wasn't busy at all. After trying to get his attention for MY check he slammed down a bill with my group's drinks, walked away, then ignored me for another 15 minutes while we tried to flag him down to split the check. The only decent part of this trip to PTs was the guy who brought me my fries, he was nice. Fuck Dominick, he's a dick.
My favorite nail salon in all of Vegas!!! Summer is the absolute best in town!!! (: I've moved around a lot for the past two years so I've tried many salons. Nothing compares to Pink Nail and Spa!!! I live on the other side of town but the drive is worth it. Also, it's best customer service I've ever received from any nail salon. Love this place and Summer!!
This family owned business was awesome ! Came the same day we called !  I will be referring them to other members of my family.
Great pizza for 2:30am Def ask for extra toppings though.Great atmosphere and if you don't like sucks for you. I did call ahead but apparently no one put my order in so that sucks, especially if you call ahead to avoid waiting!!!
Worst food horrible service we walk in and the host sat us down while she's  chewing on food ok what ever then I ordered the thing everyone was raving about the prime rib, my partner orders a burger so the prime rib was full of nerve ewww! And my partner found the plastic wrap for bread in his burger!!! Nasty we told the server and she did not apologize she takes it back and removes it and brings it back mad at us excuse me! First off tell you're kitchen to not put objects (unsanitary)Worst food horrible service we walk in and the host sat us down while she's  chewing on food ok what ever then I ordered the thing everyone was raving about the prime rib, my partner orders a burger so the prime rib was full of nerve ewww! And my partner found the plastic wrap for bread in his burger!!! Nasty we told the server and she did not apologize she takes it back and removes it and brings it back mad at us excuse me! First off tell you're kitchen to not put objects (unsanitary)
They have great sandwiches and 2 free egg rolls with a yelp check in? Yes please!My only complaint is that the egg rolls were not up to par. They seemed to have a funny after taste and are not the typical Vietnamese egg rolls I'm used to eating.I have been to this restaurant twice. The food overall being good with good portion sizes. Prices are on par and very reasonable.The service was good but I did have to wait a bit for more water.
Singapore Rice Noodles. That is all you need to know. So good!Sort of a hole in the wall place, but the food is worth the drive and visit. You won't regret it!
Understaffed .... very slow service, poor attitudes, will look for other places next time
Not enough shade and there's no water within the dog park. I take my animal friends here, but spend a bit of time refilling water containers and prevention of squirrel massacres.
Wooo ..it's like Disneyland without the food and fun rides. At least, that's what I tell myself to make me feel better whenever I have to come here. Fortunately, I don't drive, so I've never had to really go through too many terrible experiences here. Last time I had to go to the DMV, I needed to exchange my California ID for a Nevada one. I thought the process was going to take hours, but it really ended up only taking a good 45 minutes. The only reason I was so fortunate is because I woke up early to take care of this task. The lady who handled the request was decently nice as well! Thankfully, I haven't had to return since that date. If for some reason fate decides to bring me back, I'll probably stop by this DMV.
Quick Tip: On Saturday they open before their said 8am time. Get here around 7am to avoid long lines. Also, get in the line for information. They will give you your wait #. Do it as soon as you walk in. They are pretty good at moving through ppl at fast enough pace.Overall, its a typical DMV. Come early and expect to wait at least 2-3 hours. Parking will be a hastle, however all the necessary services i.e. clean bathrooms, and vending machines are provided. And information desk is very friendly.
Come here for a reality check on govt run efficiency !Okay, I am being a bit picky.  I don't generally like waiting in line for 1 hour or more for service. You would never do this spending money at a mall or most restaurants. The good news is that I was prepared and ready to hunker down for 2 hours, so when the wait was only slightly over 1 hour, it was totally acceptable.a. Parking - Wow, can you believe it?  You would think people on their best behavior would b a little nicer in this parking lot.  NO!  Here is my real question though. Since the DMV has pretty much invented and perpetuated the long lines, wouldn't they know to design a parking lot to hold more people?b. The Wait - Plenty of seats, vending machines, bathrooms.  Bring your iPad, kindle, book, newspaper and all forms of entertainment as you will have time to relax and enjoy, or you will have time to get anxiety and stare at everyone working in an excitingless manner.c.  The service - Overall very well trained and knowledgeable.  Generally friendly.I came in at 4:45pm and they close the doors at 5:00 pm. Very regimented, very authoritative.  Wish I could run my household the same way!  So, my number was nearly 200 places away, but it went quick and i got done in an hour.Not bad overall, just totally inefficient.  GK says, go online if you can!
They are absolute the WORST I've ever experienced!!! Complete chaos!!! Takes forever for you to get anything done! Staff not friendly at all. Automated system failed! I am not hoping to ever have to go back.
CIAA day party off the chain. Grat venue for a day party. Good DJs and fast and prompt bar service.
Good customer service. Decent food. Price is right. Carne asada tacos were great. Margaritas a little on the sweet side but surely did the trick. I would recommend, especially compares to other restaurants in the area.
Delicious Food, great service... (Carnitas tacos were perfect) I also tried the taco salad which had spectacular guacamole and a nice selection of margaritas to spare
Hidden wine bar just off Charlotte square with a lovely selection of wineI really like this place, it is hidden behind Le Petite Folie in a beautiful building with a glass roof . The selection of wine is great and the staff are very friendly. The wines are in a huge display over the bar and there is also a little balcony area that you can reserve.It seems very popular as an after work drinking place as it is full of businessy types from about 4pm. The food is distinctly average but not bad for the price.  Some reviews say its overpriced but I can't agree - the shared platters of charcuterie and cheese are pretty good, very filling and only marginally dearer that a chain pizza from round the corner. The homemade soup delicious too. I say give it a try!
Pas cher, bonne bouffe, grosse bière...endroit idéal pour les évènements sportifs ou pour passer une soirée tranquile entre amis, POUR PAS CHER!
Fantastic - warning! Poncy word approaching - ambience, even in the typical winter torrential rain. The Paulaner at the top stall is amazingly fresh, and recommended.Of course... it's gone now. Come back next year.
So I've tried about 6 nails shops in Henderson and lasvegas and I  polished!awesome
1 of the best nail salon in las vegas, I always enjoy myself every time I'm at polished. Clean environment is what I look for as well as quality service.
So good, just like family makes in New York! I think my favorite is the Pork with rice, although recently I got the Cuban sandwich I was in heaven, every time I meet someone new I always tell them that they have to go to Millie's. and since my sister in-law came from back east who's cooked this kind of food and now that she in the hospital she keeps sending me in for something new, I try to get something different each time we go there, yes I recommend this place to so many I can't count all I have told.
This place is absolutely amazing!!! Great prices and We really love the authentic food they serve!! The owners are so friendly and super sweet. I've spread the word about Millie's :)
Great food and the owners are amazing! We will definitely be back! The pork was my favorite and lived the cola!
I love this place! Every time I come the food is great and the service is amazing! I'm Cuban and I definitely get the family environment. The food is authentic and it reminds me of my mothers and grandmothers cooking. I plan on coming back over and over again.
Nice place especially during summer to enjoy the inner yard.Cocktails and German classics are part of the menu. Prices are in the average.
Leckeres eis...moderate Preise...Chefin etwas launisch!!! Ist jedoch zu empfehlen!!!:-) :-) :-) :-)
Everything that's fresh, raw & healthy! (It was Real Food Charlotte) Located in Atherton Mills off South Blvd.Be prepared for the RAW in this healthy spot.Their juices are STRONG.Go easy if this is your first visit.I have enjoyed everything I have tried here & always feel light & healthy after a meal here.Not your usual quick meal option.Definitly worth a try to see if it something you will like.
Try the organic smoothies!!! OMG amazing! This is a definite MUST try -- and become a regular of if you live in Charlotte! Please please open one in Arizona!!!!
Food is always amazing! I get upset when my meal is gone, I never want it to end! I've had everything from the lunasagna to the classic burger to the smoothies and drinks... Everything is incredible.
Absolutely amazing! Everytime! Haven't had a dish yet that wasn't just packed with flavor and you forget you are eating healthy. Don't forget dessert - you won't regret it!
Beyond amazing. I want everything on the menu! This is real food. Don't be afraid of salad here--it is actually a meal when made like Luna's does. I always think that's a veggie cop-out at meat-featuring restaurants--but this is great. All the details are perfect from the table-top moss terrarium miniatures to the lighting. It's a place that exudes life, verdantly and deliciously. Well worth the price.
Good customer service, did the job quick and efficient. Was in and out in no time. Would highly recommend this location to anyone
Adult pool day time, party club at night!! What more can I say.Nice pools, waterfalls, lots of hanging out areas, nice bar, usual prices, the bartenders do fancy tricks like in Cocktail, live DJ music. The best part, no kiddies running around splashing you, just a bunch of adults.
Great cup of tea and oatmeal cookie before our flight home . Clean and friendly staff
Service was unacceptably slow today. Don't use mostly new staff at once. Bad idea. I've always liked the food they produce. But holy heck there's no way I'd ever come back here if  it takes this long again. 20 minutes for a burrito? Are you kidding me! And the place is practically empty. Not to mention they're serving people behind me now. Insanely disorganized.
fish cake is very good. it is cheap and nice. It may be a bit difficult to find it. But it is big inside. and the steak is tasty as well. recommend strongly.
Dates and bacon, pretty good. Cute venue, dark ambience. Pretty busy when we went. All the tapas were decent.
Love the sparkling sangria and bacon wrap dates. I also got the scallop escargot it was amazing
This is our go to for all hair accessories! We love this place! Every girls dream for sure! There are so many different colors and designs.
I like this park.  It's always well kept. Love that they added the 1/4 mile marker around the park.
Great Chinese restaurant. Best in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!! Also have cheap lunch special and dinner special after 9pm 7 days a week.
Great services and great fresh seafood! The owner were super nice and friendly to all the patrons, which i don't see often at other Chinese restaurants. The food was really good and fresh, i loaded tons of pics, you can sure tell, highly recommended!
The razor clams in Chinese style sauce is one of the items I enjoyed most. No complaints with the service.
Freundliches Personal. War schnell. Konnte sogar mit NFC Karte zahlen was immer angenehm ist
Im großen Kino machen Filme einfach deutlich mehr Spaß. Mit einer Kinokarte kann man Eintrittskarten am Automat lösen und kommt so auch zu Stoßzeiten um die langen Schlangen an der Kasse herum.
Good food! Huge portion! The price is not so bad either. We ordered summer salad, grilled salmon, and Philly cheesesteak. All pretty good! Haven't tried their fajita, but smells really good! Will try next time!
They gave me great service my car was beautiful thanks Matt!! I'm going to tell everyone I know to go here fast and easy service for a good price. Ron.
Great looking shop, there wasn't enough staff. Or they were too busy talking with customers took ages to get through the check out!Yeah forget this!
So, I came here on an early Saturday and stayed after reading "One of Scotland's best Sunday breakfasts as recommended by Peter Irvine in 'Scotland the Best 2012'". Really, Peter Irvine? Remind me to NOT trust your opinion again please.While the service is top notch and the location is nice and super clean, the food selection leaves you a bit disappointed. I mean sure, being a vegan in Scotland is just STUPID but even so, if I did enjoy meat and cheddar and such, I would have still been underwhelmed by this menu. So toast and jam it was! At least their homemade preserves? Amazing.The manager was willing to make me a hot toddy at 10am and that is definitely worth my respect. Note to everyone: climbing a mountain, in the winter and wind, in a skirt, is not a good idea. At least I can say I tried living it up like my ancestors.
Super bis 22 Uhr einkaufen. Heute bedurfte es noch schnell mal fünf Schnitzel. Gute Qualität, schneller Service und vor allem kurz vor 22 Uhr... das gefällt mir.
Schöne Location... Leider warten wir seit 40min auf unsere Bestellung, wie die meisten hier... Eigentlich müsste man nur zwei Flaschen öffnen... Vom Personal, dass ab und zu mal aus demFenster schaut, werden wir ignoriert...
Very expensive liquor and a horrible wine selection. A bottle of good vodka or cognac is easily $10 or more per bottle.  Before ownership changed the wine selection was OK now it's comparable to 7-11. I hear the food is good however.  Smh
Gutes und günstiges Thai- und Chinaessen. Dazu freundlich mit dem Kunden und auch schnell.
The Carnita's are to die for! Fast food but yummy! Got into town HUNGRY, the first few places were blocked by construction and traffic. Wasn't looking for fast food, we were NOT disappointed by the food! Hit the spot, hot, fast and spot on! Pork was tender and not stringy or too spicy.... But spicy enough!
Der wunderbare Hauptbahnhof! Ideal um die Fernwehlust zu stillen, oder einfach froh zu sein, dass der ICE heute nur 10 min Verspätung hat!Der Bahnhof bietet einen Bücherladen, Kiosk, MC Donalds, Bäckereien.Die Geschäfte haben leider nicht rund um die Uhr auf, somit gestaltet sich das einkaufen teilweise kompliziert. Der Bäcker in der Haupthalle hingegen ist fast immer geöffnet! So kann man hier auch um 4:30 mal einen Kaffee trinken oder ein Brötchen essen!
Food and drinks are fine.  Service is lacking. We waited way beyond normal to be greeted at all. Had trouble getting our order in. Used the bar to get drinks.  Had to bus our own table.  It's an ok place for ambiance.  The owners deserve credit for what they offer aside from the service offered.  Owners, take some care in getting more attentive help.
Good quality Mexican restaurant. Great seafood. We especially like the seafood platter for 2. It is plenty for 3-4 people.
Awesome view, delicious beers, and good food at a reasonable price. Love spending lazy Sunday lunches here - grabbing a bite and enjoying the people & event watching.
Best wings in North Las Vegas, garlic Parmesan and lemon N pepper extra crispy. Fries need some work though. Needs some kind of special seasoning. It was too soggy n plain.
Yummy yummy yummy!! Gonna come back for sure. Soo good. Love there food. Saying review too short. Yummy yummy!!
Love this place.   Taking my boss to lunch I hope he enjoys it too!!  Guacamole is made right at table, and to did for.. Portions are large and it appears that everything is made fresh daily.  I would definitely recommend the margaritas... But not today because I'm with the boss..
Great atmosphere, owners and employees extremely friendly. Great Happy Hour. If you want a really cool contemporary place to hang I suggest Republic Kitchen.
This is the ONLY place I've been to in the area that I experienced NY/NJ tasting Chinese food! Its the best with wonderful service & clean!  The dining in experience is great too- on real plates and they take such care to your stuff to go. They call thank you for dining with them by name. Just a great experience with great tasting food. I highly recommend; it's a little drive from my house but so worth it with huge portions.
Ready to see OZ with wife and son.Update:  Movie was fantastic.I like this theatre, it's way better than the Henderson Sticky shoe which is also called Henderson Cinedome 12.  It's fairly new still, always looks neat and clean for the most part and it's convenient and easy to get too.  Of course, like all movie theatres the food/beverage prices are absolutely crazy.
Great food. Big portions. The service was great. We took 9 people with us and they accommodated us with happy faces and got our food out fast, even with the 5+ take out orders they had going on too.
Just had omg chicken. That is the name for it, and omg it was amazing. It is a grilled chicken breast with a spicy cilantro honey pesto, jalapeño jack cheese over napa cabbage slaw on ciabatta bread
Great meal! Wonderful atmosphere and great service. Thank you! Morrocan Salmon with isreali couscous... Awesome!
Come to this store with a lot of pacience. The staff is friendly but the place is always crowded. I hate going to T-mobile stores. Makes me waste 30-35 min every time I go.
Demander a gouter les parfums avant de composer votre frozen yogurtSitué dans l'aéroport de Charlotte après la sécurité donc parfait pour attendre votre vol, ce pinkberry vous permet de savourer un délicieux dessert glacé.Plusieurs tailles et parfums dispos, on peut bien sûr en choisir plusieurs et ensuite on peut rajouter des fruits, des bonbons, chocolats...On paye selon la taille choisie, je vous conseille d'en prendre une grande pour deux
One of the best gym I ever been. Very good staff and very friendly people .very super clean,
Having some Kona Longboard Beer and some... "zingers" ?? More later....So i have been to Miller's a coupe of time over the years.. never has it been great, and as of late it has gotten so slow on service and quality of everything in there that I just can't bring myself to spend any more money there, ever again.
Great food and friendly service always. This place is good you won't disappointed!..............................
Great hot dog along with good prices makes this place a winner. Great home cut fries. Try the chile cheese dog and fries, comes with drink for around $5.50, yum! This place is really friendly and I like that the cashier always asks how your day is going. I always reply "It's going great now that I am at Jimmy's"
Great chicken souvlaki and Greek pasta. Try it! We walkin in and were plea toy surprised w the excellent Greek food
Super friendly service, owner attention, great pulled pork nachos, local craft brews on tap.It's obvious from the awards on the wall that they are serious about their barbecue. Is this the best barbecue I've ever had? No, that honor belongs to a place I found in Austin TX. But Q to U is very good and you'll be treated like family here.
Fünf Sterne für die Nostalgie. Klar,  keine moderne Arena.  Aber ein Stadion mit Charakter. Sanitäranlagen sind älter,  überdachte Tribünen nicht durchgängig.  Aber der Flair bleibt und das zählt.
Customer service is always great! Thank you for all of your help! Been coming to this store for 2 years and won't go elsewhere.
So good! The staff is very attentive and courteous. They bring you the food to the table, and they clean after you. The burgers are very good, the meat tastes fresh. I can only eat 1.5 burgers. I recommend the Avocado Burger.Tip: Until 3/31/2013 there's a buy one get one free burger coupon online. Great deal!
Ask for Dante Marcy, he's an adult blonde male. He will service you so good and hard you'll be begging for more. We once toured the Italian countryside together sharing wines and cheeses as we sunned ourselves along Tuscan country roads. But what is sweet in life is fleeting and impermanent. Such Is life. He soon grew tired of me in favor of his lover Pablo and I was cast aside like day old scones in Vatican City. Heartbroken as I am I would still request him by name to wait on me and fondle my taste buds into a world of ecstasy so rapturous and sinful even the most hedonic among us would blush. Tip him generously, but as you do whisper the name Juan Pablo.
Epic!!! Tapas are incredible! I love them all! Spinach Salad is a must order. I think the Massaman Curry is the best Curry I have ever had. Also love the Green Steak Curry Avocado!Everything is Incredible! I would fly from Roseville just to go to this restaurant. Best Ever!
Excellent food and service, amazing place! Try the Spinach Salad, pad thai and Kai soi.
Great curry dishes and atmosphere. I highly recommend the Thai donuts.  It is a bit small so you're cramped or you're "more intimate" which is either good or bad depending how you look at it. It didn't bother me that much.
Steak avocado curry amazing. Service was awesome and spinach salad amazing as well.  This place blows Lotus of Siam away!  You have to try this gem.  Probably get a reservation as the place is pretty small
Cheap. Friendly. Tasty. What more could one want?  I'll definetly be back.
Food is good with the emphasis on local.   Service was also good.  No kids menu or even particularly kid friendly food.  No reservations,  no call ahead seating.   The thing preventing me from rating it higher was this space is loud.  1:30 pm for Sunday Brunch this place was full, on a wait and I can't hear myself think loud.  By the time we left it was half empty (closing time), and the noise level was ok.  Perhaps plan your visit off peak.
Yelp Hours say they are closed on Sundays but they are open. This place is a lot nicer than the original location on Main St in down town Mesa. The food is not as authentic, missing the orignal location.
This is the best Mexican food in Arizona!! The waiter recommended "Sandusky special" and it was amazing!! If you want great Mexican food, this is the place to come. I would drive out of my way to eat here again.
Look down into the basin or you'll miss it!Thank goodness my hubby looked over the mounds of gravel to look down into the basin to find this gem of a dog park within walking distance from our home. The dog park is not only full of healthy grass and each section is HUGE. By the time our dog ran to the edge of the fence he was a tiny dot in the distance. What I really like about this place is that they built the benches down the center of the dog park for us humans. I like this because a lot of the other dog parks that I've gone to have seating on one edge of the park and if your dog runs to the other side and makes a #2 you'd never be able to see him unless you followed him around the park,...thereby increasing your chances in stepping on said 'poo'. So happy we found this place and we will most definitely be regulars here!
Have a great time every time I go. Drinks are good, food is good. I only wish the chicken wings were bigger
This Place is super awesome!! Very Hype and fun!!! We got tickets and there were 3 different comedians and they were actually hilarious and fun!! The food is soo yummy and the service was really good!
Try the veggie frites! They're amazing!And the burgers are consistently great!  My lovely bride and I hit this place at least once a month for our burger and malt fix.  We've tried all the other places (Five Guys, Fatburger, In-n-Out), and we keep coming back to SmashBurger.  The fact that you can get a locally brewed Hefewiezen or a can of old school Oly or PBR with your burger only makes it more awesome.  Great service, great food, and convenient.  I can't recommend this place highly enough!
This place always hits the spot. Best burgers by far! Always busy. Always clean. Oreo Shake is amazing !
This is my first time going to Smashburger  and it's going to be the last time as well This place was filthy and found a hair in my burger and I ordered a kids meal for my daughter have a hot dog and I want to share the hot dog with no bun because they didn't pulled the buns out to the morning and they were frozen
This place is delicious! Fried pickles & gourmet burgers .. I mean where can u go wrong??
Beware if server spills a beer in the roomWent a while ago.  Their small plates are SMALL.  Service should be better considering.  The table that got sat after us was older, and they got better explanations of everything when they got sat.  We had to ask.  The clams were really good, the black cod was just okay, only had like 4 tiny pieces, but the sauce was yummy.  Their kimchi tasted like a white person version...not supposed to be offensive.  4 tables in the room we were in.  Acoustics were awful, sound bounced everywhere and was kinda loud and echoey.  Plus I like oldies music but didn't go with the place.  Also didn't care for our server.  She seemed like she was trying really hard at being one of those trendy hipster type people but just came across like a snob with a working man's complex
Great pharm , super quick less than stated I love cvs  these guys have all the generics also
Love the veggie pizza!  Great service...very friendly.  Super prices and specials. Hubby loves the Hawaiian pizza.
Yummy food & great service. Matt is really friendly & serviceable. The place is decorated really hip too. Check out the artwork in the restroom; you'll come out laughing.
Can't complain the food n service is always good. I always come here after school. The people here r nice and friendly they always check on you make sure everything is always on point.
Great service,  yummy food and cheap :)Goes over great with my  preschooler.  Plus their funnel cake is delicious!!!!!!
Best chicken strips in Las Vegas!! The Mac and cheese is a plus as well. Oh and the customer service is top notch
Very original! A pleasant treat! A must try! My favorites were the chocolate and coconut!
Trendy - good energy and ambiance - nice TV displays. Nice Happy Hour menu. Nice spot to meet friends
TAPAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Awesome food. The waiter was very helpful in picking authentic spanish food.  They also had live entertainment while we were there.
Amazing place would def recommend. Food, service, and environment. Great place for a date or to just sit and enjoy true Spanish food.
My new favorite restaurant. Jorge, the bartender, is superb and our server Aaron was fantastic! The food was AMAZING! Everything we ordered was delicious. Bacon wrapped date had me speechless. Might have to fly to Scottsdale just for the food.
Good food but absolutely terrible service!!! Had a reservation, waited over 20 minutes for menus. Waiter got the drink order wrong, did not bring our appetizer but charged us for it. Did not check on us. Will not go back.
Hate coming here they take forever to make your pizza regardless if it's eat here/2go and the customer service sucks the staff is rude, I've had problems with my pizza before and they always have a attitude correcting it and never offer anything for my problem. Even with the new games and upgraded system
Ready to listen to the middle schoolers rock out in band!  Here we are in 117 degree heat to check out a bunch of 5 year old hip hop ballet stars.  This is so cool.The UNLV Performing Arts Center and Hamm Hall is AMAZING.a.  Parking - Huge parking structure right next to Hamm Hall, great for the heat and so close to the center. Amazingly convenient. Who could have planned this better?b.  The Facility - Awesome seating. Every row and seat has the right amount of space.  The acoustics and sound is balanced.  The views are all great from all seats.  This is first class.c.  The Stage - Just right, esy to see, and the right size for a variety of events.This is 4 star across the board. If you ever are invited to an event here, you will be happy with the facility.
Food was bland. Horchata was really spicy.I would recommend going to a different pupusa place.
I love their pupusas. I haven't tried anything other then that. The place is spacious for a group so I may have to bring people in. The lady behind the counter is nice too.
Great food! Great service! This is a regular go to for my husband and I!Anytime we have family or friends in town we make sure we take them here. They are never disappointed. Dine in or out. It's all good. I've never had an order messed up and you always get your moneys worth.
Great gelato. The prices are reasonable and the servings are plentiful!They have a ferrero rocher gelato which is incredible!
Don't think twice. Just go!!!!  You won't be disappointed :) I went in not knowing this place had won on cupcakes wars. I can definitely understand how they win the judges over. I love the ever changing variety and the cupcakes have always tasted super fresh unlike some other places in the area.
Quick and friendly service. My Smoothie Barista even brought my drinks out to me. Plenty of options. Between the Island Green and the Detox Island Green, the first was much sweeter although I did enjoy the Detox better. Maybe I'll add a bit if Splenda next time.
Authentic & great tasting poke, if you're craving something from the islands.Many different combinations but my top 3 are the ahi spicy mayo, kimchi w raw tako, & ahi with Hawaiian sea salt, shoyu, & limu.
Great food, great all day happy hour prices, and very friendly service. I get a friendly greeting as soon as I walk in the door. It's a very nice neighborhood restaurant.
Great food, and service! Very casual Food was awesome and with large portions great for trying out food with a group.
High hedges in parking lot. Pretty dangerous. Can't see if car is coming around the corner. Super fast service. Had a long line waiting for a counter spot but those workers were kicking people through fast! I hated to have to wait in line for a post card stamp.  The flippin' machines didn't have an option that would sell me a postcard stamp or to purchase a book of them.
This location is CLOSED - Do not go here. The sign on the door states they have moved to the Banner Health Center on Ellsworth & Victoria. Not true. They will send you to the Allied/One Health Urgent care across the street which is in no way affiliated with them.
Order the Tom Collins, yummy! Great bar/restaurant.  Cool vibe, great looking crowd.  Will return next time I go to Montreal.
Musique un peu forte...J'ai été charmé par l'endroit, car j'ai reculé dans le temps. Le service était bien et la nourriture bonne. Je ne peux dire que j'ai été étonné et que mes papilles ont été surprises. Mais, l'endroit demeure une valeur sur pour un bon restaurant à Montréal.Conseil: ne pas prendre une table autour du bar, car la circulation du personnel peut-être dérangeant parfois.
Mediocre. Had 3 tacos for lunch...Paco, Country Fried and Fish. I've been mouthfarting ever since. Hopefully it stops soon. In all fairness, it's my fault for ordering fish, country fried steak and taco meat. Who does that?!
Great service, atmosphere and food. Would definitely recommend and go again. They make the guacamole right in front of you, catering it's texture (chunky to creamy) to your desire.
Get your seats reserved online with open table.   Easier and faster than at the door.  If you like chocolate then you will love this restaurant.
Great place to satisfy your sweet tooth! Our waitress Erica was so pleasant the first time we visited. Second time we weren't as lucky with the service or the food, but then again we ordered sandwiches. Stick with the sweets, there are plenty of choices.
Yum! Yum! Yummy! Yum and yummy!!  The best breakfast and Mexican Hot Chocolate I have ever had!!!! This place was soooo amazing we back tracked to have it again the next day!! The first day I had a milk chocolate Mexican Hot Chocolate and the 2nd day I had the White Chocolate Mexican Hot  Chocolate...Oh my goodness...delicious!! Seriously, so rich and yummy.  The food was just downright amazing. It is hard to describe something that tastes soo good. The wait staff were extremely gracious and the manager even came to our table just to see how we were enjoying our experience! They have a chocolate shop within the restaurant so we went by to look and they had these caramel pecan candies dusted in chocolate  powder to sample that were AMAZING!!!!! So, so, so good! I want to eat here again and again! I had the breakfast skillet and everything was cooked to perfection. It wasn't greasy, all the ingredients tasted fresh and the diamond dusted biscuit with chocolate sauce is heavenly!!! DIVINE! I mean, DIVINE! One of the most amazing meals I've had to date!
Awesome happy hour!  $6 cocktails from 3-6p and 9p-close.  This seems to be mon- fri for sure and weekends during the slower times of year.  The happy hour list has been cut down to fewer offerings than on my last review but still has 6 cocktails plus select beer ($4) and wine on special.  3 of the cocktails are chocolatey so there are even more options as you can choose white, milk, or dark chocolate options.  The snacks are great and enough to share if you aren't starving or have a crazy sweet tooth.  We got the 80s shake from the regular menu and 3 cocktails, the smoky corn croquettes which were good but the smoked paprika ruined my chocolate palette, the cheese pizza which was bigger than expected, and the trout banana fondue.  So 6 happy hour things and 1 of the ref menu for $43.  I only come here for happy hour because I'm cheap.  Staff was really attentive and even let us have happy hour at a table instead of the barrio since it was busy.  We usually have our teen sit at a 2 top close by and we sit at the bar and carry good back and forth.  He's happy becauSe he's eating amazingly chocolatey goodness without his mom and I'm happy because he's stuffing his face for cheap.  Growing boys and all that.  My bf and I still get time to ourselves, also with awesome sweets, and for a pretty penny.  The best part is that once you Re hopped up on sugar, you can go to the 3 story h&m across the way and get even more deals with the money you saved!  We aren't gamblers, so, for me, this IS the best part of Vegas.  I do Lobster ME and the Betty Paige store a different day.  Same results.
Great food....horrible customer service. It took 10 mins to get water. I had to ask them to take my order. And when waitress was ready she made a smart comment about not taking my order because my phone was out.
Amazing food great service! 5 stars for this place the fish tank adds a great touch for the kids. Really enjoy eating here. Great day the Thai way.
Ok local thia for good prices. Nothing crazy but gets the job done. Come during lunch
The food was absolutely delicious. And very very reasonably priced. Everything I ate was just spectacular. I was feeling a bit ill so I ordered a soup. I wasn't disappointed.
Delicious food, affordable,big serving and nice staff.. Definitely going back here... We ordered the chicken curry and fried chicken on fried rice we love it along with the thai tea :)
Very flavorful! Best is gutti vankaya eggplant curry and mango kulfi. They don't have few things which was on the menu. But I would recommend to all
this place is great.. $3 for parents $2 for children.. perfect for younger children. staff was amazing.. bring your own towels.. you can bring food & drinks as well.this is a true hidden gem of vegas.
Good locals joint for breakfast ! It's right by the nc music factory so it's really convenient to grab a quick bite before the show
Will be a habit whenever in Montreal.  Get tea and a variety of dumplings (steamed and fried) and reorder what disappears until all dinners are satisfied.  Might good to avoid at prime time unless you are OK with a long wait.
Favorite place to see a flic! Love this place! Cozy, very friendly and not crowded!!!!
There are a lot of buildings and lights here. Lots of people too.  Being as I am from L.A. and work in Hollywood, I don't like to do the whole Tourist thing as I see them all the time, and don't want to be or do the same.I know some people get a excited about going to Vegas, but sadly I'm not one.  I'm not into the Whole clubbing scene, I don't go to bars much, I suck at Gambling so already I'm a fish out of water.  The shows there are cool though, even though we never got much time to go to any on this trip and whenever you are Hungry, there is always a Buffet around the corner.  Sorry Vegas, but what happened here not only stayed here.  It also stayed back in a L.A.  Can't say I'm a fan, but as I was here with my girlfriend I did the most out the trip and did leave the weekend having a good time and with pleasant memories with her here.
Always a bad ass place to just say fuck it lets roll last second !!!! I decided to roll out at 2 o'clock and here by none from so cal !!! Great Harley ride !!! Beautiful drive
I really enjoyed my experience at the Camelback location....it was dinner & a show. A variety of customers visit this location and they keep it very entertaining
This place is amazing and will never disappoint. Top five best burgers ever. In-and-out is one of the best fast food places out there.
Nice little ice cream place. Great local spot for some good ice cream.
This place has come a long way. It is clean, friendly and the staff is great. But its always practically empty. Only been to the bar section, however now they have a pet friendly patio. Also it's now opened 24hrs.. I love this place!!
Another visit and another great experience. ..hidden gem! Great service as always food was excellent.
Great crew and awesome food!  They decorate for all the holidays and have give aways for their gamers all the time!
My go to spot always! I love the bartenders and the food is great :) I'm a picky eater and they never screw my salad that I order up! Prices are great! My boyfriend and I are here 2-3 times a week and are always pleased each time!
Boring but kids love it!  DONT GO ON THE WEEKEND and bundle up!!!  Lots of fun rides and lights and even a Choo Choo Train!!!
Their omelets are phenomenal!!! I highly recommend them... The eggs and ingredients are always so fresh and delicious! And the potatoes are Mmm -- so good!!!
Worse lox I've ever had and cost an arm and leg.... I'll never get a lox from this deli again..
Great breakfast bagel sandwich. Menu is vast and they have knish! Staff is extremely friendly and quick. Seattle's best coffee as well as assorted bottles and cans of soda and juice. They have fountain soda as well.
my favorite stylist Ashton! She just moved to this salon & is amazing. Be sure to book your appointment with her for highlights, color, cuts or a simple "I wanna feel pretty" hair session.
Consistent, Yummmmmy food!!! Fast service and dependable for catering parties!!! Ive had their Hawaiian plate, chicken katsu, Musubis, bbq mixed plate, and they were all ono/delicious!!!
Food is good just way over priced. It takes a little longer than I'd expect to get a hot dog.
Terrible airlines avoid if at all possible. Flight delayed an hour an the airport even the pilot didn't know why. The crew had the nerve to charge cash only for snacks and drinks- they should've at least offered a cup of water to all of us. Now we land and stuck on the runway for at least 20 minutes while we wait for a gate. Really? And I have to give 1 star to post they don't deserve even that
Never again! Appalling upcharges on every single thing you can imagine. I'd say i'd fly them if all i was taking was a purse..but I'm so pissed off over this experience I'll never fly them again!!!!!So sure...lowest price plane ticket to Vegas; then $70 r/t to check one bag; $55 r/t to sit with your travel companion; $50 r/t because the bag is under the weight limit for every airline on the planet...except theirs; $8 r/t if you don't print your boarding pass before you get there; ....
We had it delivered, came pretty fast. Husband says best pizza we have tried here. I really enjoyed the wings.
Posted a parcel 3 weeks ago.....never arrived. Austria is not thaaaaaaast difficult to manage so I am very very upset.
Worst service!!! Don't go here!! I've tried going here a few times when I'm in the need of something quick and convenient. I always get bad service, takes forever and the food isn't even worth the wait.
Never too long of a wait. Staff is always talk-a-tive & smiling!Not much to say. It's a typical fast food joint.
Awesome and friendly staff helped me get everything j need! I come here for the water and always leave with the ice cream too !
周五晚上自助餐，有巴西舞助兴，种类有点少，不过量很大，每种吃一遍基本就差不多了，菲利牛排很好吃，烤菠萝有点酸，烤羊肉也不错
Where's the beef?  I am use to more meat in my pho.  I fished out 5 slices...pretty weak!  The price is on the high side considering the size of the bowl & the lack of meat.  Flavor was decent...  The springrolls looked like an 8 year old rolled them.  I've made better tasting & more uniform springrolls at home.The place is hit or miss on service depending on who's working.  It's actually very good for the most part...the younger kid isn't the one you want waiting on you.  It's a clean place...they just need to iron out the wrinkles.  It's close to me so I guess I will eventually give them yet another shot, but this time trying out their rice dishes & banh mi.
Excellent Pho is a nice atmosphere!  Delicious!! Generous portions, clean tasting and good prices.  It's in a quiet part of town in Henderson on south Eastern Ave. I highly recommend this place.
Great service and great food we will definitely be back!!! Fresh ingredients and friendly staff! We used to drive all the way spring mountain and decatur to have pho... But now we found one right around the corner from us!
Best Vietnamese place in town. Service is most of the time good, other times fair. No need to drive all the way to Chinatown when you have a nice place right here in Henderson. Favorite is the chicken and vegetable pho.
Best Vietnamese place in town. It's clean and tidy. They have almost everything you could think of. Good service as well. My personal favorites include their chicken and veggie phos and their grilled steaks. Great appetizers as well. Although, I don't recommend the fried calamari.
This place has pretty good tempura. They do ayce sushi which includes a pretty decent list, they also do a 3 for $14.95 deal which has a big assortment as well.
Carne Asada fries for $5! This place is like Mexico, but in Las Vegas. Although they reasonably charge more for their food. Tacos were $2 bucks each. Star of the show was my taco abadado (marinated pork on a rotisserie)It's not too often that I see it served right off the rotisserie. Not in SF or LA. The only place that does it like that is Mexico. (And also Las Vegas apparently.) These melt in your mouth little tacos were dripping with marinated (secret) juices.
I've been back a few times and seriously, this place...is awesome! I can't believe it, how do they do it? Everyone who works here is so nice and happy. I like all the tacos. I eat all the tacos. I smile about the tacos. Thank you place.
This place is awesome!!! Great prices and portions!!! Took my wife and she loved it! I've been here several times and they have yet to let me down!
Busy place even for lunch but the tacos are cheap and really good!Most tacos are $ 2.As you get in the door:1. Spot what you want on the boards2. Line up according to what you prefer3. Pay the food & drinks (they'll give you a refillable cup)4. Get drinks and condiments5. Enjoy your mealRepeat if you're still hungry :)
Amazingly greasy as FFFF. But it's too good lol. I don't know which meat Id say is the best. They're all too good.
Nummmmmmy  a little piece of Mexico in Vegas  go on an empty stomach! The Mulitas al Pastor are the best! Not only are they affordable the cooks are fast!!
Great Mexican food with a simple menu of 10-15 tacos $2/taco. We had el pastor tacos and beef tacos
5 stars nuff said! 4 de buche por favor. If your in town make the drive it's worth your while... Big plus they're open late for those late night munchies!!!
Best tacos north of the border!!!! A must try if visiting Vegas. They have amazing tacos al pastor. Yes their line as can get long but thats because the food is soooooo good. Plus the mexican drinks are good too. You have to try this!
Bomb Tacos de tripa perfectly done. Crispy. ALpastor delish!Asada tacos also very good. Must try.
Great service and tasty food. The setting is very modern with a great terrace.
Not worth the time or money.  There are much better places in the neighborhood.  Weak coffee. Huevos Rancheros is disappointing.   I can't believe people actually wait for a table for anything over 5 minutes for such mediocre food.
I love Direct Tv, my experience with them so far has been exceptional. I highly recommend them to my family and friends.
Horrible never should have left cox! Regrets! Regrets!  Movies drop off! Tv stops! Constantly on the phone for assistance! Going back to cox!
Came to eat here and when we first arrived the owner/driver backed out so fast he almost hit us. We went in to eat inside and while we were eating and looking outside the owner/driver came back and parked next to our car, looked around and pushed his car door into our car on purpose, we watched the whole thing. We couldn't believe it. We did say something too. We will NEVER go back there again. I can't believe that was the owner of this place. Do NOT go there!!!!
Teach your drivers how to Drive !!!  Is he/she drunk ???  Terrible driver........................................................................
I wouldn't stay in this dump again if it was for free. Not only is it a dump you get very poor customer service
Outstanding food.  Lamb, venison and duck were a big hit for us.  Strawberry in port was superb dessert. Great atmosphere and charm for Old Montreal.
Love love this place! Excellent chicken and service..we are regulars and love garlic parmesan and honey bbq. The chicken is juicy and tender
Food = great! The people = great. We go there all the time! Sooo goodFries = yumCannot go wrong !
Fantastic food and flavors! Excellent sercive! Great friendly  atmosphere. Great music!  All around awesome!
Very fair prices. A lot of seating, cool music, and the drinks are the best part. The service is terrible with a lot of grumpy employees. If you can get past that, the drinks and atmosphere are why you should go.
Best coffee in town!!!! Great food too  Also a great place for meet ups and meetings.
Favorite mom n pop coffee shop! The chai tea latte will change your life forever! This is a cool spot for hanging out with friends on a Saturday night while listening to cool local music, but also just as cool on a Tuesday afternoon for just chillin out with some coffee by yourself.
Great breakfast munchies. Clean. Wide open spaces. Wifi. Oh, and great coffee. If you don't already know the wifi password just ask at the counter. The only downside is that it's in a mall.
The crepes are super yummy! Not a ton of pre-made optiins, but you can make your own combo too. The Gluten free options aren't terrible either. The location is great as well. Quiet in the morning, lots of people watching in the evening.
So good!! Excellent biscuits and gravy- I thought I was back in the South. Hubby had pancakes which were big and fluffy. Huge servings as well.
I love eating at this place but I wish it had better service. But I still eat here every weekend lol
Great, ridiculously huge frozen drinks. Expensive, but it's Vegas so of course. I got a piña colada with extra shots, because why not, my husband got a strawberry thing. They were awesome. Lots of alcohol, and they don't taste like it, so you have to be a little careful.
Quick clean job done at a fair price. They came to my job, had the windshield fitted within an hour. The price was great,  $100 less than the other companies I called.  Would recommend these guys everyone to get the job done!
Good location, good vibe, pricey for a middle eastern hangout place. Service can be worked on and ofcourse, only cash payments?!
Sucks sucks sucks... It's open 24 hours and the dude was sleeping...boooooooo....sucks
Just like the old country.....Chicago. Delicious iced caramel coffee and everything bagel. They always get it right.
Love this place! Great beer selection!! We had dinner at The Crepe Celler then can here for a drink (same owners). This place has a great atmosphere and friendly staff.. Perfect place for beer enthusiasts!
$20 for a dozen Atlantic oysters on the half shell. Not too shabby, Charlotte! Jam packed on a Saturday night, but it cleared out a bit by 9:30 or so.
The best car wash I've ever had. I came based on the reviews but they did a great job on my truck inside and out
Not good on music. Scenery and Monday happy hour is the only reason to come.Thanks to Anthony (who made 1 drink really well to only have it spill all over his hands, then made a shity drink to have it spill all over his hands again) I will never come to this shit hole again.
Henry the bartender is awesome. Great outdoor bar. The red Sangria is tasty.  Good atmosphere.
Team Johnson #21 Michael Turner the burner baby!lots of stairs
Closed? I went over here hoping to play badminton but it was closed. Hoping to find out if you have moved somewhere else.
Good veggie food. Hot chapatis. Try the thali. It comes with rice, chapati,  2 bhajis,  dhal and pickle.
The Thali is so fresh and good! They have the best paratha and they're big. I have not had Indian food so fresh and authentic since I've lived in India. Must go to whenever I'm in Vegas.
Very good food. Come hungry awesome sushi!! Off the strip but worth the trip. All you can eat, good service. When I first saw this I wanted to leave but trust me stay and eat!!
Delicious and unique ice cream made by incredibly nice people! The man making our ice cream was very friendly and kind to our big group of friends. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas.
Great service and nice setting. Had an aromatherapy massage and a spa pedicure. a massage therapist and nail technician were both courteous and did a good job. neither lasted the entire hour, I showed up a little late so I was  fine with the massage being shorter but felt short changed on the pedi.
Don't miss the saffron ice cream!OK, now that dessert has been covered, I'll finish my review.I went to Zaytoon this afternoon with my 10year old.  I've tried to talk my family into going here on a couple occasions, but get the usual resistance you might expect from a couple teenagers. With only one person to convince/coerce, I got my way.We kept it very simple- we shared a gyros, side of tabbouleh, and that amazing ice cream.As it was around noon on Sunday, place was a little quiet.  Pleasant and clean, order taken at counter and ready very fast.   The bread was more tandoori/naan like than pita, and the gyro had good fresh veggies on it.  The tsatsiki was very good and fresh, and their tabbouleh was also excellent.  The bread was awesome, somewhat chewy, crisp.There was plenty of food there, and the two of us shared no problem.  The owner of the establishment checked on us to ensure we were enjoying our meal.  They held our ice cream until we were almost finished, and then the girl brought it to us, with two spoons, two more napkins, etc.  Aaahh, the Saffron Ice Cream!  Bright yellow, with a hint of rosewater, and pistachios throughout.  Sublime.My daughter enjoyed all of the foods, including the cracked olives and tabbouleh.   We talked about making an ice cream birthday cake with Saffron Ice Cream.  Warms my heart to see a kid try the unfamiliar!  Good times.The potential for excellent Middle Eastern food is definitely here.  I am heading back to try their daily dinner specials!
Awesome firm with a super friendly staff! Highly recommended to all my friends. If you need the best bankruptcy, personal injury, and real estate lawyer in town, Sam is your guy.
Love their monthly package, and their service-men are all incredibly cute. Seriously. Every one of them. My mom commented on the incredibly suction of their hoses.ANYWAY, We came here, got the $5 wash, the car smelled great on the inside as the soap went through, and we came out spotless. I wish there was one north of the Interstate 10, but there isn't. I still drive all the way down here from 5th and indian school to get a car wash. Lovely place.EDIT: when I wrote "as the soap went though", I didn't mean that soap got inside my car, lol... I meant that the wonderful aroma of the soap lingered for a few seconds, almost not warranting a car freshener.
Great deal for a monthly pass but many of the workers are rude Free vacuums are great Quick and easy to get in and out of
Awesome car wash for a great price! Free vacuuming, our first time here we will be back
Always great service,  polite, efficient staff.when getting you checked in they get it done quickly and painlessly. They don't try to hassle you or stress you out; you pay for what you ask and that's that . The monthly packages is tops!
The pork oso bucco is last meal worthy! Seriously. This is a wonderful family owned and operated business.
Lovely store. Always find what I need. And more ;)Steven at the frame department is very pleasant and helpful
Gas here was great but it was a bit cold for my liking.  This is not a tip but a review so I need to add more words. The gas was priced well. I was in the backseat so I don't know how easy the pump was to use. I like the smell of gasoline.
Tuesday's kids eat free! That was a great start, I have a younger set of twin siblings that are 5 years old.  And since they ordered off the kiddie menu their meals were free.  I had the bacon & blue burger and it was grilled to perfection!  Medium-rare and juicy, YUM.  My wife had the turkey burger and it wasn't too appealing however, she said she enjoyed it (she only ate 4 bites, not sure how much she enjoyed it.)  My dad had a BYO burger and he enjoyed it as well.  We all enjoyed happy hour drinks which goes from 3-7pm.  Overall the food was really good I just feel that the service could have been better if she was a little more personable.  She wasn't very attentive and when she would drop items off at the table she would quickly walk away before anyone could order anything else.  Televisions were everywhere and you could watch any game where ever you sit in the restaurant.  Good place to watch sports!
Everything was fresh and excellent quick service friendly bar staff.  They ensured we were ok and drinks were full definitely a good place to go
Well.. Super good service by David and the support  staff. ..Very professional. ..The wine list .... on a ipad well good thing I know my grandfather taste on wines ..lol
Ask for Maddy, she will take care of you! She does such a great job.This was my first time visiting this salon. I came here because I followed my stylist from her old location to this one. The first thing that struck me as awesome was how the salon was set up. It's very fancy and I was exited to be there. They have multiple things you can come in for more than just hair and have a large variety of products not just what the hair chain wants you to sell.  It was very clean and has TVs in many places so you can watch tv while getting your hair done. I will not only be back because my stylist works there but I will be back because I love the location (in Dana park) as well as the salon itself. Great place!
They are the nicest batista ever. They get the order Right no matter how customized it is. They are always busy but fast and the coffee is always fresh and delicious because it's one of the busiest Starbucks in the area.
Great selection of 4 Peak Brewery beers, which happens to be one of my favorite breweries in the area.  Pretty neat little vibe in this place, relaxed atmosphere with an always friendly staff.  2 thumbs up
It's OK. Here's a quick tip, if you want pizza, keep walking toward C12ish there is a sabarro... Go there.
Be prepared to spend a little more for a huge portion. I definitely recommend sharing a plate instead of ordering your own.  Food was mediocre and overpriced for the lack of quality. I am not too crazy about some bugs flying around our food, very irritating. Service was awesome though. They know how to hire servers with personality. If you are looking for a social place to grab run of the mill American brunch food then come here. If you are a foodie like me go elsewhere.
I don't review much but this place isn't worth it. The pancakes are the opposite of light and fluffy, the coffee is watered down, and the skillets are under seasoned. They do have a nice sized menu so maybe it's only the six items a friend and I ordered that were bad.
Awesome changes. Ask for Danny the manager. He made it right right right!Update: I've been coming here a bit more often and it's been great. These guys are really doing an excellent job... And I'm very picky.
The best thai food in town. I love this place. I always come here weekly with friends.
Yummy. Everything is always on point. Try the pineapple curry. Free thai iced tea with check in. Super sweet staff.
So delicious!!! The best Thai food I've had! I only order from here! Delivery is awesome, the food is always hot!
Firearm transfer fee is $30 per firearm. So if you buy 10 AR-15 stripped lowers from Brownells and have them all transferred through Lock N Load, you will pay $300 in transfer fees. I just learned this the hard way.Other than that, the staff is friendly and the selection is good. Most of the firearms they stock are quality so you don't have to worry about them trying to sell you something that's crap at too high a price just because the margins are better. They make their money like a respectable gun store: charging MSRP on ammo and tactical nylon gear. Which I can't hold against them, because they're charging reasonable prices on the guns and they have to keep the doors open somehow.
Everything tasted really good and Bree the waitress was awesome too!Price is reasonable, and nice environment. Restaurant is open long hours!
I love this place. The food is awesome and the staff is friendly and welcoming. I love the fresh spring rolls and especially the Thai Iced Tea. So yummy!!
Family loves this place.  Something for everyone.  41 with chicken was great ,  39 with chicken also great and the beef curry was sublime!
Alaska Airlines Board Room members welcome.  Coors light dafts and Sycomore Lane wines were complementary.  Alcohol is what we care about the most right?I don't understand the club's low rating.  Setting aside all the personal gripes people have had, the place has quality.  It's not the best, but the club is quiet, clean and the staff was friendly.  Terminal 2 is pretty desolate, so overcrowding will not likely be a factor.  If you're into a low key environment, this is a good place.The bartenders were fun, I enjoyed hanging out with them.  Also, the fruit selection was good - bananas are great for hangovers.
Good cuts, good price, nice folks.  Walk-in or appointments to suit your needs.  The kind of place where the door is open if the weather is good.
Great customer service, friendly team, competitive rates. Team allowed me to take adv of new daily rates despite my prior reservation. Saved about 75.
The combos are a rip off and the sushi is very mediocre. Had the sashimi combo, out of the 11 pcs of sashimi, 4 were pieces of egg and fake crab. Fish is not that fresh and portions of it are stingy.
Solid Mexican food (even for Vegetarians) and great service. We got three enchiladas; one with bean cheese, one with grilled vegetables, and one with spinach, all of them were delicious. Get their complimentary hot salsa (green); it's super tasty and it won't burn your tongue.
Seen her work on over 10 people. Simply outstanding and a great person. The color and style looked perfect and complimented the individuals.  Suite is very welcoming.
Good food, nice place to have a glass of wine and pizza  with friends and family. Great entertainment.
We tried the corned beef sandwich. I'm not the biggest fan of corned beef, but when I get a hankering for it, I need the real thing. The sandwich is pretty, with swirled pumpernickel bread and cheddar, but the corned beef appears to be the kind that comes in slices or a pack rather than the brisket we're used to. Plus, they fried the meat! We'll search some more for REAL corned beef.
I've had the tamales with chili and they are awesome my favorite dish hands down. Theres always a line so it's gotta be good
Sad that they are closing!  Here for one of the last nights... 35 days to go.  Pecked!  Amazing meal the dessert to die for.  Tomorrow night Cure... Super excited about that!
Superb food, friendly service, just awesome!  The Bombay sandwich is unlike any I've had. The combo of flavors exploded on my pallet. My husband ate his combo plate of salads as he raved over the deliciousness. Go to there. You won't regret it.
Wings and nachos were good but our server was not so great... Overall was good but our server made it mediocre.
Yuck!  Very disappointed!  Will not go back.  Service was bad, music was terrible, the bar area stunk it seemed very dirty.  We walked out before we even ordered anything.  Trashy place!
Food, not so good. Service, so so. Don't waste your time. Not really much more to say, but Yelp insists I fluff up my review so I will add that I will never ever eat at this establishment again.
Great place , always clean and friendly staff and they take good care of my baby "Mia"
Love this place.  Such good spray tans!!! MJ is the best and always helps clients get exactly what they want. I left feeling gorgeous and bronzed and it looks great for camera
Great food. Great service. Angry young millennials looking for fights. But even though the two tables on either side were looking for trouble, we will def come back.
My new favorite spot. Went for Sunday fun day. (Football) I had great service. Delicious pasta. My boyfriend had been there the day before we had gone. Definitely a forever customer
Roast duck, roast pork, and char siu!!  It doesn't get any better than Asian BBQ & Noodles.  I'm not just talking about Las Vegas, it beats places in Hawaii, LA, and SF!!  I know this is a bold statement, but this place is the best I have been to.  The roast duck is succulent, juicy, and done to perfection.  Even the Jus that comes with the duck tastes awesome.  I don't know what blend of spices they use, but it is mouthwateringly delicious.  The best part is, its not overly greasy and oily like duck from other places.  I don't feel as if my arteries are clogging as I'm eating.  The roast pork is divine.  The skin is perfectly crunch, but not so thick that you chip a tooth (my dad did that once, not cool).  The pork is also seasoned with the same or similar spices as the duck.  First time I've had it done this way.  Adds an added flavor profile not found anywhere else!!  The char siu is very flavorful.  Sweet without being too sweet.  Some of the best char siu I've ever had.  Writing this review is making my mouth water.  There are many other dishes to try, but I have yet to sit down and try one of their noodle bowls.  One of these days, but for now I'm good with taking a duck to go.
Overall really good and authentic food!  We got crispy duck and it was solid.  Definitely recommend.
Delicious and great service too!!!! Go early to enjoy the duck...it goes fast!  Will certainly return!
A must go place if a Chinese coming to LV! It is a little bit long wait but price is good and food is authentic!!!!
Friendly and prompt service on a Saturday! Very professional. Would use their service again.
#1 plumbing just left my house and I have ZERO complaints. They were professional, quick, courteous and fixed my leak with minimal inconvenience. I can't imagine not calling #1 plumbing for all my plumbing & a/c needs! It's been almost 6 months since my water leak and they provided me the best service.
Great place for Chinese food. Price just right, with lots of choices. Quite a crowd. Come early to have a good seat. Order the seafood and you will not be disappointed. They also have Hot Pot Cuisine. You have your own pot to cook food. Lots of meat, veg & seafood choices.
Ask for Rachel. She rocks!  Calamari is ok. Typical inland previously frozen but not chewy. Recommended entrées are the Polo's Pasta and Salciccia Pasta are the Bomb! Live music on Thursday nights. Rachel also know what's going on locally.  Good resource and excellent server!
This may become my new favorite spot. Nice wine list, live music, great staff and the food is amazing! The bar looks pretty good too. Def coming back for more many times to come. The seating is great, the lighting is nice not too soft not too bright. My hostess was a hoot! Portions are great as well.
Can't go wrong with a sandwich here! Turkey Reuben was perfectly grilled and just the right amount of coleslaw & sauce. Love their potato salad and fries.The service was good and everything I tasted was great.  Why 3 stars you ask?  The decor is weak and the prices are high.  I don't think they can compete with Chompies & Jason's Deli.  We went on a Friday night and it was pretty dead.  It seems their take-out business is busy though, they were very busy packing up orders to go.
If you ever need to try veal meatballs once in your life, then you must try them at Otto. Need I say more?! And the prosciutto paired with the soooo homemade mozzarella and cherry tomatoes in a smoothe pesto sauce is phenom. You may think you've done this latter menu item...however, if you've not tried it here, then you really have yet to experience just how close to Italy you can really be. All seating is outside in the grand canal shoppes area and the extensive wine inventory looks to take up much space aside from kitchen inside. Loved!
Great rustic Italian food!If you are looking for more than American italian food, this is for you.Chef,Great Job!
Got me at the last min these people are the best thanks so much!!!!!!!I will be back forsure and will be telling the friends when they come over to visit...thanks again so much and keep up the good work
Love love love the Chicken Fried Rice.Took a while to find a good place after my previous love Teriyaki Company changed owners and went downhill with their fried rice. I order it atleast once a week
This was the worst food I have ever eaten! On earth I ordered online, quick but no taste at all, I just moved to the area. I have to find a better place,
Really, really weak beer selection. Inexcusably so.  It's like they signed up for the 3 taps the Budweiser salesman was pushing and that's it.  Sad. And lazy.   I really wish I could like this place but other than being really close to my house, I can't.There is so much they could do to improve it's appeal but they seem to want to pinch pennies to save a dime rather than seeing the big picture to make dollars.Follow up: Read through the other reviews.  Notice how many people say they wish they could like it better, how they want it to succeed, that it seems lost and without any identity?  Owners: Your potential customers are cheering for you, get with it before it's too late.
I love their wings! They are grilled!  Great service.  The location is great with good views. Nice outdoor patio. Live music on certain nights of the week.
The wings are so delicious!!! A lot of snacks.Mango lemonade is my favorite. watching games with friends is good.
Great group! I would highly recommend to anyone looking for scuba lessons! The owner has always been very good to me. Great inventory on hand and staff willing to help you from open water courses to technical courses!
This is a great place to watch the game, especially when it's so gorgeous outside. They open the doors and let the air flow. Ask for the sweet potato fries - they aren't on the menu! If you're a Zappos employee, you get 20% off your order. Bonus!
Mexi Mocha is yumtastic!!! I have now visited the two locations I am aware of in Las Vegas no less than ten times. Their coffee is yummy and I hope they expand. I would venture to say they have the best coffee  in Vegas. Fantastic!!
When most people hear coffee they think of Starbucks. Well you won't after getting your morning cup of joe here. First time here and found it on accident and the drinks were amazing. Must try.  I only give it 4 stars for now based on the fact I've only been once but I have a feeling they will not disappoint in the future. Looking forward to trying the green tea smoothie.
The food here is very tasty, and the customer service is superb! We had the potato skins, and hot wings! They have a great selection of beers, and mixed drinks.
Die Bedienung war sehr nett. Der Cocktail und die burger waren lecker und die Vorspeise war klasse.
Awesome fast service. Jantra did a wonderful job on my nails. I will come back.awesome discounts and savings.
The dinner box is pretty big 4 the price. The pizza here is pretty good. I love the cinni sticks and the chicken Alfredo.  I was an walk in and I didn't have to wait more than 15 which is pretty cool depending on how hungry you are.
Good after hours spot! I usually go around 2am on the weekend after hanging out at the epicenter. The food is okay, but the people watching is hilarious. FYI, the crowd can get a little rough.
I haven't left a restaurant due to the service in a very long time so, it's upsetting that I had to leave this dinner because of it. I have eaten here on numerous occasions, both late night and for brunch. Though it seems the service has been put last on the list.  45+ minutes for two eggs and grits on a sunday at 2pm is inconceivable with over 10 people on wait staff, and I ended up taking my order to go which had not a single thing I ordered correct, and no utensils or napkins. I understand that this place get busy, its right off the light rail and good prices for a greasy spoon but dang, never have I waited that long
Very clean restaurant,staff is really nice,and the shrimp grits dish is so good..also that place is open 24/7 which is great!!!!
Worth the drive. One of the most challenging courses in Arizona. From multi-tiered greens to to challenging native areas tha meander along the fairway this cours provides one of the best environments for tournament play. Isolated from suburbia, it offeres a secluded retreat from the busy courses in Phoenix. If time allows plan to relax by the outdoor fire and grab a great meal.
Idiots can't even do a simple delivery. Lost my business and future business. They juggle me around from one location to another. Ended up not getting food. Thx
Kevin was awesome for the sunset tomcar tour! He was very knowledgable and always made sure our group was having a blast! Definitely recommend this to everyone!
Very nice job on my daughters cake. Worth the trip from Tolleson. It was so moist and flavorful. Will be getting my other daughters bday cake from them in August.
Best Chinese I've had since moving to the south.I love the delivery service. I wish other area restaurant's would deliver.
Excellent sandwiches, and a very efficient place for a quick lunch.  I particularly love the #17....
Took over 45 minutes. Not freaky fast :( & the bread was stale. We order alllllllll the time from this location....they must be having a bad day,
Great place and food. Unfriendly staff. Looked bored and over worked. Staff listening to music so loud I couldn't hear my own thoughts. Staff sing loudly to music as well.
Love this place! So glad it's local. I've traded in tons of books here which is probably my favorite thing since I tend to get overrun with books. However, I've also bought just as many books so I guess I'm mostly swapping. Whichever, the service is great! My kids love it just as much as I do so it's 5 stars from the whole fam.
They have EVERYTHING and it's always an adventure and you can even get produce there! And coconut water for cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeap :)
You can concoct any flavor you wish. Absolute craziness! This stuff is great for taking home & adding alcohol to. They should offer nerd topping & sour patch kids.
Meh.  The sandwiches are not bad, but not exactly inspiring in the flavor department.  I do like that they have vegetarian meat options (most places think a cheese sandwich is enough), but I wouldn't make a special trip here for them.  I've started to notice a trend among underwhelming restaurants...they all seem to loudly proclaim how amazing they are.  USA Today voted you one of the top 10 greatest paces for a sandwich?  Really?!Edit:"CRAPiottis"  Why didn't I think of that for my first review??
Awesome store!! The staff is very helpful!! If they didn't have a certain comic you were looking for the staff was quick to suggest other titles.. If your in the neighborhood feel free to stop by and check out the awesome stuff at Maximum Comics...
I have eaten here several times and never a bad experience. Best steaks in the area, always cooked to perfection and top notch service.
Hostees was so rude at the door I didn't even sit down.   I would not recommend their service
This place is awesome. If I still lived in AZ I would make this a usual stop. I recommend this for a date night. You will earn some brownie points.
Best elementary school there is! So many nice teachers and so many nice friends. The teachers out understanding, and the principal is amazing.
Very helpful and went above and beyond in duck a short time frame....Jerome and Brenda was very helpful asked all the right questions to make sure the party will be a success! Five star store!
They had every single item I needed so far for my baby shower!! Definitely coming back here for my other events.
Great selection of party supplies great customer service! Found everything I needed for my baby shower will definitely be back!
Have everything you need for a party! It's the go to store.Tasha and angel were great they helped me save 10%
Lots of balloons! And lots of party props! Fun supplies for every occasion. I am getting balloons for my graduation party and they have many options and good deals.
Great place to get your balloons filled! Quick and friendly service. The store has anything you need, as well as the high float helium.  Write a review on yelp and get the 10% off!
My favorite place for supplies very cool people!! They have so many options for different party. I will be shopping here for all parties I have in the bear future# so many different blooms options
Lots of fun stuff. They even have a post office woth much friendlier service;) I also found quite a collection of hair bows/flowers 10 for $10.
Great service by Tasha. Great prices  always have what I need. No matter what I need or no matter what I can't find I can always find it here.
I know where to get my party supplies!:) this place is amazing Angel is so amazing helped me find everything I needed... Come check it out guys
Great store! They have everything you'll ever need for a party. Great baby shower supplies!:)
Best place ever for balloons! Friendly customer service! Staff is very helpful. And they had all the supplies we needed for our event! One stop place for a variety of supplies!
Party USA has great selection of party supplies and costumes! This was my first time here and I was pleasantly surprised.
Stephanie was a great help saved the party!! Helped make balloon choices that looked great!!
Love this place, better than Robertos!I love everything.  The workers are friendly, there jalapenos and carrot mix is the bomb.com!
Tiny drinks big prices not sure about this place yet.  Location was really good otherwise .not worth the extra money for location.  Review update several days later I loved the interior but who wants to stay inside when you are on Mill.  It's much more fun to sit outside and just people watch and the patio is perfect for that if you are lucky enough to be there early enough to get a seat.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere here but as stated above the prices were a bit high especially in an area geared towards college kids.  I think the location and atmosphere bumps them up 1 star so they get 3.
Fast service. Tasty ice cream. SMALLEST sundae ever! Not sure why my 2 scoops were puny. The lady after me had a 2 scoop cone and it looked much bigger. Place was dirty. Got the ice cream urge out of my system for 2015! Maybe I won't gain any more weight now!!
Terrible customer service . Coffee is 90% sugar - gross . The girl at the drive through was extremely impatient , coming from working at Starbucks, I wasn't impressed. The lady at the pick up window was way nicer . We ended up going inside and it took  them 5 mins to even acknowledge us, then when the boy got to the register a blond girl with tattoos came up and kicked him off... And was extremely extremely rude . Didn't smile once and had attitude as if we were wasting/ taking up her time. Also, my boyfriends hot coffee cup was leaking. We haven't ever been to Duncan donuts before and we weren't impressed with the coffee or customer service, were sticking with Starbucks !
Everyone is always so unhappy here. Seems like everyone hates it when you order a doughnut.
Everyone is amazing!! Call you by name and know how you like your coffee if you come in often enough! =)
Excellent service excellent coffee!  I visit this location everyday monday thru friday and it is always fast and correct.  The store is clean and well kept.
Delicious breakfast sandwich and coffee.  Their line took a little too long.  I picked up a dozen donuts to share with friends and they had a great selection!  Their donuts went quickly and everyone enjoyed them.  They didn't have my favorite which is vanilla crime though :/ I'll just have to go back soon!
The service here is absolutely horrid. I'm suprised they got my order right, but it didn't taste right at all.
This is my go to store for pool care and help.  Staff is always helpful and friendly. 90% they offer me coupons to save money when I don't have one on hand.
Love this place!! Everything is good here.  The menudo and street tacos are really good.  Clean and friendly.
Loved it! So Rich and flavorful. Not expensive. I got the burrito in a bowl which is different than a burrito bowl because the burrito in a bowl has pinto beans and no rice. I got take out and ended up adding rice to the bowl when I got back to my room. My fault not theirs. Definitely delicious and worth multiple trips. I will be back
Very good, good price. Fresh made to order. Light atmosphere. Nice friendly customer service. Will come back for sure?
Yum. Delicious. Fast. Nuff said.It's a small restaurant but the food is so good love the sauce and the shawarma is my favorite. I eat here all the time.
Come here one or twice a month. Fantastic meal every time we eat here! Friendly staff as well! Always clean.
Awesome. Love this place!! Chicken kabob and gyro are my favorite, always taste fresh. Fries are some of the best too. You can't go wrong!
Go with a group and sample as many pancake flavors as you can! They were all surprising and delicious.If you're going to spend $ on breakfast, this is the place to do it. I honestly HATE spending money on breakfast. What is a pancake, except for some flour and water? And Let's be real, waffles are WAAAAAY better. Except here! We found BabyStacks when looking online at places to eat off the strip. We live in Ut and make the trek to Las Vegas a few times a year. Buffets and overpriced hotel food gets old. When we heard about the red velvet pancakes, we figured it was worth the drive. BabyStacks, is really small, and if you get there are the wrong, time or with a larger group expect to wait. We were a party of 4 and waited about 25 minutes on a week day. It is a family run establishment and everyone is really friendly and nice. They are quick to refill your drinks and check in a few times to see if you need anything else, and to make sure everything is tasting great. The staff was really accommodating- my mom wanted Adobo but no rice, and not in a full plate. They threw in a side for her, free of charge so she could taste it. Maybe it was because we ordered so many damn pancakes. We decided to just go hog wild. We ordered 6 small stacks so we could all try different pancakes: red velvet, carrot cake, rocky road, orange creamsicle, white chocolate macadamia Nut & banana cream pie. They were surprisingly delicious. We figured we would find one or two that was a miss, but we didn't. The carrot cake was my favorite, and the orange creamsicle tasted just like the popsicle of my childhood. I only wish they had a sampler platter so that you could taste a variety of pancakes. We will defiantly be going back on our next trip to finish tasting the rest of the pancake menu.
Try the velvet pancakes is so delicious! Small place but clean. Good service!
Red velvet pancakes were great, but the wait was over an hour long. Will return..hopefully the wait is not too long next time.
Great food.. I'll be back.. This is a good place to spoil yourself. I've been back to BabyStacks quite a few times and they never disappoint.
Best prices in town!!!! The staff is very helpful and friendly. Best Bariatric program in Las Vegas.
Great customer service. Never gets my order wrong ! Open late too so I can get my late night snack in
This was the best!!!! Fish Tacos killed itWe will totally be back.   The Spanish carrots had so much flavor.  A bean and cheese was HUGE
Fusion specialty bento box! This is a brilliant concept!We stopped by for lunch while in town and I was so happy we did!First of all, the concept was brilliant. I am a appetizer type eater. I like a little of this, a little of that... and sushi can always fit in for me. My burger of the week was delicious, with a spicy sauce on it and perfectly cooked. Also, perfectly appetizer sized and adorable.The sushi roll was flavorful and fresh...the presentation was awesome! I would definitely come back here to try the other meat-sushi combos! It was protein heaven! "Burgushi" is now something I wish every city had!
Not enough good adjectives to describe this awesome restaurant.  You will not go away disappointed
Amazing food and drinks.you can't go wrong going there but you have to be willing to wait. There wait time is always over 30 minutes but the wait is worth it
Love this place. My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a week...sometimes more! The buffet is great, too, for a quick lunch!
Inexpensive, decent flavor rotation, bike rideable  (close by) and the kid loves it. The day we went Island Banana, good. Paddy's Chocolate Peppermint, good. Gorilla Peach, good. Strawberry Margarita,  which I did sample, was also good. Place is always clean and quick!
dog shit everywhere it's bullshit. not fun to walk around and step into dog shit everywhere you walk that's  bullshit. so all you damn dog owners clean up after your damn fucking dogs.
Crab legs were so good with their seasoning that I NEVER eat it without the butter and this is my first time I skipped the butter! D-LISH! It's the seasoning! Had Corn on the cob that was tasty and steamed clams that I just let swim in the broth. They were a lil small but they give you a big bowl of them. Have raved about them on my FB post and have had friends ask about the place! Will go many more times again!
Over priced and disappointing. I've had better fish at Long Johns. Fried oasters were fishy and soggy. The crab soup was bland. The only thing that was good was the onion rings.
Good happy hour average but yummy food love the pretzel on hh cool place if you want a cool chill place come here
These guys even called my insurance while I was on the phone Stephan is a great guy! Thx for the help.
Food is decent, but would like my food spicier. Great lunch specials. Not worth going out of your way for, but if you're in the area stop for a quick bite.
Yummy Tom ka gai soup. All the food was very good and came out quickly.
we love the Thai food at Weera, can't wait to come back! the fried papaya salad is a gem, so is the happy hour. all the sauces and flavors are top notch. we are regulars now
Authentic Thai food .. Good service . My favorite place to eat . The staffs are very friendly and the price is very affordable
Visit Las Vegas every time we ate at Weera Thai 3 days in the row.  Must try all the food! Every thing is good here!
This place is AWESOME!!! Excellent Thai food, service, and atmosphere! I started coming here recently and it's now my favorite Thai food place in town. Eat here, you won't be disappointed!
Loved the Brooklyn location so was happy to see one here. Much more intimate than the original location but food was just as great as I remembered. This restaurant, like many in Sin City, was tucked in the back of a casino. I'm not a gambler, so no temptation there. Unfortunately you will have to contend with cigarette and cigar smoke on the way there, but inside the restaurant itself, no issue. Meal was great, servers were friendly and I thought the prices were reasonable.
Best fried chicken and service in the State! We've been coming here for years. The bbq is great as well, but on Sunday's we always go for the all you can eat fried chicken.
Great food. The spicy garlic wings are amazing!   The brisket is also great. Will definitely be back.
Best place for your babies to stay I love LV dog resort Toska and chewy come home happy
Great Park with a good shaded picnic area! There's tennis court, a basketball court and a play area for the kids.
Overrated unless you like lots  if food.  Seems to be more of a novelty to eat there.  I wouldn't go back.  The "M" buffet is a much better value for lunch.
Super friendly service. When the line starts to build up they open another checkout.  Always willing to help everybody in lobby evanescence after they close. Staff is very knowledgable about shipping options. Will continue to use this Post Office.
Best tacos in town. Period. This little place is a hidden gem. Everything I've had here has met or exceeded expectations. The women that run this place, though a little shy, are always more than accommodating. I am somewhat of a tacos aficionado and have eaten many tacos in many locales... These are some of the best I've had anywhere. The tortas are wonderful, too.
Delicious food! Everything was wonderful. :) I recommend chicken tikka :)The spice scale is a little tricky. If you just like a little to moderate spice I wouldn't order above a 4 on their scale. Gulab jamuns are best I've had at a restaurant and the naan bread is outstanding :) I would recommend
Best Indian food in Vegas. Completely delicious. Try the cheese fries in chilis. I forget what it's called but it's toward the bottom of the appetizer menu. The chicken madras was also excellent.
Excellent food and amazing service! They found the perfect balance between being attentive without hovering over you. As far as the food goes, they give you an option as to how spicy you want your food which is excellent because I prefer my food hotter than my wife so it works out perfectly. Something that makes it even more of a magical experience is the fact that no matter how spicy the food is, it never overpowers the flavor. If this restaurant were on the Strip it could bring double the price per plate with the right atmosphere. This place is definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas!
Great food, nice atmosphere, a little more of a date night spot than family dining. Ordered three dishes and a few orders of naan. The naan aloo was by far the favorite, a little spice to the potato filling. The chicken biryani was delicious w healthy chunks of tasty chicken as well as vegetables and rice. My older boys loved the vegetable korma which was served with tofu. Chicken tikka masala was also delicious. Very fun Bollywood style music playing in the background.
The lobster pasta is fantastic and just the right amount of food.  I recommend going here.  Also all of their desserts are made from scratch.
Best place in the world. The food is ridiculous. Unique and delicious. If you like sweets get the lemon squareThere's a super cute terrasse out backAlthough tables are a little hard to come by as it getsPretty busyStaff is great, good is great, definitely one of my favourite spots to eat
Great service. All the girls are great and help make it a pain free experience. Been going here for years and will keep coming back even tho I live on the other side of town now.
Very satisfied!  Great food! Quiet!  Perfect!  New to Fountain Hills. This is the place we were looking for
The best place in Fountain Hills for a foody to find something great to eat!The kale salad is something delicious and healthy. The slow cooked pork and the slow cooked beef are excellent. We also had the guacamole that came with a salsa that I am certain in home made. All of these dishes were excellent.
A-1 garage door service is the best garage door company we have found.  The staff extremely efficient.  I had my wife's birthday party coming up and they made the dead line.  Definitely give a1 a call if you are in the market.
Great music on Sundays! Perfect if you wanna just chill & enjoy a latte. Sit on the love seat sooooo comfy.
Great food and atmosphere!   We had a strawberry crepe and biscuits & gravy, both were amazing!
Great crepes, very yummy, good espresso, but I do not like the vibe in this place. There was a lot of body parts art. Some of us are not up for fallices and breasts with our crepes and espressos. Felt a little dirty too meaning clean not moral. So, a mixed review for this one. Was not amazing enough to draw me back in.
For a great pizza joint across the street, this can't be beat. The atmosphere is always relaxed. Not loud or boisterous. If you're not satisfied they'll make it right. Beer and wine available and a few good desserts too. The pizza crust is superb!
My drink always perfect here and the staff is overall fantastic. I'm here daily.  I study here also. Temperature is normally good. And kept clean
Great friendly service!  My cheat day was better then expected! It's absolutely a must! Get the white pizza!
This place is AMazing!! My favorite pizza place !! the people that work and owner are one of a kind. Great service and food.
Best pizza place in town- Great food, great people! Can't ask for more....................
Good food. Pizza, wings and salad. Next time Alfredo or Ziti!Great customer service and reasonable prices.
Kiddi got Bananas Foster Crepe & I got the Rebel Special..yummmmmm!Two stars b/c they only have sweet fillings & the crepe itself falls apart.
Favorite place to get crepes!! I love how their ice creme is from Thrifty's, it makes it even better!
Soo yummy! Love coming here when we are in Las Vegas! Everything from Waffles to Crepes is delicious. Plan on trying everything from here. Love that it's clean and everything is done with care and not sloppy.
I love the fresh baked goods!!  They come out at 6:30am everyday nice and hot!!But the store does stink from time to time like raw meat that is slowly getting bad.
Always great food and friendly service. Love this place. Don't forget your stamp card.
The best gourmet Syrian cuisine in town, you have to get fatet mouzat. The atmosphere is great, big windows that over look Parc Ave. The service is good, but I always prefer an Arab waiter to take my order, since I'm Arab, in an Arabic restaurant, and ordering becomes more of a social conversation. But they don't seem to pay attention to that, and I've almost always had a Canadian waiter.
Try the fleur de sel cookie! AMAZING! Gotta love all natural ingredients. Makes you feel good about eating sweet treats. Great bakery!
Great sandwiches. Always a good crowd!Parking is a little tight. It's a great spot for a meeting with a client.
Croissants melt in your mouth. Also ordered the avocado melt on a cheddar cheese biscuit..delicious. I couldn't finish the whole thing but it was rich and tasty. I'd come back, especially for the croissants!
Come play ball here they have 2 courts for b ball best park around Charlotte I come here about 5 days a week I wish more people knew about this park though you can walk your dog play tennis and there's a lake also which is really pretty in the fall time , the courts have lights to play after sunlight
For 60 cents you can add the Banana and Cream Belgian waffle to my breakfast. And that is exactly what I did!. And it was delicious! This is another great location. Service is always great and everyone is always nice. If I go to this location I like to go early because it does get pretty crowded. Even during busy time though I have never had bad service. Thank you IHOP!
Plenty of shoes to choose from.  Staff was nice and helpful.  Prices range from moderate to expensive.
Picked up 2 doz.@3pm on a thurs. All stale hard as a rock, waited about 3 good minutes before employee noticed me, he came over didn't speak a lick of English .  Who sales stale crap for a profit?  this was far west on Sahara close to Ft.Apache at exactly 3pm on a Thursday be afraid be very afraid....
NOT open on time on a Saturday morning. What a disappointment.  We have eaten here several times and always have to explain what we want. Not hard, just substitute a bun for biscuit.  But just now they are looking at us from inside but not opening the door
Excellent chicken, very friendly staff, very nice environment.  This place is great.The waffle fries are fantastic.
All of the smokey chipotle and poblano specials look amazing @mmMyersPark. I love the location. Easy parking behind and underneath. There is a huge school bus for seating in the center. I'm always amazed at how consistent the quality is at all the MM's. I love the Shrimp Salad special with juicy carmelized onions and roasted poblano peppers. Of course since I went salad I splurged on the hot pretzel appetizer.
Great food and great service. Very impressed. When you ask to replace potatoes with a salad it's $2 extra but you get a beautiful big salad with many vegetables and a great dressing. There is a terrace outside in nice weather. Usually there is a line but if you go early enough or as a couple, you can often get a table.
No Mas no mas, but Lord that was good!  Endless quantity of good variety, better than usuall local buffet quality food. Though Norm R who took me for my birthday thought they were having "an off night", it was the best buffet I've been to in Phoenix in some years, surpassed perhaps only by the casino buffet at I think Wild Horse Pass of a couple years ago.  Probably six variations on shrimp, attractive and tasty fresh made sushi/sashimi, unlimited crab legs (though I've never wanted to work that hard for that small quantity of meat!), salmon and at least 2 other whole fish offerings, a small "meat bar" where you chose your own small small steak or other and had it grilled to your specs, an absolutely perfect, mouth-wateringly juicy prime rib, numerous asian and veggie dishes of no particularly great distinction, but all well-made and satisfying.  Bonus points to the staff  who kept our water glasses full and plates promptly cleared throughout our stay, despite having a very full house to attend to.  At I believe roughly $20 each for adult evening dining, it wasn't as cheap as some asian buffets in the area, but the quantity, as in sheer number of offerings and quality was superior to most. Considering the servings are unlimited in portion and number, it's a bargain for big eaters, and  suffering from that bent to "get one's money's worth" at an all you can eat establishment, I would be one BIG eater if I ate there often, as were a number of the other customers at the well-filled establishment on the night we went. Note there are significantly less expensive prices for lunch, for children's dining, and a senior discount as well.  You can also find coupons for additional discounts on their web site.Avoid the temptation to try a little bit of everything - there's just too much!  But go hungry, eat heartily, and leave well-filled and satisfied, hopefully feeling as I did that "Lord, that was good!" Based on my experience: Highly recommend.
Chili's baby back ribs! The new chicken bowls and mango lemonade! Bar staff are great only ever sat their. New tablets are different! Not open late enough, maybe the neighborhood.
Kevin Burke is phenomenal! If you've been in any long term relationship the humor will hit very close to home.  Highlighting the why men and woman are so different and backing it up with..... "SCIENCE". Lol
Line is long but coffee is totally worth it.
I'm thankful for the auto-fill on my Rx and the reminder phone call when it's ready.This location is relatively clean and I like the proximity to Safeway-- that way I like to do my drug-pick-up and grocery shopping all in one stop.  Make sure to get a membership card.  I regularly get coupon perks via email.  Most recently I was able to stock up on nail polish on sale due to discontinuation (some at 75% off!!) and also stack the $4 off $20 coupon.  Also, make sure to grab a ad insert at the front of the store to identify the promo events.  When there's a sale, there's a sale!
Very good with the kids highly recommend! And very great staff up front helped my wife and pick out our glasses. We will return for years to come.
Amazing as ALWAYS!! Italian Grinder and Hot Pastrami. We go to Eegee's every chance we get!
Love their macaroons! Their other pastries are excellent too, their soups are great, just super rich.
Love this place. Great Cakes and pastries!! Great prices for a lot food. Love the Chocolate Strawberry Truffle cake.
Great macarons -- a bit pricey, but delicious.     Beautiful pastry and cakes.Great place to pick up pastries.
Great food and desserts but slow service. Love their paninis and my kids love the french macaroons.Last time, I did not have a good experience there. Not sure if I will go back. The slow service was even slower when my son asked for chicken noodle soup and about 10-15 after I ordered, someone came to my table asking if he could just give more veggies and chicken. He then found noodles but said it would take 5 minutes..a while later (and after I was already done with my lunch), his soup was brought out. All he wanted was noodle soup and French fries and the annoyed woman behind the counter said the fryer was broken. I think she was having a bad day.
Can't go wrong with anything at this bakery! The chocolate cake is amazing!!! The service is good. A little tough to find the shop but worth finding.   The prices are very reasonable, better than I expected for the quantity and quality.
The slowest chipotle by far, be ready to wait ...It was Saturday evening and the place was packed!!! The line was going out the door. I am used to long lines at Chipotle, but they usually move pretty fast. People who work there are always very quick and on top of their tasks. Well not the case here. I understand that work area needs to be cleaned and more food ordered, but when you have 20 people waiting in line forever you have to move. My bf walked over to Paradise Bakery, waited in line there, had his sandwich prepared, walked back and still waited about 5-8 minutes with me. Only I I wasn't that hungry, no way I would wait that long
Good: the music. Bad: hot. crowded. pricey covers. beyond-ghetto clientele. dirty. I have given this club plenty of chances but I have yet to change my mind about it.
Best burger in town!!! These guys nailed it again!When things happened and The Boys moved I was sure that we would be losing some of the best food in town. Man, was I surprised! How do you improve on The Best .... Well they did and how! I have taken two people back to the West side to enjoy The Best Burger In Charlotte!  The other menu selections are fantastic as well.... All three of us will be back for more!
Best rated burger joint with price and quality hands-down. It may not look like a whole lot from the outside, but you should be able to tell my the locals mixed with visitors it's a hot-spot.- Friendly servers and atmosphere- Quality food- Can be a bit messy, careful!- Reasonably priced- Parking can be tricky- Check the photos!You can easily get lunch for two under $20 with drinks and starter.I finished up a Spartan Race and headed over to Pinky's to recoup. I needed a massive amount of protein and some potassium for my aching body.I ordered up some some fried pickles because they usually hit the spot when your starving and don't take long to get to your table. Greg's pickles ($3.95 small) were tasty but not my favorite part of the meal, just too greasy.I love the whole concept of ordering burgers here, basically you pick 1-3 5oz patties and choose from three styles and can add any additions. EVERYTHING includes mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion & dill pickles. I ordered the WESTSIDE which comes with mustard, chili, slaw & onion. You can also pick DING DONG STYLE with crunchy peanut butter, honey-cilantro slaw and hot sriracha sauce. Whatever floats your boat!The Mammoth westside style ($5.75) was such a beast. It wasn't very wide but was quite the skyscraper. Can you say jaw fatigue? It really hit the spot. My wife picked up the Green Chile Pork ($6.25) and we both loved it. You can't go wrong with marinated pork grilled with pineapple slices, melted swiss cheese, arugula and jamaican mayonnaise on a seeded bun. The sauce had so much flavor and pineapple added such a boost.I loved this place, although I could have went without the pickles. This will be a place I stop at often when in the area!
Buffalo Shrimp Tacos! Get them! Then come back and get them again!
Great burgers. Relaxed atmosphere & good prices. The staff was really nice , it's pretty kid friendly.  A lot of interesting drink choices and I really liked the music & the decorations made it different from other burger places. I would like to go back . :-D
Love the atmosphere and the beer selection...the natureboy was delicious! The building is adorable with a old vw bettle on top! The servers are all nice,and we have enjoyed this place on datenight with good friends!
Food is okay, nothing to write home about, servers seem like their mad at the world! Sitting outside on a warm day in the shade, good environment
Great burgers...never leave disappointed. Went the other night had a great burger and the fries pickles were awesome.....I love the fact that you never see the same server twice during your meal....it's like server roulette.....always my go to place for a good burger.
Awesome hush puppies great service wife loved it and I will go back!  The place is kinda a neat environment and the staff is all tatted up which adds to the cool factor.
Great food - Even better price for what you get...The burgers are some of the best in the city  + the wings and blu cheese are cooked perfect & flavor fantastic - Go!!!
Get the charcuterie plate! It's fantastic.The braised octopus was nothing to write home about, but the crispy pork belly was delicious.Great service, nice wine selection, tasty food.
These guys rock. Fixed my i5 glass super fast. Nice clean friendly place. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Hidden gem in downtown chandler. Cozy breakfast and lunch  spot. A must try spot.  Outside patio is nice. Prices are reasonable.
Delicious food!! Love the outdoor set up too! If you're looking for a more "mom and pop" feel with bomb food this is the place.
Awesome place to find cute staff from the past but still look chick. I get 15% off every-time I check here :)
This place would fit in nicely inside a upscale casino hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Except then, the prices would be 40% higher! Worth the trip out here, even if you are a tourist or visitor. The restaurant is actuall just a couple of minutes off the i-15 at the Silverado Ranch blvd exit. An omelet with steak was almost platter sized, biscuits & gravy was yummy as well. Service was friendly, and the place is very clean. I will be back!
Very good hidden gem for breakfast! Nice atmosphere and in the heart of Southern Highlands!
Great food, coffee and service. It's mom and pop places like this that should be supported.
Love this place! Great food! They are opening a new location off 215 and flamingo closer to my house. Yaaaay!
Great service good food would I go again YES.! Do I recommend this for others yes It's prices are inline with others
Best breakfast in town! Great service too! Food always come out perfect!French press coffee is awesome! And you cant get enough of the pot of bread!
Awesome food, good people. Love steak and egg. Steak and omelet is awesome with the sauce on the side. Highly recommended
Solid choice for breakfast food!  Friendly staff great environment!  The fresh squeezed orange juice is excellent!
Over priced place. Food is mediocre. Servers wear pjs which Is cute I guess. Some waitresses really look like they just rolled out of bed though.
Awesome breakfast place.... nice decor and Lavazza coffee! The breading on chicken fried steak was perfectly seasoned and it was nice to automatically have gravy on the side to prevent the steak from getting mushy. Salivating just thinking of the food again!
Good food, just a little expensive.  Almost as much as the prices on the strip.  Sitting on the weekend is a little tight, nice and clean place.
Love this place!! Absolutely amazing food and service! Always a good experience and a great time for my family and I to come have a delicious meal together. Place is deforested sooo cute also, looks like they put a lot of time and effort in to making it the way it is! Keep it up rise and shine!
AMAZING! they have great food & customer service, I had red velvet pancakes with eggs and sausage on the side, it was my first time trying red velvet pancakes, I was a bit skeptical but they were amazing very warm and they were just soooo fluffy and delicious! A little pricy but honestly well worth it. I would eat there again and again and again
Just go to Rise and Shine, you'll give it 5 stars too! Great service, quaint environment, and delicious food. Beware this little cafe is a hot spot for Sunday breakfast and brunch so plan accordingly. Well worth the wait!!
Good food but they charged an arm and a leg for guac and sour cream. #dislike. Came on a Monday for $2.50 burritos and $1.25 tacos which was great food
Lion fish ceviche es sensational! Such a delight, what a delicacy! Caesar salad to die for. Caesar salad has poached egg, parmesan cheese, black garlic and anchovy of course. The spices on the Caesar are phenomenal. One of the beat I have ever experienced. Great groupon deals for dine in and store products right now.
Tacos and Tequila! Try her new Honey Margarita it is pretty good. Of course there was a Groupon Now! offer that I wanted to use. Friends have spoken of this place and said it was as fun as Fuego Bistro (behind Kobalt for all my Folk out there). I Love the tostadas from Bistro. At Fuego Taco the blonde chick behind the bar and the nice sexy looking girl seemed to be the only two working the whole entire restaurant by themselves. At first I was a bitt nervous. Of course I thought service would be terrible because of the limited staff but was I wrong. Our waters were first with a nice little flip of the hair and on to drink recommendations. She mentioned her new margarita and I was tempted to try. Not within 3min she had it at the table. And this drink is very very tasty. We decided on the Carne Asada/Short Rib Barbacoa and would share the two. Both were great but I would pass on the rice next time. I could not thank the two that were working that night. You two were EXCELLENT!!!
Very pleasant! Unpretentious, charming, and good food. Pleasant staff. Not easy to find unless you know where to look. (Your phone may find it for you)
I love this place! They are the most considerate company. I want to shout from the rooftops! They really care about people and want them to have a good experience. The lobby was clean. The bathrooms smelled really good, I almost wanted to hang out in there longer. But that would be weird.
Great place, perfect stress relief mantra.The masseurs are very professional and the place is very quiet.Definitely recommend if you are looking for a good massage. Price is also very reasonable. Definitely going back.
The avocado is mashed,  it makes a great substitute for mayo!this subway has excellent service, the staff is always friendly and helpful.  I had the Roast Beef on wheat, and when i at first asked for regular lettuce then changed my mind to spinach leaves, my sandwich pro scraped it off with a smile! I've never been a huge fan of subways bread, its soft and chewy, but lacks a hard outer crust.  The rest of the sandwich was good, and i will definitely be returning
Parking can be tight, so arrive early.This review is for the old, original theatre not the beautiful new one.I'm an alumni of the original LVHS on 7th and Bridger, so I was looking forward to visit my old stomping grounds.  I'd forgotten how few parking spaces there are and didn't realize there was so much road construction.  Good news is that it was a bright, sunny day and i have to admit I enjoyed walking the block.Despite looking aged, I have good memories of this auditorium and am giving it a nostalgic 4-stars.  Go Wildcats!
Incredible dessert case!  Solid lunch place for sandwiches on wonderful homemade bread.  Dessert case is studded with amazing sweets!
Love their chips and salsa !!!! Great food and great prizes, I lived near Nacho Daddy for 10 months before going there to eat. I had read some reviews and they weren't all that good but one day we decided to give it a chance and man o man was the food great. And all the waiters are super friendly.
I'm just not a fan...not of the food and not of the service. There are way too many other authentic Mexican restaurants in LV
Good food good service. Ordered enchalada nachos and grilled cheese. Sad that the chorizo nachos were not on the menu.
This shop is CLOSED‼& I understandOut of business....too bad as Deana was a great owner & an asset to the Gold Canyon community
Chicken chop salad is a must try. With so many dinner options in Scottsdale it's surprising that I've chosen True Food about 50x. This is our go-to place for quality whole foods with perfect portions. We always leave feeling good. The service is great too which can be hard to come by around here. It's children's menu is great! My 2-year old loves their pizza. She won't eat delivery now because she knows what GOOD pizza tastes like. Way to make a lifetime customer True Food!I love taking out-of-towners here. Especially those who normally like a gut-bomb at dinner. Their relieved satisfaction at the end of the meal always makes me feel good. That, combined with the tasty food in my tummy :)
Good for the health nut. Have Vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options. I love love love the cucumber martini!  Red Chili Shrimp but I swap the shrimp out for chicken... delicious choice if you like spicy noodles.  Sausage pizza is yummy and the shaved turkey is to die for!  My husband is in love with the kale salad side too!  Kale-aid is delicious if you are looking for healthy and non alcoholic.
Come during off-peak hours! Great for vegetarians!I've had mixed experiences at True Foods, which is why it was downgraded from a 4 to a 3.  We came for Sunday brunch a couple of times - the food was great and the environment was nice.  We had dinner one Saturday night around 8 or 9 - the service was horrible and the food wasn't cooked well.  As in, the fish was completely dry and we were very disappointed in the experience.We just went back yesterday for a late lunch/early dinner (4pm).  We were immediately seated.  We requested outdoor seating, which I immediately regretted when I realized it was still HOT in the shade even.  As an appetizer, we had the vegetable crudites - I highly recommend this appetizer.  You can get the small or large.  The small feeds two pretty perfectly.  It comes with a house-made ranch and a house-made kalamata olive dip.  Both are great!As main courses, my boyfriend had the brown rice/tofu bowl and I had the TLT (tempeh, lettuce, and tomato).  His was okay - had a bit too much orange flavor for our liking.  The tofu was very chewy and seemed fried, even though our waitress assured us before ordering that it wasn't.  The TLT was good - lots of tempeh.  It appeared to be store bought (like fakin bacon), but may have been house made.  The sandwich had lots of avocado, tempeh and tomato.  It also came with a side order - half kale salad and half sweet potato hash.  Both sides were okay.  The sweet potatoes were under seasoned.  The kale salad tasted a lot like coconut oil, which they must use as their rub.  I mixed the two together.Overall, the food was good.  If I was feeling less lazy (which I obviously wasn't when I was going out to eat), I could make it all at home, but the meal was quick and easy and so I give my kudos to True Foods for redeeming themselves.  Maybe we'll be back.
The "TLT" is so delicious!!! Although it wasn't my first choice, I couldn't have been happier with the sandwich! OMGoodness!!! I've never had Tempeh before (and quite frankly I didn't even know what it was, lol) but I decided to try something else and new... 'cause... why not?! But let me just tell you... it was like eating bacon!!! Wow! Something vegan that tastes like bacon?! Sign me up!!! I couldn't even tell it wasn't a BLT sandwich it was so yummy. Now the sides -- the Kale salad was absolutely phenomenal! The lemony dressing gave it just the right amount of citrus-y umph to make it mouth-watering. And the sweet potato hash... sweet and yummy! (I would almost eat their sweet potato hash for dessert, lol). The pairings of the salad and sweet potato hash with the sandwich was perfection! On to dessert... We ordered the lemon tart with strawberries and coconut cream whipped topping... WOW!!! The tart lemon flavor with the fresh strawberries and sweet coconut cream whipped topping gave it just the perfect balance of flavors. And I've never had coconut cream whipped topping -- I thought I was in heaven! :) True Food Kitchen never disappoints and I suggest and recommend to try anything on the menu... It's all super healthy and absolutely delicious. This was my second visit to True Foods THIS WEEK and will definitely be back again... Sooner rather than later.
Absolutely  this place !!! I could eat here everyday and still stay fit! Just great taste! Love the crudete!!
Amazing facilities!Train ride is cute and realistic.My son loves to go to school and take a ride on the train when he gets good grades.
This place is totally worth a visit. You won't be disappointed. Awesome chicken! You might even be able to catch a movie ;-)
This is one of our go to places as we head out to the state park to hike the mountains. Traditionally a great breakfast place, but we did lunch.The burgers were ok. Homemade tasting buns. I had the chili burger, the chili was luke warm, yet it saved the burger. Service was excellent. I give it a 4-star because the years of coming here this was the first time there have been issues with the food. We will come again.
Don't waste your time emailing the manager because he won't respond. Nor will he attempt to resolve your problem.
Sometimes it takes a flat tire kind of day to remind us that there are angels among us. Best service ever. So convenient. So helpful.
Huge portions.. Great taste.. And very good pricing! I picked it up and was hot and fresh! Would definitely order from here again!
Food was good! Service was alright! Would defiantly come back. We we're say promptly. Server came to the table to get drinks. Soon after we ordered. Food took a while but they were busy. Can't complain I'm happy over all!
Good happy hour but not a fan of the food. Even the chips and salsa wasn't appealing.  Tried a couple of times but not the same as the McDowell or Mckellips road location
I love this stuff. Works great all the time on all and everything. The sales reps were very informative on what it works on and how. And even gave me a great deal. At the end of the pitch I felt as if he was my friend and actually cared about my belongings.
I loved how spicy everything was! Service was quick and the food was good. The never ending chops and salsa were a good start to our lunch.
I love this place! Best pad Thai and Thai tea! Clean and wonderful staff! I've been going here for years and they never disappoint me. These other recent reviews are crazy and seems like all negative. Hey only Asians are the ones that know what good Asian food is suppose to taste like
Perfect is all that need be said no pressure very helpful if you are truly looking for a new vehicle I recommend you go to fairway
Finally went for the first time. AMAZING, 4x2animal animalfries choco shake. YUM, will definitely be adding this to one of my post workout go tos. The employees are great, the food is fresh, and I love the fries.
Fast & friendly service, consistently delicious, always a favorite!  Parking is convenient and the single fries portion seems bigger than other In N Outs.
Yummmo great burgers what can I say want a good no great burger go here for one you will be hooked
Stopped in for a beer and it was delightful. Service was fast at the bar and it was reasonably priced.
Slow and horrible service.  40 mins to take our order and no silverware. This is not looking good.  Grrr
Great service & food was on point. The staff is extremely friendly & they are hiring if anyone is interested.
Great food, and great service. I could eat here every day and not get tired of it. Their teriyaki sauce is bomb. Once you try it your addicted.
Overly priced but very yummy and addicting... Staff is always very quick at making any drink without thinking twice. Not to include how well the staff and customers interact making you feel very comfortable and welcomed
Great coffee but the wait is long. The coffee here is 5 times better than Starbuck's, but the speed could use some work. I usually wait in line for about 10 minutes, sometimes more. The ladies who work in there are nice, but sometimes they are a bit short. Either way, if I have a little extra time in the morning, I head to Human Bean.
Had the southwestern shrimp burro and crab relleno.  It was very good!  Margarita was okay.
Always good food and service. I had Muedo and taste like mother in laws my sister has Chili Verde a taste wonderful.
Best Mexican food in the area!! Only problem is the restaurants to small. The staff is friendly love the Moreno's burrito, shrimp tacos with the pineapple salsa, cheese enchiladas and the shredded beef tacos.  We just try to get there early for dinner!!
The pizza here is delicious! One giant slice = 2 sclices with a drink for only $4.25... love it! I was completely blown away with this place as its a small business in the middle of a shopping center. Dont expect the greatest of quality like Papa Johns, but suprisingly its just like an old fashion New York Pizza, and cheap too. Oh  and another thing that hooked me was their cheesy bread, the dough was nice and soft and didn't get stale right away like most other places. PLUS, they are not stingy at all when you order a side of ranch or marinera sauce (3 to 4 oz) which most people would charge for or give you a small side.. I totally recommend eating here!  :)
Best cup cakes and chocolate covered bacon you will ever eat hands down!! Another bad ass hole in da wall place!
It was ok. Felt like it is too over priced for what you get. I am a chocolateaholic and for the chocolate cupcakes that I got its nothing crazy.
Excellent dinner and a show!!!! We were very impressed with the rib eye. Call ahead and get outside seating.
Great pizza. Good atmosphere and wine specials. Always great service. The place is a small with outside seating as well. The little nicki is one of my favorites
This place is perfect if you hate NY bagels and love frozen bagels.As a NYer I was excited to try this place out, but it was disappointing.
Kind staff & tasty bagels. Would recommend it to anyone looking for authentic bagels & deli fare.
Don't waste your time with reservations, they don't work.   Go to O`Donohues, much friendlier atmosphere.
Food is above average. Bartenders lack personality it's all about pushing drinks. They are faux friendly and can't wait for closing. Owner is wonderful staff not so much.
Worst drive thorough in the entire world. If it's busy people can't get in people can't get out, It causes traffic.
Good selection of food and convenient. I liked the rice and coconut shrimp, waiters were friendly and no wait to sit down
horrible human being! disgrace to auctioneers! do not consign or bid with this fool! very condescending as well!
Tout ce  que j'ai commandé :un  hamburger frites étaient vraiment mauvais . Je n'ai pas aimé ce café java .
I've been here about four times now. I've always been happy with the results, for $3.99 eyebrow threading this can't be beat.
Friendly, fast, efficient and affordable. I had iPhone and iPad repaired. :) They know what they're doing. I'll go back to these guys for sure.
Great fast service! Good prices. Got everything that was promised. iPhone 5 screen was cracked and the LCD was damaged. Edison helped us out a lot on the phone and in person. The building is a bit hard to find but once you do, you will be satisfied.
Thank you Edson for a great service. Desert wireless the cheapest price to fix my iphone in town. Professional work done on my phone.Great service! Very helpful, friendly and Very Affordable!! Highly recommend.
Best repair shop I have ever seen was drunk and dropped my phone close to the strip even called a cab
Fast fast fast! Phone looks brand new! Great place! Well worth the price! Would recommend this place to anyone!
Fast service and fair price for my cracked iPhone 5 screen. Highly recommended.  A little tricky to find but they sent me A photo of the building to make finding them even easier.
Great customer service. They finished a cracked I phone in 20 minutes. Highly recommend.
Great and fast service! Took care of me right away. My galaxy had a broken screen and lcd and I got it fixed in less than 30 min. I called around to see who had a better price and no one else did but desert wireless. def. Will keep coming here for all cell phone issues.
This place is awesome..best price in town,fast,very good customer service!and i got a free screen protector
Fast service with great customer service. Highly recommend their services. They were quick with fixing my phone, had a nice cool waiting area. Even had games to play while waiting!
Great service and prices. The people are very kind, listen very well, and try to help with any problems the best way they can. The warranty allows you to have peace of mind when receiving the repair. The store also has tons of accessories for different phones. Overall, it's a nice place.
I always bring my phones tablets here and these guys just fix them .... Just call them and they will work with you.... The prices are well within reason forget Apple store
I was heading to Vegas from Maryland and dropped my phone. No time to fix it before heading to Vegas. Spent the entire day traveling but found this place on Yelp, and reviews were pretty good. Fast service, great price, screen works fine!
Great service and my repair was done in a decent time frame!!! They have a very well educated staff and their prices are the lowest that I have come across. I had to get my screen fixed as well as the LCD and it was very well priced. The location may be difficult to find but just give the shop a call.
Very average food for above average prices with service levels of ok to god awful. Unfortunately not a lot of great breakfast places in the DR area. Hopefully someone will come and give these guys some competition to elevate their game!
Excellent food and a always friendly staff. My personal favorite being the arizona burger. With cripsy jalapeños and lettuce  and vibrant tomotoes and onion you can tell they are using high quality ingredients.
The crew here is great and Alex is awesome.they know me by name and that make my day.
Totally and utterly delicious. Highly recommend. Make sure you are hungry or take someone to share with.  I definitely would have been happy with just the one half.
When you step in you feel like you are in rural North Carolina!  Great happy hour prices.  Rib tips good.. Can't beat nice people and dollar pbr all the time!!!  Location has moved and it is for the better. More space and nicer environment.
Best breakfast in a LONG time. Highly recommend this wonderful mom and pop diner.  If you're looking for a great breakfast spot with wonderful staff, don't pass this up.
Stephanie did a great job with the wash/scalp massage!!! Very impressed. I have curly thick long hair, and she did a great job styling it. The salon workers were all very kind, on time, and sure to make sure I loved my hair...which I did!
I can't live without this place! My daughter and I go here religiously. Our eyebrows always turn out great. We live pretty far from here but we make the trip for these ladies to hook us up.
I loved going here! Everyone made me feel welcome. My addiction to physique was born in this gym! I highly recommend investing in a personal trainer though. They teach you to have confidence in the gym!
"Free Estimate" cost us $50!!!! What a scam. He came in, looked at the situation, changed a light bulb, and said it didn't qualify to be an estimate so that would cost us a service charge!?!?!  Conveniently he couldn't get ahold of his boss, so that cost us $50 when we feel it should have been free. Not cool.
Sure you are sorry. He did not fix anything at all. Nada! All he did was talked to you on the phone, charge the credit card and leave. If he says otherwise please make a three way phone call I'd like to hear that.
So very good!  Pancakes, chorizo breakfast burrito w homemade jalapeño cilantro salsa, everything is terrific.  My kids love it too.  Wish it was closer to my house.
Breakfast was incredible! The waitress was nice and attentive. The crowd was very mixed. I will definitely be going back.
Their pizza and wings suck. The pizza is way Greecey & thin crustwhich isn't crispy but soggy.  The wings are soggy not to mention only a couple of flavors. The order taker sucked had to repeat myself.  Took over 40min for orderto arrive.Wings are great from Palanos on tbird must try Chipotle raspberry bbq, however didn't like their pizza either.
Best Mexican food in Charlotte Thursday's are $1 taco night!!!! Guacamole is fresh and very delicious! !!
Friendly faces and good sandwiches. Best place to grab a superquick bite and eat on patio.
if I could give them negative stars I would. unprofessional, rude and all around bad service.
Service is ok. Most waitresses are young and cute.  Food is expensive.It all tastes ok.   Spaghetti shouldn't cost so much.Nice environment and decor inside the dining room.I won't return unless I win the lottery.  It's ok but hella pricey. How can people afford to eat at places like this?  We need tax increases if people can afford this.
Coffee shop w dozen beers on tap.  Great for the coffee drinking Harley contingent.
Best pizza for the value, hands down! Nice clean atmosphere and great bar menu. Staff is always courteous. Just a nice place to go for a night out with the family or friends
Great place for lunch! Do pizza by the slice busy so it's always fresh and staff is nice happy customer.
The "Rising Sun" is going down!The burger was awesome and very reasonable. The patty was cooked perfectly and all of the ingredients were fresh and flavorful. I was pleased to say the least! But let's get to the best part of the meal...what I think was the most important part....THE MILKSHAKE! Swear to all that is good in this world, the best milkshakes in the world live here! It's like they invented them and then perfected them by adding alcohol. I had the peanutbutter shake (don't remember the name, too busy destroying it!) and it was amazing. If I could consume 2 shakes in one sitting, it would have been done!
8.5 draft beer, Cuban street tacos, nom nom burger (Kobe beef) ,   Shoestring fries, billionaire burger ( Kobe beef& foie gras).What a busy place..... We went here for mid day snack before dinner at 8.   My husband loved his burger The Billionaire burger consists of Foie Gras.  He's been craving for it.  He mentioned on the drive to vegas, he has to find a restaurant that serves Foie Gras.  Everyones burger is outstanding, I couldn't finished a burger so I decided to order the Cuban Street Tacos, big mistake!! it was so oily - gross, greasy -gross, the shredded chicken was so dry - gross!  I excused myself and went back to the Pai Gow table.The Restroom was so so filthy, no toilet papers, and paper towels were thrown everywhere.  I went out and let one of the staff know.  And she got right to it.  Thanks!!!
Best burgers in Vegas.. The Gold Standard is classic!!! The shakes are my new favorite part of the restaurant though. The coffee and cake shake is to die for and the fact that they mix bacon with chocolate simply blows your mind.
The Billionaire Burger. That's all you need to know. Atmosphere is OK. Right across from Marquee in the Cosmo but service is spotty they operate like a Red Robins. Apps are creative above average overall. Wagyu truffle oil butter foie gras is the mark of the beast.
The food was good, but it didn't live up to the hype. Plenty of better restaurants around.
Great food and great service.  Had The Rising Sun.  Great burger! Enjoyed the ambiance and our waitress was great!
The burgers were juicy and good. Also, the shakes were delicious and original. I would definitely come back here and eat again. The Holstein Lager was smooth tasting and a crisp finish.
Great Popcorn Shrimp, lager and service. Was only there for appetizer but like the environment.  I hope to try the burger next time.
I love this place I've purchased 5 cars there always great service friendly staff. I purchased quite a few jeeps I'm on my 3rd a 2014 rubicon I love I would recommend it awesome Jeep.
Fastest moving post office I have been to in AZ; also the friendliest! Convenient location, clean, again I reiterate the cleanliness and fast service!
The wait is finally over!!!! Super b is finally open!!! I just had some bomb a#= green chile pork tacos! They were to die for lol. Going bk very soon.
They're open again!   Hours Mon-Sat 7-7Closed Sundays(702)597-0550Love this place
Very fresh salad, great herb wrap, very friendly staff.
Best mussels in Madison.  Seriously the best mussels in town. I have tried them all. Great service, and great ambiance.
There are two other Starbucks in the airport, don't go to this one the line is too long. One is in baggage claim and the other is just before you go through securityIn addition, while I rarely get food at Starbuck's I was excited to see vegetable frittata on the menu at this locale. Sadly, there were no detectable veggies in said frittata. Most disappointing.
Be prepared for a longer than normal wait. Understaffed which is leading to burnt coffee and slow service. I have to say that  I use this Starbucks basically every week as I prepare for my trip of the week. This has got to be the most difficult SBUX in Arizona, and yet the staff does there best to crank it out. My biggest complaint, they ask for your name when you order but then never call your name on the other end.....and in one of the countries largest and busiest airports there is going to be a couple of the same orders. Terminal 4C SBUX...keep your head up and call the weary travelers by name....
Best Sushi in Scottsdale! I've tried at least 5 other major Sushi restaurants in Scottsdale and Yume is by far my favorite. They have all the standard rolls and a few flavors all their own. They have an excellent happy hour menu and it's 7 days a week! You have to try the food here!
Great price for all the food! Quality is exceptional! The specialty rolls are an absolute must! The bento boxes are around $7 and really great for children!
Don't know why it says open til 2 am on Saturdays it's not. Annoying! Get your information accurate.
Worst service I have never seen, bad environment as well!!!especially for the underbred old guy checker!
This place was amazing and awesome to deal with!! I highly recommend this place!!  I had a quote elsewhere and then took to them for a quote. I went with them. They not only beat the price but they also did a fantastic job and had it complete when promised.  They were great!!!
If you order the royale, you cannot request an over easy egg. Fried only and over done.So I have this love, hate affair with all things diner. I love the nostalgia and the feel. I typically hate the food.The burgers here were just okay for me. It was hard for me to love and/or enjoy because I so bad wanted the Royale burger with my egg yolk all nice and runny but they couldn't and wouldn't make it like that. Something about health regulations. Must be all the old people and kids that eat there or something. Please explain why some places can do this and others cannot. However the patty was pretty moist and juicy and the toppings fresh and good.The fries were good, as long as they were hot. Once they got cold, forget about it. It was just not good.I also ordered a milkshake and I have to say one of the worse ever. I don't know what I was expecting because everyone was saying that their milkshakes were bomb. But they truly were the nastiest part of my lunch.I took it to go to be polite and threw it in the trash when no one was looking. It was like it was made from old ice cream that had melted and was refrozen, three or four times over. YUCK!I would only visit again if you twisted my arm and were a guest visiting and really, really had to go.I will say that this place is super cheap and super budget friendly.
I've heard about how great steak and shake was pretty much my whole life. Considering this location is on the other side f town from me, it took me a while to make it here. Boy was I disappointed though. I got th triple burger (no cheese, no bun), fries and a water. Dryest burger I've ever had. My toddler wouldn't even touch the fries. Who has ever heard of a toddler not eating French fries? Husband said his food wasn't very good either. (Wisconsin burger & fries w/Arnold Palmer). Husband ate the burger, left the fries and filled up on the drinks.
Good food, great value. I went with something more traditional "the original double and cheese burger". The shakes however are really good I would highly recommend the red velvet shake.
Got better.  Wooo! Tried again and happy with service and food. I will go a 3rd time.  Great shakes.  Very nice.  I even got silverware this time yay
Great service. friendly staff. Perfect location for me. good food and awesome shakes. The burgers are all good. You really can't go wrong with any of them. Personnel favorites are the Grilled Portabella N Swiss, Royale, Wisconsin Buttery and Western BBQ N Bacon. All of the shakes here are very good but i tend too stick with the Peanut Butter Cup and Butterfinger shakes
First time here and I think we'll be back for more! The line was long but the wait wasn't even that bad at all.
Great service and decent food. The shakes are really really good. I recommend this location if you want a decent shake.
Don't expect anything fast or served efficiently at this place! Still waiting at 50 minute mark for a burger while other customers walk out the door!Save yourself from this experience!Burgers finally arrived 75 minutes later after 11pm!No plans on returning, in fact I will picket outside if given the opportunity.Couldn't even get a glass of water for 20 minutes.If I had a camera you would see everyone walking out!
I got the double spiked The Buzz shake and it was so delicious.  It had some coffee flavored alcohol stuff in it.  The burgers were definately overpriced and I can't say it got my mouth watering.  It was good, but not my flavor.
Great breakfast Bloody Mary at excellent price along with real breakfast combos! Our server Julie was fabulous! Only problem is they can't get eggs over medium right! 2nd try and they keep coming back runny.
We had a great meal!!! Leon was the best!! We would definitely come back. I had the chicken parm sliders and salmon burger.
If you're hungry and nearby, eat here. If you have a pursuit for delectable food, don't.I had the Inferno, which was certainly the item on the menu that I am best suited at critiquing. Luckily, the jalapeños and spicy mayo were able to overpower the dull bun and unseasoned ground beef patty.The pickle that accompanied my hardly palatable burger was shriveled.Service was almost inexistent for me. Upon entering, nobody was at the podium so I sat at the bar. A girl greeted me and handed me a menu. I ordered a water and never received it, nor could I capture her attention to place my order.I found this to be an opportune time to use the restroom facilities, which are tucked in the far back and lack signage.Upon my return I moved to a different seat at the bar and another gentleman greeted me and I again order a water. He quickly turned around and I gave my order for the Inferno Burger to his back as he was typing it in.All in all, I won't come back here unless I'm hungry and need something quick, because the burger actually did come out rather fast after the order was placed.
I tried the strawberry shortcake Frappciano it was good near the food court  and theater in red rock
My new favorite lunch spot.  Oooooohhhhh soooo good!  I ordered the Panko Bento Box lunch and it was delicious.  Our waitress was super nice.
This was a nice neighborhood find. Good sushi and a cool atmosphere. Friendly waitstaff. We had gyoza and sushi rolls. Both were very good.
Have been here several times,  good food several choices, good for lunch and dinner. Soups, slats, sides, main dishes, desserts and sushi.  I always go for sticky buns, hot wings, sour soup.  Waitress always nice.
Very rub n lazy stuff. They couldn't have any tables ready for a birthday surprise party
Hockey and a bar.  Easiest review ever!Sadly yelp is requiring me to write more than my above review.  Simple sometimes Is better, like Brooksy's nothing crazy or over the top just awesome done right. The pizza is simple and delicious, I recommend anything and everything. Beer is cheap and delicious. Lots of TV's and hockey on them all.  Had a new server/waitress ( Rochelle) was awesome, high five go team go.
Fabulous! !! The best show i have seen in a while!! They definitely kept the audience engaged.  The only negative thing i can think of is i wanted it to be longer!!! I didnt want it to end!
Gourmet Buffet! Best Mac 'n cheese & amazing dessert bar!! YOU HAVE TO COME HERE!!!!!  I can not stop raving about this place!!!! ahhhh. I always come here when i visit Vegas..... i love the hotel too!!!
feels like eatting at hometown buffet! most food are super oily and creamy.  they charged $35 ...for such service and food quality , i dont think its worth it. best dish : watermelon o_O
Excellent buffet! Everything was fresh, hot, and portion sized! Get the salads and Korean galbi!I also enjoyed their huge slices of heirloom tomatoes, salt&pepper calamari, green beans, king crab, and huge selection of desserts!
Best buffet in Vegas!!!Took my sister here for her birthday...good food, good deserts well worth the price!!!
If you go a little after opening and it's not busy. The food will be cold and too salty - shame considering i went there 3 times 2 months ago.
Forget the casino where your wallet takes a pounding, this is where your body takes punishment. But look at yourself in the mirror, man, you did it to yourself. Leg of lamb, prime rib, wild boar, kalbi ribs, spicy shrimp, mac-n-cheese, gnocchi, cheeses, salads, breads, and then the... OK stuff, which is too much too mention. Eye in the sky sees you eating like a gluttonous pig. Pace self with sanctity. #foodslut
Very disappointing!!! Overly priced and very poor quality food! :(Came here after reading the reviews but feel let down.
It's pretty dead right now but they do pick up after 7. I thought this place was okay, I actually enjoyed the buffet at ARIA more. The selection was really nice, but I just wasn't wowed. The service was wonderful and that alone made it all worth it.  I'm not really trying to insult this place, I guess if I were a seafood person, I would be in heaven. I guess I was just expecting more variety.
Two lines for payment and tables.Food was good.. a lot of variety, but nothing which was outstandingly delicious. Felt that only the desserts lived up to the price they were charging. Service was very good though and so was the presentation of the food in tapas sized portions.
We definitely enjoyed the options at the dessert station.  The small bites are a nice way to try a variety of flavors.  Our waitress was attentive and the wait time for seating was minimal.
Amazing dinner buffet... With BONE MARROW!LOVED this buffet... definitely high up there and worth the money! At dinner they had a create your own mac and cheese section! Still comes second in my opinion to the ceasar's buffet, but delicious none the less.
1;14pm on a Saturday. No line!Service is attentive and friendly.Bone marrow was fantastic as usual. Dessert bar was huge and this time I took my time to sample everything. Well almost.Skip the asian food. Except for the rice congee. That's very good.Hit the roast beef and carvery station often.Free flow soft drinks and juice.I love this buffet.
Went for the breakfast open buffet.....speechless!! Awesome!!!!!! Will come back for sure!
one of the best buffets in vegas!!!  1st time here, wont be the last.  unlike the "more buffet", which serves 3 flavors of slop for dinner, along with hockey puck biscuits, and h2o..
Delicious quality food every time. Unique dishes its just awesome food!!!! Our favorites are the roast beef, angry mac and cheese and the dessert bar with gelato ice cream.
Good buffet quality food and not pricy at all.  Just very small. I liked the salads selection and the sea food was delicious !
Hands down the best buffet on the strip! That's all I can say!Yelp wants me to say some more! So here it is! Delicious! Scrumptious! Yummy! Delectable! Yummoh! Savory! Delish! Sarap! Schmeck! Delicioso! Savourer! Etch!
We luv this place! Been coming since it opened!  I  the Pineapple Martini. This place is definitely for adults & the atmosphere is awesome! John u did great!
Good music and quick service, what else is there to say. The seating are is nicely decorated.
Best martinis on the stripbest bar on the strip. As the name implies you feel like you are sitting in the middle of a giant chandelier. Great unique martinis....try the campfire with flaming marshmallows!And the people watching is great!
Went to see Jennifer Keith Quintet. Amazing atmosphere ez access from west garage. The Chandelier Bar has been created as an escape in the middle of a casino. It's really fun to hang out there. A glass of champagne will set you back 15 bux, and the other drinks were also mid-range. I was a cliche and ordered the Cosmopolitan. It was pretty fabulous. Highly recommend.
Best Old fashion on the strip.
TIP: Try the Verbena cocktail! Take a sip, chew the flower up really well in your mouth (it tastes kinda funny), and take another sip. Your mouth will tingle, and the tequila taste will be nice and sweet!I love all things at the Cosmopolitan, so this review may be a little biased.  The Chandelier bar fits in perfectly with the different venues and attractions to see at the Cosmopolitan.  Nestled right in the heart of the hotel's casino, The Chandelier bar is the perfect place to meet for a cocktail and have a good conversation.  I suggest getting comfy in one of the velvety chairs on the 1.5 floor (the floor in between the 1st and 2nd floors), grab a drink--the Verbena cocktail is quite a unique experience, and enjoy the scenery!The place is beautiful--as all things in the Cosmopolitan are!  The bar is built inside a ginormous chandelier--hence the name.  So it's real pretty to look at.  The first floor has a stage, where they'll occasionally play live music.  The second floor is pretty much ladened with club goers since its right across from Marquee.The service is great.  Buncha cuties behind the bar and sessy cocktail waitresses in silver mesh halter tops.  Super friendly.  The bartenders are definitely open to making suggestions or even making you your own special drink based off of your  taste.My only qualm would be their pricing.  Expect to pay ~$16 per drink + tip.  Sucks, but hey, you're in Vegas at one of the most beautiful hotels on the Strip, it's okay to splurge!
Beautiful lounge, delicious drinks and good crowd! I had such a great time there. Drinks were expensive but I didn't mind that at all because they were yummy. Had three drinks and I was all good...:)
The atmosphere is amazingly romantic! Love this bar! The bartender was fun and really made our night! Thanks!
My Favorite Bar in Las Vegas! Merry Merry! Get your exquisitly mixed cocktails here before checking in to your room or just come to savor the true difference between a bartender and a mixologist. This IS The Hottest Bar!
Love this store!!! Cannot say it enough! Their entire selection is incredible and customer service is excellent!
Its the worst restaurant in Vegas. Terrible  price terrible food!!I wont go there again....
So glad we found this place!! One of our new favorites! Service is outstanding and the food taste like down home country goodness.
My friends and I decided to eat here for dinner before heading to Marquee which was nice because the restaurant was straight across from the entrance. My boyfriend and I got some tacos and only one stood out.... I think it was called Viva China. Other then that the food was meh.... the famous fried rice was just ok... Also... Unless you LOVE vinager, DO NOT order the Huitlacoche Noodles! My friend ordered this dish and she mixed it, tried it, hated it... passed it around and we all tried it and it literally tasted like stuff soaked in vinegar. She told the waiter that she did not enjoy it and that we all tasted it and felt the same and the waiter told the manger who came by our table. The manager asked my friend, did you mix it?  and she said yes and he said something a long the lines of if you didn't know how to eat it, why did you order it and said there was nothing he could do.... really?!?!?!?!? we were a party of like 16 spending A LOT of money at your restaurant and he said he couldnt do anything for us???? wow.... 2 stars for convenience being right across from where we had to be/getting reservations for a large party 2 hours before showing up.... and 1 star for the Viva China... but I'd rather give 0 stars for the horrible customer service.
Pricey but really good.  I had the bbq pork (something) taco and it blew my mind. 6 bucks a taco but it was worth it.  Plus really cool art and design
Holy shit this meal was amazing!  Yea its pricy, but get over yourself.  40 veg fried rice is a must if you are staying at the Cosmo.  Would eat here anytime I win big!
Be warned - caterpillars in food. And the Manager on duty didn't really care. Food was tasteless. Maybe the caterpillar was there to add flavor. Should be renamed from Swallow a Cloud soup to Swallow a Caterpillar soup
A+ all around. Very interesting food, great wine and service. Top notch fine dining. Amazing timing from the wait staff: each course was delivered by several servers who set plates and removed covers in perfect syncopation. The preparation is each dish was so unique that we had difficulty identifying the ingredients, but delicious nonetheless.
Hmm... This is not a party it's a bunch of people standing around looking at each other. Some still in street clothes...I rolled into Marquee Dayclub on a Saturday afternoon with 3 other guys and was immediately disappointed by what I saw. I saw a bunch of people relaxing hanging out by the pool, I was expecting a pool party. I understand some people are just too good to actually have fun at a pool party but damn... Everybody?The DJ spun all techno but it was a special event so I don't think the music is always like that...The crowd was okay but nothing spectacular. I've definitely seen better at Tao Beach.Also as the sun starts to set (way before 5PM) it dips behind a building way too early in the day making it too cool to be at a pool in mid April.
It's was awesome  night with my wife on Monday The music there was so good
Lunch special is the bomb! For under 30 bucks, this place is awesome! A definite fancy place to check out without causing too much damage to your wallet or to your tummy. Quality of food is excellent, and just the right amount of food. It's a nice place to bring a date you would like to impress or with friends whom you like to enjoy fine dining with (without having to pay fine dining prices).
I'm writing this while I just finished eating here...The food was great ..but the service sucked . Never asked us how everything was. Every time   we wanted something it took a very long time
Must try this place. Great place for lunch. Grilled octopus was SUPERB! Lobster pasta is a must try as well as Milos' special
Press, hope you don't switch from awesome urban cookie / Ollie cakes to really not good Caketini.  Oops, too late.  You already did.At least you have those comfy leather chairs to hang out and chat.  Oops, you removed all of those and packed the place with really uncomfortable wooden ones instead.Thank goodness your baristas are all really nice helpful folks.  Oops, those folks left and were replaced with hipster kids that seem slightly annoyed to be waiting on you.
Slow service. Deposit money not returned once contract completed. Cheap products. Would not recommend the service.
Best BBQ in the Southeast. The Sides are as good as the BBQ.I am from Texas and I know good BBQ. You guys are the best in North Carolina.
Closest thing to real NC bbq I've ever had in this city.  I'll be back again.  Whole hog eastern North Carolina style with white slaw, or you can get the red slaw and dress that with Lexington style dip.
Tip: Super sweet honest owners unlike other places.  I've been here a few times already and the food has been pretty decent, but what I find noteworthy is the service. There aren't as many Vietnamese restaurants in this side of town except for another Pho place in the shopping center on the other side of the freeway. I've been to both, and I can say the people at Pho Little Saigon are way nicer. I've had the traditional Vietnamese dinner here with the Tamarind soup and the braised fish. The employees let us know that the soup wasn't going to have all the ingredients that we expect from the traditional meal since herbs and other vegetables are scarce/expensive. Going out of their way to buy the proper ingredients would lead to them being tossed out because the clientele typically stick to what they are familiar with. I appreciated the honesty instead of being surprised with substituted ingredients or omission entirely. The people are honest, attentive, and hard working. It's one of those places that you come back to because the food is good and you want to help the proprietors out.
I'll never choose a free meal again.. I will always choose safelight. Always choose safelight. Get it done right the first time .
$2 well drinks on Tuesdays and buy one get one free sushi rolls every day!With those specials it is easy to eat there. Fair warning-I don't think it is the freshest food in town and last time I was there another patron had her phone stolen from her table when she visited the restroom.
Great sushi. They give you a good portion and it's always buy one get one half off.  Cant beat that!
Not enough seating but great food and friendly service.  If the weather is good you can sit outside & people watch.  Prices are pretty good.
Good food, good price and nice place inside the casino.I have been there 2 years ago and now the quality still good.
My husband order some taco today and to salty.We just throw them away wasting money!!!
Will, Hector make a great pizza. Nice casual environment to enjoy a $5 pizza.  Buried on third floor of the Cosmo hotel surrounded by $$$ restaurant.  A definite "gotta go" for a excellent slice of real NY pizza
Super cool guys!! Perfect hangover food!!I love when the bottom of the pie is crispy but not burnt. Delish!!
Hit up some pizza after marquee.Dare you to find something better after leaving marquee within 2 min.Perfect spot with great pizza.Celebrate life.
The best pizza on the strip ! Meat lovers all the way. Never been here before glad we found it. Prices are great as well.  Make sure to stop here if sober or drunk pizza is bomb
Get there early, it lines up quick!This is definitely no secret anymore.  You have to be looking for it, but more people know about it these days than not.  The pizza slices are pretty fresh and a good size, however they are not out of the ordinary.  I can get this same style pizza, similar flavors, same price and quality in San Diego at over a dozen places.I would go again, as long as the line is not too long.  Its a good spot to check out for sure, however I don't know that it really lives up to the hype.  Its typical.
The pizza is a must every time you stay or visit the cosmopolitan. It is on the pricier side for a whole pizza but is all worth it's price. There isn't a sign for the pizza parlor but It's entrance is right be the elevator in front of the billiards table
Holy crap how can anyone give this place less than 5 stars. 5 stars 5 stars.  This place is called secret pizza for a reason it is hard to find but worth the search for sure.  The guy imports water from NYC to make it perfect.So this is amazing stuff, you must try it if you're a NYC pizza fan.  I usually just go plain cheese when in NYC as I love the purity of it, but he talked me into trying some with home made sausage and I wasn't disappointed.  I went back the next afternoon with a clear head and tried plain cheese (awesome) and mushroom (very good). It is sort of hard to find, it is on the 2nd floor near the east tower. Just ask once you get up stairs.
Very good pizza. Loved the record cover hallway. Fun to be in on the secret. It's a busy place with not much seating but there's a lounge area nearby that most people use.
So good,  a slice is filling!  This is a must stop on all future visits. It's on the 3rd floor,  not on the 2nd as I was originally told.  Very fast,  in and out to get your food
Great pizza must try in Vegas. Get a whole pie for leftovers. A cross from STK DOWN THE HALL.
Awesome piece of meat ball pizza for 5 bucks.  Some of the best tasting and most affordable foot in the hotel.  If the line is too long... just go to the mall across the street.  Lots of good for there also.
Great pizza worth what you pay!! White pizza is a must try! Hidden but if you find it you'll never forget it. Only wish they had more seating and wish there were more Secret Pizzas on the strip. Great pizza!!
Super delicious! Go and u shall see!A bit $$$ but don't forget you r in LV!Had the pepperoni and cheese pies. Both were very good. Very nice crust!
Hands down, Best pizza in town!!! I've gone to several local pizza joints around town and this one by far exceeds all of them. The ingredients they use and the way they make their pies are what sets them apart. The simplicity of it the place is also a plus to the zeal of them being called a "secret" spot. This place is gem.
Cheesy goodness! Buttery and savory! Tangy sauce. Spicey pepperoni pizza. Worth every penny. Worth the wait.
Good pizza, cool location, way too expensive. It's worth the stop considering everything else will cost you an arm and a leg plus your first born. Cool place, cool location, better value and pizza just up the blvd.
Awesome pizza! I'll be coming back :) It's very hidden so just look for the hallway entrance.
The best part is trying to find it! But it was worth the treasure hunt!  We got a slice of every pizza.... Our favorite was the white pizza.
No sign or direction to this pizzeria. So to locate: 3rd floor, in between Jaleo & Blue Ribbon Sushi. This a place for a quick nite after drinking. The the best pizza in LV but not the worst either. Simple thin crust with a good amount of toppings. I guess $5.50!slice is ok but when your feeding a party of six it's cheaper to order a whole pie.
A must stop every single time you come to Vegas. The best pizza in Vegas! The white pie is possibly the most delicious pizza I've ever eaten.
Fantastic and made from scratch ! So good ! I ordered two slices but wish I ordered more lol
Pizza was decent.. Not exactly mind blowing but a good snack if you're drunk.The success of secret pizza is its mystery factor.  A neat idea,  but the average pizza means this is just a one time visit for me.
This place is is awesome! The seafood plate and the island bbq mix are great!  In wash of the mentioned plates you get three meets/seafood. All the plates are served with macaroni salad, cabbage, mixed veggies and steamed rice.
Decent sushi for an airport.  Sushi has been fresh every time I order!   Hits the spot for my long flights!  They have take out, or you can sit at the bar.  Great people watching!!!!
Excellent bbq great variety of sauces all of which you can sample before you order Nola would be my favorite love the split brisket sandwich half beef half pork exploding pig is also good good prices on bulk meats gotten beef brisket and pulled pork for parties a couple of times guests loved it probably about 6 tables for dine in carryout seems to be the popular option sides were good nothing spectacular manic mac & cheese my favorite ribs were the least successful could have used more rub not bad but as good as the brisket or pulled pork
Its a good place to eat but very loud, but the food is amazing. The parking is ok. They cook the fish great, the cocktails are made beautifully with just the right amount of lemon and salt.
Great food! Chips and salsa were great! Will go back soon! Food was good price and came out hot. Shredded beef was tasty and chicken tacos were good for great dinner out!
Best Mexican food in AZ!!!! We drive from Gilbert for this stuff! We usually get the chicken chimichanga and tacos. Always great food!
The Machaca is THE BEST anywhere! Oh so tasty! Please give it a try! I like it in my chimi :) ****They just added a BEAUTIFUL new patio area! I havent been able to sit out there yet but I cant wait. Its so pretty. Once the Arizona heat cools off.... I'm there! :)
The Best Chicken Strips Hand down!!  Outstanding service and friendly staff. I was new to the area, this have quickly became my go spot, since I have been here.
The perfect place for the most unique and edgy furnishings and decor in Las Vegas.  I highly recommend anyone to check out this fabulous place!!!
Great shanghai soup bun. It is the best in town. Just be careful of the hot yummy juices inside the bun. The hot and sour soup is by far the best in town.
BBQ Pork buns are amazing! They have a great base of selections with many seasonal or specialty items that rotate frequently. Cakes and pastries can be ordered for special occasions.
Love stopping in here and picking up some of their unique and tasty Asian bakery treats. There are so many different types that you just have to come in and try them out. The bonus here is that they are all extremely delicious. Just the smell of those gems baking in the oven gets me excited.Nice selection of both Sweet and Savory. You will find several items with different kinds of proteins stuffed inside or covering them. There is also a large selection of items for when you are on a sweet tooth adventure. They even make some good looking Wedding Cakes.Normally stop in after having lunch at the Thai place or one of the Soup restaurants in the plaza. Usually pick up a couple of those Green Onion Hot Dog sweet buns. Favorites also include any of the Spicy or or Shredded Pork items. The Coconut Taro and the Creamy Coconut are also a must.Very friendly Service and a Fun place to check out. You just have to use your best judgment and try not to eat too much. I'm starting to feel it in my love handles. It is just so good and addictive. Located in the front part of Mekong Plaza. ENJOY !4.5 STARS
Found this place by accident - was headed to Mekong and happens to stop by but am so glad I found it - The spicy pork buns were awesome !! I am sure I will be going back for more!
Best chocolate croissants ever had. Buttery and flakey. Wish to come back at another time to try the rest of their breakfast pastries.
Coffe was bland but the espresso was good. Hard to mess up espresso tho I guess. Staff was really nice tho. Starbucks is better and I don't say that lightly.
Over priced poor quality coffee......don't go here. They charged over $ 4.00 for their smallest generic coffee. It was very weak. Next time I'll walk further instead of to Va Bene.
We don't seem to exist here.  The service was horrible.  Sat at the bar right in front of the bartender who was too busy cleaning glasses to acknowledge us.  I'm usually rather patient about these types of things, as I know they have other tasks to accomplish, however, it was NOT busy at all and it wasn't like she didn't see us.  She just gave us the impression that she would get around to taking our order when she felt like it...which was certainly not any time soon.  It was awkwardly rude and strange behavior.  If I weren't new to the area (and my guest from out of town) I would have thought she was an old enemy from days gone by.
With it's Indoor/Outdoor atmosphere, very open spaces, large open bar, plenty of lounge spaces, Tanzy set itself apart from other restaurants.  Being part of the iPic Theater allows for the ultimate Dinner and  Movie, or Movie and a night out.  Excellent range in the menu offerings are sure to please more traditional Italian cravings, as well as those looking for something different. An absolute must have is the Mozzarella and Prosciutto table side service!!! Everything is excellent though. The Red Velvet cake is also a definite must have.  The atmosphere at Tanzy lends itself to hanging around a while.  Absolutely Love it.
Omg the hot wings here are amaze!!!I LOVE this place!!! I stayed at The cosomo with my friends and fam for my sissys birthday we were there for 4 nights and every single night we ended up at The Henry between the hours of 4 and 7am .... its like the only restaurant in the Cosmo open all day all night. and the food is DELICIOUS! Staff is fun and patient with the drunk idiots that come in.. hahaha cant go wrong here!!!
Over priced & the food SUCKED! We left hungry, the only reason they didn't get 1 star was because the service was fairly good.
Service was slow. Not very busy. Food was mediocre. Ordered prime rib and drinks. Food came before my drink did! Wanted to order another drink but waiter didn't come and we were ready to leave. Disappointed.
Food was fast and excellent. I had the prime rib and it was amazing.  Was very reasonably priced and s nice atmosphere.
Quick service, quick food.  Marina was a great server! She was friendly and efficient!
Cosa dire di Vegas...What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, Baby!Questa città è incredibile perché è fintamente bellissima ed ogni volta che si torna si scopre un nuovo pezzettino.
If I lived here I would probably be dead in a year. LOL! Walk the strip and view the freak show that is AMURRICA!Sure, when in Vegas it's almost mandatory to take a walk on The Strip to view the sights. To me it's always better at night when everything is lit up in all it's cheesy glory! Plus, if there during the summer season walking The Strip in the day is inviting heat stroke! Damn, it's hot over here. Don't get fooled by the optical illusion thinking that the casino you want to walk to is close as after shlepping a half hour you realize you should have taken a cab, the monorail, or the shuttle that runs along The Strip. Still, the views of the massive casinos all lit up and the free shows make it worth a trek up and down The Strip. The Pirate Show at Treasure Island, the Volcano at the Mirage, the Dancing Waters at the Bellagio to name a few.Hey, at least you are allowed to drink in public here so load up a cold one and have at it as you walk by the hordes of tourists, Eurotrash, bachelor and bachelorette parties, and assorted middle America white trash WalMart crowd that seems to gather here. Don't forget to view the crazies, homeless, porn card slappers, bad street performers, drunk blotto people, and those annoying characters in knock off costumes posing for money. The craziness never ends! It's almost like being in Times Square NYC!The Las Vegas Strip is an amusement park of kitschy weirdness in itself. I love cheesy and approve totally! As Arnold would say - "I'll Be Back"!
Great for people watching, the food, and the hotels. Try the big apple roller coaster at the New York hotel and go see the great shops at the various hotels.
Food was hit or miss.  Very expensive for the type of restaurant it was.  We were close so we ate here several times.  I guess I am not a fast learner.  I certainty would not go out of my way to eat here.
First we are sitting outside in March. Lovely.  I will tell you about the food after we eat.  Oh my how time flies.  It has been awhile since our visit to Scottsdale and I wish I were there right now.  Good thing it is nice and sunny here in Colorado.My husband and I had a nice meal here.  I had the shrimp salad and a glass of white wine.  He had a sandwich but honestly do not remember which one it was.  The best part of the afternoon was it was a warm day there and I do believe it was snowing in Colorado.  The service was great and there were plenty of choices to choose from.  The building is nice and it is right on the outskirts of Old Towne.  Great shopping close by and one of my favorite malls is just around the corner.  I would say one perfect day in Scottsdale.
Great food and aunday brunch. We come here all the time and the food and service are always great.
great deal for the capachino i ordered, and can't beat some local amateur music. coffee was kind of week.
Great coffee, nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and awesome live music. I don't live nearby, but driving 40 minutes here for performances and good coffee is worth it. This place is always very clean and comfortable- it's everything I look for in a coffee shop!
They have a great patio!! Weekend brunch is super affordable, too. $ 'mosas and $4.99 b banana pancakes!
Quality food served in good portions by happy waitresses!!  Defiantly will be back!From the street and the area you may think twice about going inside. Do yourself a favor and go in, it is an easy fun environment.
Best deals on hats I've seen in a long time.I'll go again. The employees where attentive and respectful
Not that any SBUX is worth going out of your way for, but this one is worth skipping. The service I've experienced each time I've been is pretty dang poor and the drinks always seem quite cold.
Super nice staff. Fast. Huge portions. Reasonable prices. Totally recommend! I live next door so it's difficult to find decent food around me since I don't want to live like a tourist all the time. I'm really glad I found this nice little deli. It's easy to access and the food was fresh and well prepared. Love it! Everyone working was all smiles as well. Exactly what you expect from Vegas! Nicely done Circus Circus.
Badass! Good music, great food! Just a really cool place! The service was friendly and the atmosphere was cool. The Shipwreck burger was excellent!
Best burgers downtown definitely worth the cost. I will continue to order lunch from there . waitresses was friendly.
Green chile pork stew rocks!! As does anything else you add green chili too (carne asada burrito w/green).
Really good green chile ! Small inside but has seating outside on the patio... Always busy
Hidin gem, worth the trip! Hard to find in Mountains Edge, follow the signs and they even offer a car wash / detail while you have breakfast!!
Two words: Country Nacos! Great food and atmosphere. Come hungry or bring a few people, give it a try and you will be glad you did.
My favorite, especially for the chicken fried steak breakfast. Family run. There Xmas decorations are wonderful. Dad did them.
Great service and link sausage! Only thing that could have been better was the egg whites were not quite done enough for over medium, but that is fairly normal even for the best restaurants.
Great food awful service!  Even the manager kind of had a "whatever" attitude!  Gonna have to go to another Cafe Rio from now on.
Good food terrible service! Employees need customer service training.  Not enough prepared food.  Bad service.
The food was mediocre at best. Service was nothing to rave about. There's just nothing special about this place.
Fun fun fun!!!Great atmosphere , good vibes!My son loves going thereGreat area for eating, chillin and enjoying time with the children
I came here to consign after hearing great reviews from a coworker. I will never go back. The women working were absolutely hateful. Not only did they snub their noses at my clothing (Lilly Pulitzer, Wildfox, J. Crew), but they also were completely malicious and rude. They literally asked me why anyone in their right mind  would take any of my clothes if they weren't hanging and pressed. This is something I easily could have done if they would have told me when I called beforehand. They continued to make derogatory remarks about my clothing, choice of education (ASU), and general lifestyle until I had the good sense to get the hell out of there. Don't waste your time and energy! Side note- I did notice they had very cute things for sale, but I would much rather purchase things from people who have even a tiny idea of what customer service means. Clearly, these women do not.
Wonderful service and food. Had the BLT&E and it was amazing.  My wife had the tri color quinoa in a wrap with avocado and loved it.
Very good take out.  Excellent butter chicken!  Don't ask for too spicy because they make crazy spicy!!!
It is hidden so just remember it's on the North-West corner of Estrella and Roosevelt.A run of the mill Baskin-Robbins, but the furniture needs to be replaced/fixed badly.  Of course this doesn't matter if you take it home with you.
The Dream Jar for dessert! Amazing. Rich. Not too much so I left feeling full, not sick-full.All the food was great but we only got to sample the starters: Chopped Salad was my favorite, Chicken and Waffles a close second.Service was ideal: friendly, attentive (and "invisible" for the most part).My husband and I look forward to another Date Night here. Next time, we'll just order Entrees.
Ask for Gary. He will lead you down the path of perfection.  And order from the cask cocktails menu.  Their take on a Negroni is superb.
Great drinks, great bar, great fried pork and waffles! We will be back. Oh crap, the bacon popcorn was amazing!
Went here with friend- dinner was excellent service was exceptional- would recommend- good looking crowd
Yelp is a swindle!You can give every review you want they choose them!Don't waste your time with this site!
Superb in every way! Chopped salad is amazing and the grilled cheese is to die for. Service was great!
Cool ambience and friendly staff, coupled with awesome drinks and food!  The moment I walkedin till my departure, I was served with care and great delicious dishes.
Food was amazing!! Ambiance was great too. Very upscale with reasonable prices. Went for a business group dinner and was not disappointed. I plan to go back for a date night with the Hubby!!!
Great concept, definitely one of Arizona's best restaurants. The handcrafted drinks hit hard and are delivered in style. They have a beautiful private upstairs for parties. The food really works here. It is a dedicated chef driven restaurant, so quality is all they send you from that kitchen. Some personal favorites are the Pork Belly Pastrami, Flat Iron Steak, Scallops, and Burrata. I recommend this spot for anyone in Scottsdale.
"In vino veritas" is on their archway. That pretty much says it all. The wine selection here is fantastic, and their knowledgeable sommelier is happy to offer some suggestions to accompany your food choices.As far as the food goes, I thought the tapas were fantastic. The presentation of the smoked salmon was impressive, with the overturned glass of smoke that the server lifts. The crispy duck was pretty much as perfect as duck could be, and the flatbreads were lovely. The prices here were extremely reasonable for Vegas.
Great food! Great place to have drinks before the show!  Outdoor atmosphere was really nice!
BEST custom airbrushed tan EVER!!!!  Angie is so professional and she has a true passion for her business.  My tan looks natural, not orange and streaky.  If you need a natural looking spray tan, call Angie!  She is AMAZING and you won't regret it.  ****Don't  forget your vagazzle!****
Great place! Friendly, clean and best price in Vegas! It is kind of hard to find and a bit hidden behind a building so it's not visible from the street- fyi. Once you're there they offer complimentary coffee, hot chocolate, water... Etc. the girl saw me right away and did a great job, this was my second time here and I'm going to keep coming back.
There is no other place to go, it's that simple they are the best hands down.  I have been going here for almost three years, every two weeks consistently. Every visit is like the first, perfect service and perfectly shaped eyebrows. Marci is truly the best!
Great staff very welcoming and great job on my eyebrows. I was in a rush so i wasn't able to browse the mighty purse selections. She nipped a few hAirs which gv my eyebrow a sharp look. Hair hasnt grown back now my eyebrows have to be shaded first n last visit
Never very busy and they are all very nice and helpful. Get you in and take care of you right away. I'm sure as people find out about them, they will get busier, but for now, as trips to the ER are common in this family, we will be going here.
Excellent burgers , gourmet sides and frosty cold beer.  Awesome beer selection . Friendly staff, great service highly recommended . A stop we make make after hiking.
Was told this place was addictive. They didn't lie!  Can't wait to take everyone we know there. Great food/music, and loved the patio atmosphere.
Great food and people. It's a diamond in the rough in Apache junction. Now with the patio open its not that bad of wait either.
An ultimate shopping experience! All the designer shops in one place. Love the statues and tranquil environment.
It's nice to have a affordable place. Was nice I was right as rain. Woke up with a nasty kink and after a few days and 2 adjustments I was back on my feet
Great service and great dr!  Thanks guys. My back feels much better. Continued alignment is key.
Best pancakes wafles and eggs of new-yorkYou have to come earlier if you want to be seated everybody's going there
The food & shakes are amazing!! Do the custom burgers you will not be sorry. I was in town from Cleveland and I will go back again for the burgers.
Best burgers in Pgh, hands down. I haven't had anything that isn't great, fries, shakes, corn bread, salad, chicken burger. You can't go wrong unless you put crazy stuff on your burger, then it's your fault.
This place was a good find!! Great friendly service and awesome espresso martinis!! Small and quaint with a cool patio!
This place sells the best shawarma ever!  I frequent this place when I'm in Waterloo. Everyone needs to try the Full Flavour Shawarma. Mozy's definitely got the ingredients down for the best shawarma ever. There's chicken, pickles, creamy garlic sauce and fries! I usually go for extra garlic sauce to make it more tasty. The portion size is big and I never really finish it. I eat it for two meals, but I'm a small person. I usually pop the second half in the microwave for round 2. It's not as crispy out of the microwave, but still delicious! Definitely check this place out! I wished they expanded and had a location in Toronto. That would make a lot of people happy
Food was good. Services great. Beer good.Large servings.  Interesting and tasty "Flamm".  Outside seating was great but a little smokey.
Disappointed...my husband and I started going here when they first opened and it was really good. But now they added pizza to their menu and changed their bread they use for their subs...bummer.
Pork dumplings pan fried. You won't regret it.We have come to this P.F. Changs a few times and the food is normally great. This specific time we came it was all terrible. We were seated right away which was great but the server seemed kinda out of it. He kept forgetting what we ordered and sat down in the booth while taking our order. The food wasnt very good at all, I was very disapointed in this expereince. I will probably continue to eat at P.F changs but maybe another location.
Je les préfèrent à ceux de Five Guys! Ambiance pas top. Le personnel est gentil. Je vous suggère le Saint Burger. La Poutine est bonne mais manque de fromage. Enfants friendly. Attention, cuisson inconstante, n'hésitez pas a redemander si trop cuit.
This is a SCAM! There is no real photographer behind this company This is a SCAM! There is no real photographer behind this company This is a SCAM! There is no real photographer behind this company
$0.50 beers until 11pm? Plus line dancing, beer pong, and cowboys!  Yeehaw!  Oh and $0.50 well drinks for ladies - dangerous!  Even after 11, some of the beers are only $2.75!  They also had a beer long tournament with a $5 buy-in.  There was water in the cups instead of beer, which I liked because I was more in control of my alcohol intake.  Most of the girls here were in short jean shorts, jeans, or skirts  and cowboy boots.  I loved people watching here - so entertaining!   I still don't know how the line dancers knew which dances go to which songs.  We didn't stay for all that long but we had a good time.
Yelp 365 Challenge #152/365 (Las Vegas Adventures in July) This was my tip as I checked in: DJ Angel has a voice...make sure you know how to sing too...It's true, you better know how to sing because this DJ can SING. However, call me bias but my niece who sang the last night we were in Vegas rivaled the DJ's voice. Anyhoo! My husband and I don't do karaoke not because we do not drink but because we just never did care for karaoke. However, our family has some talented singers and musicians. And this is what the older crowd chose to do while the younger crowd decided to take on the rides at New York New York.This place is a filipino owned business (hence, the filipino name). Around this area is what I would call asian city because right across the street there are various asian eats (thailand, japanese, korean) with Kapuso beckoning across the street for anyone to sing after eating. I almost missed Kapuso and was about to whip my rental car around the parking lots but my husband pointed out that it was across the street.I gritted my teeth, smiled nicely and drove into the little parking lot. As I stepped out of the car, the sign blared up brightly at us. My first thought was "Ugh...a karaoke BAR" but hey...last night with the family that we may not see again for awhile, so we stepped in. Your typical karaoke bar with a dance floor *eyebrow raised*. Our nieces and nephews waved at us from the back. All I could think of is "I'm hungry..is it just filipino pupus?" Our waiter didn't come right away to where my husband had to grab menus. I was not in the mood to eat filipino food but I chose their shanghai lumpia when I was actually craving for...pulehu steak, fries, soybeans, and chicken! But, I settled for the shanghai lumpia because you can't go wrong with that appetizer.As we listened to everyone sing, we found out that next door was for dancing. As we sat there and was wowed by our nieces and nephews, I noticed that they have a great list of  songs from different genres (filipino to contemporary pop, rock or R&B). Another thing I noticed is that the DJ would deliberately place herself on the lineup list for individuals who were singing. IMHO...if there are alot of people coming here to sing, can Kapuso minimize the amount of times that the DJ sings? Yes, granted she is talented but I don't know. It started to seem like she was showboating especially after I noticed she would deliberately sing after anyone who sang really well just to try and "one up" on them. I kept thinking that hopefully someone will nominate her to be on "The Voice"Anyhow, overall experience was okay. The family time spent there is what upped my rating to four stars.If you like dimly lit karaoke bars, this is a place for you.If you want to listen to everyone including the DJ sing, this is the place for youIf you are craving filipino food and want to sing Dahil Say Yo afterwards? This place is for youIf you want to dance the favorite filipino party dances (macarena, ocho ocho, electric slide), then yes, this place is for you!
Great pizza and the meatballs are to die for. I ordered the salad which was gigantic btw, everything all around is great  here
Go for the pizza! All ingredients freshly made in house. I love this restaurant. It is always nice and clean (even the bathrooms). Great for families because they have an entire seating area with booths that is separate from the bar. The best way to enjoy Upper Crust is outside on the patio; on there huge cushioned patio couches, relaxing in the shade of over-sized umbrellas, with a bottle of chilled wine. Oh yeah, if you thought it couldn't get any better... IT'S A WINE BAR. I do not know who categorized it as a sports bar, but I guess any bar with more than five tv's has to be a sports bar. The full title on the sign outside the place it Upper Crust Pizza and Wine Bar
Best pizza in the valley!  They make everything in house - the crust, the sauce, even the cheese!  We usually start with the Mediterranean Salad which has crisp lettuce, feta cheese crumbles, black olives in a really light vinaigrette - it's huge and so good!  Then we always get a large pepperoni and onion pizza - so good we haven't been able to try anything else.  Go try it!  You won't be disappointed.
Keith has been nothing but the best and definitely takes care of his customers. I would highly recommend this shop to anyone.
French fries are amazing! Very good service and the quality is even better.I ordered a hamburger with cheese
Nice place clean and wonderful baked goods no doubt grandmas recipes however is taking a turn for the worst the slicer is so thin of a cut I defiantly don't recommend any sliced bread but the quality is awesome
Best chx parm and calzone I've ever had and I hear everything else here is top notch as well
Simply very good... Try, and you wouldn't regret a bit. Quite authentic too... Try black cod; it's a sure must...
It must be the water as this truly is the best Brooklyn Pizza West of the Hudson.  Try not to be the first order or two out of the oven for the Lunch crowd.  Oven not being quite ready yet, at least that was why it was explained to me.  Also, if you're into walking around Old Town Scottsdale to see all that is there, then by all means visit that location, however, if you want to visit a modern shopping area, misters in the open areas, and a parking garage that always seems to have plenty of parking, visit the Scottsdale Quarter Location
Best pizza west of the Brooklyn Bridge!!The coal oven pizza is amazingGreat people and serviceAnd it's close to the Apple Store
Great service! Amazing interesting menu.I was traveling to Montreal with a group of 10 people so had a hard time finding good restaurants that could accommodate everyone. Luckily, when I called Lawrence Saturday morning for a brunch seating that day, they were super nice and said they could hold a table of 10 with one highchair for us if we got there in 45 minutes. Well, we arrived almost an hour and a half later to a line up of about 10 people ahead of us and they STILL saved our table! The staff were amazing and didn't once give us any attitude for being so late, or so loud or so messy. The food was delicious, fresh and inventive as far as brunch goes. Their beignets were so good someone at our table almost licked the table when the chocolate sauce oozed out of it. Our server took pity on him and brought him a small dish of chocolate sauce. so nice.
GF cakes and scones :-) Or so I thought. I had heard great things about Mimi's so I was keen to go and with a fellow GF amigo, we headed down to the Shore. We had told Mimi's we would be in so we knew there would be some GF products available.If you are coming for GF cake, then there are better options. We had great tasting scones, however, they crumbled into little bits and we ate them with jam and cream with a spoon. Our cupcake was just a normal iced fairy cake, so no lavish creations like those at Cuckoo's. I know fellow Yelpers speak highly of Mimi's and the cakes do look amazing, but for us GF gals, it was really disappointing and there are better cakes to be had around town, without shlepping to The Shore like we did...
The best $200 I have ever spent!  I have done other ATV tours and there were always equipment issues or guides without a clue, but not here.  Steve is an expert not only on the outdoors, but also someone that respects nature.
Love the burgers but hate the fries. What more can Only say? It is what it is... I wish they used real potatoes that don't taste like you are eating a towel.
I love balloons! And this company makes the best most beautiful bouquets! If you need decorations that are over the top they are the right choice! The owner is very kind and always professional.
Perfection! Great customer service, very personable and quick!Had balloons delivered to The Cosmo on the strip and they were beautiful and stayed inflated for our entire stay!!! Did my order entirely through email, very easy.Delivery of anything anywhere will have a steep charge...but really having everything taken care of it was well worth it. I visited from many many hours away so it was nice to not have to run around worrying about my order:)
Quick and easy. Affordable and reasonable prices! My clothes look like they came off the retail shelves
Very  trendy and cozy.  enjoyed  my Espresso in a very  relaxed way! Probably  not the ideal snack  place,  but if you are up for  a hot cup of coffee while watching the winter  outside,  the place is an ideal location.
Fantastic food! Beautiful scenery! Perfect spot for a date! I recommend the filet mignon and Gouda Mac and cheese or the heirloom potatoes!
Yummy food Great service. Amazing Resort. Great night  with enertainment and music. Love the atmosphere and staff. Pleasant and quick service
Great service. Yogurt is better than all around!! I'm definitely coming here more. Yum
Fantastic Job! I'm very impressed and satisfied with the finished product. They were very informative and helpful. Their prices are awesome for the quality of their work. The shop is very well kept and clean.
Great tinting service! The lobby is so nice and keeps you from becoming bored by serving you coffee, snacks, and TV.
Not good. Enchiladas weren't even heated, tostada shell was stale, soda was flat.We won't bother going back.
Perfection all the way around! :) local fresh,amazing staff, non gmo, perfect delicious and PERFECT!  hehe
Best happy hour in Ahwatukee. Not even close. They serve some of the best microbrews ever and their food is great! Some Ahwatukee bars think they inhabit Scottsdale and charge you up the ying. Not this place. No $22 burgers here.
It is so relaxing to paint and have a useful piece of pottery around the house. Great for gifts too!My daughter had her 6 year old birthday here and they were awesome! They helped get all the guests painting and they made the cutest group plate with all of the names of the people who attended including her handprint. Loved it!My daughter now gets a discount every time she goes in for the next year which just gives me more reason to go back :)The staff is always helpful with artistic suggestions on your latest masterpiece.
Thanks for being good to my lady friends today at my celebration at your storeI know a couple said they would returnOf course you see us regularly each weekThanks for having sugar free yogurt too
Great ice cream fun fun fun everyone should try it once and see, we always come when we're in the area.
Cheap , fast and good quality Panini's. Small shop with a hole in the wall feel and a large open door.
Food was fantastic just like grandma's. There really friendly and super fast serviceI order the combo of gordita and taco and it was the best hand made it taste just like home.  A place I definitely recommend and encourage to come check out
Best tacos in town . Thanks for the great service. Ill be back soon. Always here for carwashes and stop in to get some great food
Trendy place and decor with a good view of US Airways Center. Might be a great stop to grab a drink with some friends before a show.  Sweet Potato Tortellini was good, but the sauce was a bit watery.  My friend ordered the AB certified Angus Beef Cheeseburger, to which he was dissatisfied. They offer no choice but medium well, and meat is better with a little pink in his opinion. The cheese almost seemed non-existent, as were the toppings. Overall, the cheeseburger was bland, but they offered to replace it with another menu item, which was nice of them.The switch out plate was a Turkey Sloppy Joe. He said he has had better Sloppy Joes but at least it has flavor. (You just can't please some people!) he just added that the fries were good.
Cheese plate and bread were delicious!!!  Prime location to sit outside and enjoy good weather.  The cheese plate was a good choice paired with a small salad and grilled asparagus.  I thoroughly enjoyed relaxing a sampling the quality food.  I wish I had time to sample more items, the menu was pretty extensive.  Quality ingredients.
Service, meh. Pretzel and cheese fondue, best I have ever had. I live downtown and go here just for these.
Wow I took a friend here for his birthday it was amazing service and great food!! The warm peanut butter mouse with chocolate gelato was amazing!! A party in your mouth!
Love their appetizers, especially their pretzel cheese fondue. I prefer culinary dropout over this place.
Amazing food! Amazing service! Love the pretzel and fondue and all the sandwiches! Can't wait to try other items here!!! Service was amazing and they were on top of getting us everything we needed!
Great customer service. They are very knowledgeable and are very helpful. I Bought a Kit for my husband and the person who Helped Me Helped Me Get Everything I needed.
Get the quesadilla sampler for sure!! When we first pulled up into the lot, we saw they had a drive thru and we almost left because it looked dumpy. Im glad we decided to try it because it was awesome. Had a little bit of a wait for our food, but it was worth it! Don't judge a book by its cover on this one!!
Staff is A+ but the manager is soooooo rude it's not even funny. She never wants to help with anything and walks around like everyone is an inconvenience to her.
Don't go if you are not Hispanic. You will be ignored. I sat there with another white guy and a black guy, we all sat there as others just walked in and jumped in the chair. Lame way to do business.
Good movies just like home, no pressure to put on makeup or anything. The seats are super comfortable and the atmosphere is super homey. Every movie I've seen there has been awesome!! The owner has great taste.You can get a beer and popcorn, which is awesome in my opinion. What more can I say? Buy your tickets in advance and enjoy a great movie with friends or on your own.
get newer seats. the seats ruin everything. so uncomfortable. its a nice idea having a home theater style for the public but the seats..
Great service came when they said they would Very reasonable cost  would call them again
Amazing facility.  Lucky to have such a nice park for spring training games. The park is clean and well staffed.  Sat on the left field lawn. Great way to spend a fun affordable afternoon.
Quick, fast, cheap!  Gets the job done!Staff is friendly (and minimal so you aren't paying for a ton of overhead). The automated paying and facilities are clean, nice, enviro friendly, and quite effective in getting your car clean. Took my salty and dirty car though with the roof/bike racks and it came out spotless. You'll have to do the final Vaccum and buff/wipe yourself but it's no biggie for the basic cheap car wash.
First class facility. Great people. My co-workers and I do yoga with Dawn every week. Plus, it's the Official Health Club of the Charlotte Hounds!
Great happy hour,  love the dynamite! Recommend it for a day after the pool! Refreshing and tasty!
Love sitting in the window smelling the home baking nearby!I love this place for it's cupcakes entirely!  If I'm in early i can bag a seat beside the window, so I can feel a cosy in a corner whilst tucking into one of the cupcakes from cuckoo's range.Hand on my heart this is the best cupcake place in town :)
Great bagels we really enjoyed and it kept us from making breakfast. This bagel shop was right outside the resort very convenient and great source of breakfast.
As always a great cup of coffee. James knowns his coffee. As my girl friend and I always try to make it down town you can't skip this place, summer or winter it's the best place for a cup of coffee and the perfect place to soak in the atmosphere at the 7th Street Market
Visiting from out of town and gave this place a shot while trying out all the coffee places in town. Best caramel latte I've ever had!
Some of the best espresso I've ever had, very smooth and flavorful! Also very cool arena mini market you can get pizza, sandwhiches, and sushi!
Best coffee in Charlotte. Being a NYC coffee snob who lived in Northern California and visited the Pacific Northwest many times I can say these folks do an awesome job with the coffee and tea.
Spent a rainy afternoon at this small coffee place. The cortado was amazing. My friend tried their cappuccino and it was nice. I will try their rishi chai tea the next time I am there
Perfect all-natural fall spice lattes and friendly service. This spot has been busy everytime we've visited!
This just became my new favorite seafood place! Had Crab Cakes, Caesar Salad, Scallops, Truffled Mac & Cheese, Crab Fried Rice, and Banana Fosters! All exceeded my expectations!
Very good restaurant. Our forth time there and it's always perfect. Nice environment and great service
Food was mediocre. I had the snapper my date had the halibut.  Both were bland. The service and ambiance were very good. Our waiter was very friendly and professional. I just wish the food was better.
This place is great for a small rock club. It's right out of a movie. The food is just ok, typical bar style food.
Try the pulled pork, it's yummie  Nice waitress but maybe a little slow.Nice atmosphere
Love the pad see yew and the Rama noodle.  The atmosphere is pleasant and does well as take out as well
Best pad thai in town + it's cheap! The place looks simple but don't be fooled, the meal quality is on par with the best (and much more expensive) places out there.The owner is also very nice and full of energy.Recommended.
The ultimate best and most delicious thing in the entire world.I have never ever had a bad experience  here and have been completely satisfied every time I've gone over the past three years. Squirrel hill location is a bit better than the one in schenley park, but both are great!
best sushi I ever had. love this place!!!! the Oktoberfest is to die for. new owners kept it on the menu and I couldn't be happier!!! prices are good and who would have thought sushi in fountain hills. well I'm one happy customer
Charming place, good food, nice owners.Got the sushi combo lunch special...great deal. I'd come here again.
Nous avons choisi 3 plats partagés  ensemble que nous avons dégustésUn mélange entre crevette, poisson, pouletPrit dans le menu chinois
Wonderful place!!! Great food and service!  The prices were reasonable and you get to pic the level of spice you want.  Also, the service is pretty quick but the quality is still good.
Lunch orders are 8.00 not 7.00. Food is good... really good. I will definitely be back.
Great food as always. The Lady is a Scampi is the best!!  The service was good too. Sat outside and it was great!  We'll be back soon.
Amazing food.. luv the drinks and the huge meatballs.. a must have... yummm excited to get stuffed
Best Tacos in town!!! Real fresh cooked Carne Asada and fresh tortillas! This place has REAL tacos. Don't go anywhere else, you'll be doing yourself a disservice if you get tacos anywhere else.
BEST authentic Tacos ever, highly recommend if you want the real thing. Look for the bright colorful building. Can't miss it...
Yum. Best. Tacos. Ever. Got the chicken tacos. 3. Then got them again for dessert. The staff is sweet and friendly. The service is lovely. The atmosphere is real. The price is great. The tacos are absolutely delish.
Just bailing someone out. The metro police on duty were super funny and friendly. Never expect much where people usually don't respect the law of those who enforce it.
Great jazz every Tuesday night!  Friendly service and great drinks! Easy to park and fun location surrounded by lots of art studios and places to eat.
A date night staple...this feels like a neighborhood joint. The staff is always friendly, the place is always clean with decent music playing and a great family feel about it (kids program on one TV and the football game on the other).
Always great to come over. Great food. Great prices. Great Environment. I am so glad I live so close!
It's simple an clean the food is  not bad.i would recommend for someone. .for driver I recommend to ask for Rudy he's real nice.
3.5 stars. Good food. Quick service. Reasonable prices. Order the appetizer trio for 10$. Food quality has deteriorated over last couple of years but it's a good quick place to bring a date. This place is BYOB and it's about $5 for bottle fees so don't bring one big bottle or you will be ripped off.
Back again just as good as the first time. Great authentic Mexican food.As good as last time.  Very good and fresh food.
The Best! Honest Repairs! Honest Prices! Great Service! No need to go anywhere else   So glad I listened to previous Yelp reviews.
Been going here for years. Don't look any further. Bring your bags and shoes here.Honest and quick work. Cash only
Great place and helpful employees! Been coming here for a while and won't go to another smoke shop
See my check in for this place. Good place nearby everything down town. Seem family run. Service for pride.
soup is too salt, bad service. But Ramen is cool. We 11 went there for dinner, they have outdoor sittings, great to go in 3 or 4.
Excellent! Wonderful meal and service! The crepes are amazing. Same room for the desert crepes.
Close to the airport. Clean, neat and the shuttle runs on time.Well priced rooms, even for a last minute reservation.
Great place for brunch and a Bloody Mary with bacon.  Yep bacon.  Kickback place and you can bring your pet on the patio.Had the breakfast burrito with my road dog today and it was yummy.  It gets very busy around lunch time so be prepared to wait.  My next endeavor is the chocolate chip pancakes.  I have a feeling that they will be very good.
The food was amazing and very fresh!! Loved the jasmine ice tea. Great environment. Services was a little slow but overall was a great place. I'm not from here and in Dallas we don't have a place like this. Wish we did!!! I would love it
Easy and fast place to get a good burger!!  They have really good Cajun fries.  My kids 10, 13 and 16 love this place!
how the f uck yall out of menudo every sunday???????????????????????????????????????????????????
La pizzeria Magpie : un petit restaurant parfait où déguster une savoureuse pizza! J'y suis allée par un très froid vendredi soir cet hiver. Quel plaisir d'entrer dans un restaurant aussi chaleureux par une température aussi froide! Comme le nom le dit, il s'agit d'une pizzeria. En plus de quelques délicieuses entrées (huîtres, salades, raviolis...), on y offre évidemment un bon choix de pizzas variées, allant de la plus simple à la plus surprenante. Elles sont faites sur place avec des ingrédients hyper frais, miam! La mienne était excellente et cuite à la perfection. Chaque semaine, une nouvelle entrée, une nouvelle pizza et un nouveau dessert sont inscrits à l'ardoise, il est donc possible de faire des découvertes différentes selon la semaine. Quelques desserts très simples, mais efficaces et savoureux sont offerts. Une sélection de vins d'importations privées est également disponible. Le service est génial; tous les employés sont sympathiques et souriants. Les plats arrivent dans des délais plus que raisonnables, même si l'endroit est bondé de clients. Les prix sont très corrects aussi. J'y retournerai certainement bientôt!***Prévoyez de l'argent comptant ou une carte de crédit, car le restaurant n'accepte pas les cartes de débit!
It's a burger better then mcdonalds and Burger King. Like that they do the "fat frys" also known as steak fries! Don't see them in to many places. They will do extras on your burger that you don't see to much either like egg. All in all not the best not the worst. Something to throw in the belly while wasting your life savings!!!!
Love this place. Great hookah. Great drinks and service. The mint hookahs are the eat. My fave drink that I always get is the horny latte. It's delicious. I seriously could drink those all say. Autum is a great as a sever. Whenever my friends out of town visit we start the night here. It's def a great pregame place.
Great hookah amazing customer service my favorite hookah bar in Las Vegas definitely coming back
30$ open bar, not too crowded, awesome Thursday night!
Bartender seemed inconvenienced to serve and was not social and rarely checked on us....This is the third time that the service was poor......we decided to go next door to the other bar.
Nikki is awesome. Hands down some of the best bar service I've ever had!  The place is big and has a lot of games and a dance floor, good for big parties!
Decent pizza, super nice staff, I'd totally go back of I'm ever in the area! It was on the pricey side for pizza, but I understand that they aren't a huge franchise and probably can't keep the prices low. I appreciate small businesses.
People have been pleasant. Takes forever though. Not a fan but a necessary evil.  This dmv tends to be better than the rest. I was told I could get a new license today. They are now mailing it. I could have just done that on line and not wasted over an hour
Good service this is my number one car wash impeccable service been going there for years
Toujours frais et delicieux. De tout pour tous. C est la place pour les pâtisseries. .
Horrible management, horrible service. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone! Manager was incredibly rude and did not care that we had complaints about service and told us to leave if we didn't like it. He was arrogant and belligerent and I will never try and go there nor recommend this place to anyone I know or don't know.
I like the Bruschetta. It is sooo good. The philly salad is really tasty. The chicken marsala is yummy.
I emailed and even showed a picture weeks ago and still have not heard from anyone.A bike rider ran into my car wasn't paying attention I would really like to get rid of that experience.   UpdateJeff finally got ahold of me and was very polite even though he can't fix my car I give them kudos for listening to what I had too say and even let me text instead of call as I'm very shy also didn't want a family member to know about it , thanks Jeff
Naked Fish's sister property~ I've only been here once for lunch and I will definitely be returning! Cute little place with a good selection on their lunch menu and decent prices! All lunch specials come with rice, salad, miso soup & tempura~Lunch sashimi special $8.95 : pretty fresh & delicious! I especially loved how it was presented in a pretty basket on a bed of ice ~Lunch miso salmon $8.95 : good quality and not overly sweet~ Hot tip: instead of steamed rice ask for sushi rice! Only $1 more & it's much tastier!
I got a free special check-in drink. Great! :)Service was excellent, great atmosphere, all food we order was super.
The beer is not cold,oops !!!!!need to wait long time to get the foods!!!!!the hot tea is not hot
Love this Japanese tapas! A little pricey but well worth it.  We love every dishes that was served for the 6 of us.  Every thing was good and the desserts were awesome.  Will visit this place again soon.
Love this place! I go at least once a week! I always get the string bean chicken, egg rolls and the crab rangoons! The service here is friendly and you won't be disappointed!
Love this place! Best Pho in Downtown Phoenix! I eat here at least once a week. Parking could be better but that the price you pay for dining downtown.
Second time here and this will now be a tradition every time we are in town. Eo'in and Sine'ad made us feel comfortable and at home. I love the food, love the music and love the staff. I can't wait to come back.
It's a great atmosphere and good food BUT $8 for a draft pint is too much! :) This place used to have reasonable "strip" prices for the popular drafts. Food is still amazing and staff are very friendly and obliging :)
Great hotel for my first anniversary. Rooms are big and love the floor to ceiling windows.
Friend is the manager so down here for lunch. I'd been hearing about this and was treated pretty well since I was with the manager, but the server was not very good. My friend had to get up and get our own food, drinks, etc... The gumbo was just ok, the beer was great, and the desert was tasty.
Anytime here must get Gator..a little spicy but very good.  Good drinks and sometimes a band.
Excellent gumbo. Jumbalaya was ok.Good selection of beer.They had live music and so it was really loud. Had no shout to talk. The bad was good but just not time to chat.
Cheerful staff always singing and carrying on. Great selection to choose from. Plenty of sugary treats to mix in. KK loves this place.
Great service fabulous food great locations.  Wonderful wine list. Rotating fresh menu with a few classics that are standard
Great lunch Spectacular sweet potato fries.a great surprise for a "hotel" eatery.  Good service and the manager was very nice and explained that they also have wine dinners periodically, at a very good price.worth a stop if you are in town.
great pizza and beer! Beer selection is great and is always changing. Be on the look out for special tappings and tap takeovers. Food is always consistently good. I really enjoy the late night happy hour starting at 10 PM with half price drafts and slices of pizza. Great value and solid offerings.
Great beer..bad advertising. ALL half off after ten is NOT ALL BEERSI got duped into coming in after ten from there "ALL BEER HALF OFF AFTER TEN PM" signs all over the restaurant. I soon came to find out that certain beers are excluded as explained on small print on the menu. Classic bait and switch. Manager was there and completely unapologetic. Good selection but shady practices...customer service is everything
My new favorite Italian restaurant! Homemade authentic Italian food. So delicious! We had each of the specials, I had chicken in a tarragon & brandy cream sauce with mushrooms and linguine, and my other half had crab and shrimp stuffed ravioli with a saffron cream sauce. Both dishes were amazing and you can tell they were made from scratch!  We also had tiramasu for dessert which was also made there and equally as wonderful. I am so glad we decided to stop in and try this place last night!
Great place, great service, great music...wow coming back for a back wax. Lol.......................................................................,.......................,...............................................
This place deserves more stars.  Very authentic food and great wine list!  I hate eating on the strip!!Support our local restaurants
Excellent food and great neighborhood feel. Had the penne arribiata and the cheesecake.
Good flavors for boba tea.  Good variety of toppings for froyo.  I found this place when I first moved to the Charlotte area and made me feel right at home.  I will be back plenty more times.  Also helps that they have a reward card.
Gabriel best customer service! Conveniently open 24 hours, black card is very affordable $20/mo and gets you access to unlimited tanning and visits to any club in the U.S.
Coming in based on a recommendation of local. Good mexican food and lots of local history on the tables...So Headquarters definitely delivered.  Steady stream of people coming in the door and the food was tasty and hearty.  I went with the largest plate I could find....the Machaca and Eggs.  A hefty scramble with shredded beef, tomatoes, onions, and green peppers served with beans and a massive tortilla all for $8.50, half of which came home with me.  Also the breakfast special was only $3.95 for egg, hash browns, toast, and I think one other item.Oh and you could have bathed a small dog in the drink cups....they're huge!  Sweet tea was very tasty.Love the history and you can tell it's a local watering hole.  Believe that the other half of the building is the actual lounge at night.  Won't have to second guess where I'll be eating next time I pass through Maricopa.Service was quick and no nonsense.(This only reviews the restaurant not the lounge)
Great Food - Fast Service - I have been coming here for the last five years have never been let down
I probably won't be back here. The atmosphere sucked and it was too dark. The bartender was nice and assertive, I just felt really bored at this bar and the place was pretty empty.
Hostess is not 'on' it. Waited 5 min before she even acknowledged me. Other than that, seems like a good place to hang.  The food was a bit mediocre.  Nellos is better.
Good food, great drink specials. Great neighborhood restaurant. This was our second visit there and both times we were happy with the service and the food. We will definitely be back.
If you want great service see Byron!  Outstanding service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Falcone was a spectacular server!! Thank you for such a fun experience. We enjoyed watching the Cardinals game and the good food today. Buffalo dip was my favorite.
Can't wait to see it again!!! With a new cast!!!  My absolute FAVORITE Vegas show so far... VERY raunchy and hilarious, not for the easily offended.  The acrobatics are just awesome, and what these people can do with such a small place, it amazes me.  I've seen it twice!
This was Absinthe star and burlesque singer Melody Sweets debut album show. Magnificence occured. Absinthe is "As Good As It Gets". The Star and burlesque performer is performing her own music almost nightly. Spectacular world-class acrobatics combine with up-close views for heart stopping action. Comedic MC the Gazilionaire takes offense to a new low, while Penny Pibbets his side-sick sock puppet Queen help keep it extremely inappropriate. In a world of politically correct the fact that they're doing hilarious raunchy material like this made me proud. We have to laugh or we'll cry at life. This show is addictive, warning. You may stalk the stars on twitter, and wish to join the circus once you attend. You also may get pulled onstage to do things as I did. I'm pretty outgoing and even I was a little embarassed by Gaz's request to kiss a republican wife who I"d never met. It was fucking awesome though. I couldn't really love a show more, and it's been voted best show in Vegas for two years, and is contracted through at least Oct. 2013 at Ceaser's Roman Plaza with whispers of 2014. Personally, I hope the show goes on forever and ever. It renewed my faith in humanity. We can all have fun and not take things too seriously after all.
The seating is general admission - so you can choose where to experience the show! Sit up close! The language may be to salty for an older demographic, but myself (22) and other I went with (30s) had a really fun time.
Excellent!!! 90 mins of laughterHighly recommend this show...only something you would see in Vegas!
Best show in Vegas, been there three times and would go again... Super funny and great show..
Amazing show, edgy, raunchy, sexy. All good things. Highly recommend. Acrobatics are nuts and the tap dancers are rockin.
Absolutely fantastic, best show I have ever seen and worth every penny. If your remotely offended at all by anything not politely correct this is not the show for you. Do yourself a favor and buy a ticket.
Laugh out loud! One of the must see shows in Las Vegas!I've seen this show twice and it was great both times. The comedians are rapid fire when it comes to picking on those bold enough to sit on the front row. Essentially this reminds me of a cirque show but with a raunchy twist.
Went back again and had great service and food. We tried different menu items and left satisfied again.
We love Krazy Fish Brunch on Sunday's! Try the Chicken & Waffles w/a mimosa.. Today I had a brunch special, Caramelized apple French Toast with Jalapeño Cheddar Grits and eggs.. Yum!
First time here.  Looking forward to trying something new.  The place is real small and they are in the process of looking for more square footage.  That's a good thing as they were out of some of the menu items (because they have been "crazy busy"Well I have to say I had the best BLTT I have ever eaten.  Fresh bread, lots of ingredients, very flavorful.  The owner is  really very nice.  He came over to every table and asked how their food was, and I feel he was generally interested and not just going through the motions.  I am looking forward to going there again.
T and D sandy...Turkey is from grocery store but stuffing is the bomb. Try it once. Spinach salad huge and tasty:)
Great service, excellent sandwiches and salads! The caprese salad was delicious with thick slices of fresh buffalo mozzarella and large ripe tomatoes topped with fresh basil. Their fresh gluten free bread was delicious, too!  It's a great little spot for lunch!
Bite me, eat me, lick me is written all over this small candy shop.. They had a cute little area to take your picture and show off your tongue but the computer keys weren't' working... it's cute.. didn't' find anything I wanted to buy but would stop by again if I was in the mood to be bitten.
Cool candy storeLots of selection, jelly beans, gummy candy, PEZ selectionLots of XL theatre size candy such as Rice Krispies, Reese Panut Butter Cups, Hershey's giant size bars
Delicious and great service. They neither rush you nor pack in the rice once they've had enough of you. The fish is fresh. By far the best all-you-can-eat (AYCE) sushi I've had... ever.
My favorite thing about this place is that you can order half rolls for AYCE!  They are open late and they always seem to be busy.  In fact, I can't remember ever going there and seeing empty tables, I always need to opt for the sushi bar.  The sushi guys are super friendly, ready to chat up a storm, or leave you be if you're not a talker.  I have taken many friends with me to Goyemon and introduced this restaurant to them for the first time, and every time the experience is top notch.  Way to go, Goyemon! :)
I don't mind the wait so worth it to eat here. I love the AYCE menu. Probably why I am here at least once a week
Best AYCE sushi place for $26.95. Was looking around for other sushi places in Vegas but saw this place and it had pretty good recommendations. Place was pretty packed at 5 pm Christmas Eve and the estimated wait time was an hour and a half. However within thirty minutes we were in.Service was prompt and quick. We were greeted warmly and I would recommend this location to others!
Service here sucks ass. Don't go in a party of two. They will completely ignore you. Rice cracker was a little too harsh on the teeth. Grilled pork belly totally awesome. Food lags.Service sucks. Been waiting for someone to notice us for about 30 minutes.Don't even bother coming.
This is the best AYCE sushi joint in town. I am here about once a month. Can't beat the quality and the price.
If I could leave zero starts I would. Came in with my family for AYCE and a chicken teri bowl. Server was irritated at us right off the bat due to us asking for an extra plate and fork. (I'm white and can't use chop sticks!) I got the chicken teri bowl and almost choked on a bone. Really? It was cut up chicken breast! We were only about the 3rd family in the place and service was very slow. Getting sushi took forever with poor presentation. Quality wasn't the best either. IMO - go to HIKARI if you're looking for AYCE sushi!
Lunch 11:45 am-4pm $21.95 AYCEDinner 4pm-3am $26.95 AYCE!!!! Best deal in townThis place is the BOMB!!! I will come back here every time I come to Las Vegas because it is literally the best AYCE sushi place in the city, and just off the strip. You usually have to wait a while for a table, but if you're eating at the bar, you can go right in if there's seats open. I recommend not ordering too much off the menu right when you sit down. You have to finish everything or they will charge you ala carte prices, so you should order from the sushi chef as you go. You can order half-rolls so that you can try more types of specialty rolls without filling up so fast, and you can even order 1 rather than 2 nigiri at a time. Don't get the spicy tuna roll because it's just a plain roll with nothing else in it. The pork belly was just o-kay...it wasn't super special and it's just too greasy. The tempura ice cream is not that great either--the tempura batter isn't crispy, just bready. Next time I'll just get 1 or 2 mochi ice cream, because the green tea ice cream that I had wasn't a strong green tea flavor, more on the bland side. The $5 sake I got was such a generous amount, I kind of regretted ordering it since it made me feel full too fast. I should have gotten the smaller size. But all-in-all, despite my ordering blunders, I really REALLY enjoyed this place. Go for the unagi, amaebi, hotate, and ikura. Super duper fresh, generous, and artfully done. Mostly locals come here, so the party next to us asked how we heard about it. They were regulars. It's a small place, so go early if you have a larger party, or sit at the bar if you're on a hot date. It's worth every minute and every penny!!!
1000th review! Good stuff :D I love their sushi, even thought the wait was long, it was worth it.
Very yummy i got the taylor 10 piece for $9.95. Would def order this again. Next time tho i think ill get another deep fried shushi
Fresh,  good atmosphere,  ask me later I'm busy eating!!! We sat at the bar this time,  food and service was/is excellent!!
We loved it! Price was good, fish was fresh, lots of variety. We would come back. I think we like JJanga a little better.
Michelle was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Great experience   She went step by step through the process to my satisfaction. Answered any questions I had and was more than cordial. Great employee. Thank you
So I just got a nasty Yelp message from an employee.People, this is what you get from this company if you leave a bad review. A homophobic message from an employee. Take a look.
If your a meat eater, the Porkwhich is for you. It is the perfect blend of BBQ and burger. By far the best thing I ate while in Phoenix.
Love their egg Benedict. Quality ham, simply delicious. Will go again! Amazing place with friendly waiters
Joe and brad good guys. Will be back soon for more storage needs.Place was nice and convenient to get into and easy access even from basement level.Thanks again guys
I'm having a Scottsdale over dose and loving it!!!!I love the setting, the place is fun, it was pack and still service was excellent, always checking if I needed a drink (I was sitting at the bar) the staff was incredible friendly and the music was good. I still would enjoyed more if they had a live band, but makes sense its not the kind of place. The drinks were good also, the beer very cold and the cocktails  well served. I will probably become a regular but I have still much discovering to do in Scottsdale!
Crappy crappy drinks. What you read and order is not what you get! If you have to verify what they put in the drinks vs. what is ordered - bad service.
Falafel tastes like it was frozen.  Hummus was flavorless.  The salad had too much cheap, salty feta.  This food is at par with food you'd find in the mall foodcourt.
Love the Greek fries! Smaller restaurant but speedy service and portions are huge. Perfect for a girls night. The staff could be a lil friendly or more engaged.
My first gross burrito.  :( rice tasted over cooked,  and sure enough i ended up taking a bite of congealed rice and tomato paste. Lots of lettuce,  not enough beans. The guac tasted like extra soft avocado: no tomato,  onion, jalepeno nor lime. Nor any pico.
Real good Mexican food. Fair price for dinner for 2, byob, sat outside, good service again quick to bring out food. Not 1 thing I could critique
I personally love the 1.25 mile walk/jog track but this park offers so much more.  I was getting confused with the end marker that reads 1.5 because my sports tracker was reading 1.25 and in truth the 1.25 is correct.
Great food. New menu and cooks. Love the fresh salads they have now.  The bartenders are all friendly and really nice.  The happy hour half price pizza is bomb.  Beer prices are great. Really wide selection of tap and bottled beer.
Slab tuesday! Yummy! St.louis ribs! Bacon mac&cheese! Baked beans! BIG DADDY APPROVES!
Ice cream was amazing and totally worth it to try! The ice cream portions were decent size...and location is perfect ... Can't miss it!!!
Best carne asada nachos in town!!! And their jalapeño/tomatillo salsa..... Amazing. Just amazing. And the employees are very pleasant. Love it!
Amazing! Came with wine and a massage. I will be back! Thanks Brittney. I highly recommend to anyone looking for spa day or regular skin treatment.
Food was great. Staff was great. Chairs were comfy. Price was good. Great lunch. Clint was great even helped me clean up my toddlers spilt drink. I will definitely be back. Glad the rain detoured us to this parking lot or we might have missed this place.
If I could put zero stars I would rude customer service, ridiculous how they treated people. Truly disappointed
Best place for a latte. Order it 3%.Ask Pat to play his collection of carousel music from Missoula.
Late night pizza , hit the spot delicious, decent price for vegas.  I enjoyed the supreme slice ...1 slice will do trust me.
I love this place! Stopped going to Starbucks after I found out about this place.Also the happy hour rates, everything for half. You can't beat that. I think the timings are 2:00pm to 5:00pm.
This place is getting worse and worse. Don't spend a penny here. Esp today's foods are worst. Every xiao long bao in plate are tear apart when they came out. Other pot is also crappy. I have liked this place like more than 3 yrs, but this is it. This will be the last time.
Best Chinese I've had in Az.  Very authentic.  Not fancy in terms of a restaurant but the food is unreal
Definitely original! Great food! The green onion pancakes were great as well as the stir fry.
Good food, affordable prices , good for kids, they enjoy their time especially when a clown is present. All chicken dishes are are fresh as expected from a rotisserie. I would liked their portion to be bigger. My wife enjoy their deserts, honestly amazing . All in all good place to visit with family.
Good food, affordable prices , good for kids, they enjoy their time especially when a clown is present. All chicken dishes are are fresh as expected from a rotisserie. I would liked their portion to be bigger. The traditional dishes are always good , however some of innovative / new ones are complete failure ( no taste or combination that does not work together). Service is usually good and fast, however we tried it on a friday might and dishes tool forever as restaurant was packed ; despite  this stuff were always friendly and helpful. Recommend it for casual lunch /dinner and fir families.
Line is so slowwwww. If you like to wait in like forever then here's your place! food and drink is overpriced of course but you got no choice really unless you wanna walk far...
This was a great find. Huge portions and good wine. We will be back. Chito was an awsome waiter.
Love this place for anytime of the day to eat. Great atmosphere and staff. Me and my wife have been there for dinner and breakfast and they never disappoint.
They closed!!!! Nooooooooooo!That's so sad, they had such good food. Maybe open up again in a different place?
I've only been to this place for an after bar meal and was not disappointed. Great location near the park and baseball stadium.
Old school gaiming? Fuck ya!the drinks were actually decent and better than some of the shit drinks I got on the strip.
Savoureux. Un resto dispendieux qui vaut la peine! Service parfait. Bons mariages de vins et mets.
Absolutely amazing - the highlight of our visit to Montreal! The food was delicious and the service impeccable.
I've only tried the gyro salad and it is excellent. Perfect for my diet and reasonable price.
Like butterfields, good food and great fast service. I highly recommend the fresh squeezed orange juice.
Great meal! Would recommend to anyone for an awesome breakfast. If you get a chance to try the Whole Pig skillet with Pecan pancakes you will not be disappointed. Perfect for breakfast or lunch!
Oh my goodness. Stop reading and just go already! This place is incredible. There has been no other pancake so scrumptious or an experience so great. Friendly staff, great prices, fantastic food. Expect a line, it's well worth the wait. I wish I had this where I am from.
Favorite. Breakfast. In. The. Valley. Not a single disappointment on the menu. Such a cute, welcoming place and staff. Great for groups and pancakes definitely need to be ordered.
Love this place. The food is excellent and so is the service. I highly recommend it.  The staff and manager are very friendly too.
Trim, trim, chop, chop!Originally found Mood Swings, via Yelp, when I moved back to AZ a few months ago.  I was kicking around Tempe and needed a haircut. I had been trying to grow my hair out as I had been on the east coast for the last year.Leah was able to support my vision even though it was a bad idea.  I've been getting my haircut with her ever since.  I've since adjusted back to a shorter cut.  Even convinced my wife that she would be impressed as I thought they had similar hair.  Well, I got an earful for that comment, but now she keeps a standing appointment with her.I stopped by yesterday with short notice and Bridget was able to step in for my cut.  Bridget did a great job for a first cut.  Washed my hair twice and gave a great neck/head massage.It is a pricey cut at $35 for guy's hair, but you a great experience with a wash, hand massage, and Aveda products.
I really enjoy this place. People are very friendly and nice. Everything is made fresh to order. The havenburger is really good. My wife gets the breakfast burrito with sausage egg, potato and cheese. It is one of the best breakfast burritos I have ever had. I like to support local restaurants and this is one I would like to stay around so please support them and give them a try. Maybe come by after or before a temple session!
Great service and the food is amazing.  Best burgers in town. The rib eye sandwich is my favorite.  Great variety of burritos ane more.
Amazing! Best burgers and nice family! Probably one of the few places that actually makes everything seemed homemade but in the best and most easy way possible.
Great food, great service, especially in the bar.  Best kept secret in Henderson!  We will definitely be back Again!  The Lasagna was excellent!
Great food! Great service! Awesome presentations, creative bread display, and great wine list.
Great bread and fresh meats.  You'll never go to subway again.   The roast beef is awesome.  And they have a spicy horseradish to go with it.  The bread is definitely the draw though.  Sesame, muktigrain and everything.
Seriously the best subs we've ever had! Amazing bread & delicious meat. Yummmm! It was lunch time on a Saturday & it was super busy. Service was very fast & friendly. We will be coming back here!
DO NOT get the peanut butter ice cream and pretzel cone. It's salt on salt! Your tongue is about to get rough...Other than that, this is a nice little, local joint in Phoenix. I would definitely come back for their diabetes in a cup.
Parking lot is shared with nearby restaurants and is usually very full.  Yummy ice cream and great service.
The family loved it and we will return.  Great quality and friendly service. Awesome flavors were Madagascar Vanilla, Toasted Coconut and Double Chocolate.
Very friendly atmosphere!! Only thing that sucks is that they don't have any in door seating. Other then that amazing place!! I go as often as I could!! The Best ice cream ever!!! I get the cookies and mint.. To die for!
Best ice cream place in town!!! Their Vietnamese coffee and butter pecan ice cream are rich and smooth!  I'm not an ice cream eater but this place makes me one!
Excellent Freezie!!!! Salted Carmel Oatmeal cookie freezie was the bomb and the biodegradable spoons are so cute and sturdy!!!
Had a ball I truly enjoyed it all, and the wall of cassette tapes is also great touch
It was fantasic, I'll come back here with my wife for sure. The cookie was amazing! But keep in mind it's huge. My wife and I split the cookie and they even put the sandwich in different cups. Super helpful
Been to this location a few times always great service with a smile. Not many times you get great service every time!!
Best Mediterranean food , Great customer service , highly recommended .If you like to smoke the hookah they also have it
Very friendly owner and good quality hookah. Felt right at home. I will definitely be back here. Short review yelp wants more blah blah.
East coast eats was at our dealership findlay toyota and I tried their food and it was so delicious. I had to come to there restaurant. Great place to get a hot sub!!! Steak bomb is the bomb. Lol. Great sports and family atmosphere. And very nice staff. If you haven't tried them yet you should.
Had a great time. Bartender Melissa was fun and was completely on top of everything. We've been here before,  service is always good and though the food is good it never changes and they don't seem to have specials.
I love this joints cheese burgers. Oh, and Bud rocks! Clean bathrooms. Overall a nice place.
Yummy! Good burrito place right in Tempe. Give this place a try. Will be coming back. Got three burritos 1 barbacoa and 2 Carne Asada. All were very good and really filling. If you live in Tempe and want a good burrito I recommend it
Breakfast burrito..potato, egg, cheese with green sauce is the best.
Great food, great price! Got the burrito supreme always delicious.   Never an issue with the prompt service. No normal customer would complain as they are on the ball here.  Please keep your DB attitude away from this gem.  Red sauce is the boss. You are welcome.
Excellent food - highly recommended. Nice staff and comfortable seating and decor make this restaurant a can't miss if you are looking for something other than typical burgers, fries, and tacos.
Great customer service and very good food!!When i went i got the chicken noodle soup and it was very good one of best i ever had. A+++
Love you his place. Come every time I'm in surprise. The shaken beef is to die for. Don't miss it!!!!!!
The food and now the ambience makes this the Best Restaurant in Surprise! Flavor and creativity of dishes are spot on
Closed on Monday. ... However I did get to stop in on Tuesday. I am glad that I did, the green chile burrito is made of a fresh flour tortilla that is made in house.  The chips and salsa that came with it were top notch, crisp and warm.  I also had the chile relleno which was very good and had a nice salsa topping.  Fellow Yelpers are spot on and I am glad that I tried out this local fav.  Finding places like this are exactly why I love Yelp.  I cannot wait to come back and try other items, like the Goat Soup.
Always good food. Entire family loves it. Super busy at night. I love the ranch dressing. They have great lunch specials. 6 bucks for a slice of pizza, salad, drink.
Best place in town. Honest people, real prices!!Clean working conditions, free coffee, soda, cookies, ice cream..
Food is fabulous, chef is obviously brilliant. I cannot wait to go back. We were told it would take some time and that was fine. Be ready to eat a lot of delicious foods!
Food isn't that great. No taste or very fatty. I don't think I'll be coming back. I don't know why yelp has a problem with short reviews. I really just don't have anything else to say. Good night!
Left two messages during the business day, no callback. Lame.If you're closed for the season, make your message state this.
These guys rock! Quickest most affordable muffler, exhaust, and service shop around! I've taken them all my vehicles for years and would recommend them to anyone.
Amazing brunch menu, good service, bottomless mimosas ! Overall it's a great place. The price is very affordable too
Had the lunch buffet & it was excellent! I met a group of friends here & everyone really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.
The food is a little tough and not warm and took forever for service they act if we're in their mercy but the buffet is yo die for and is amazing so would recommend to go during the buffet time
Delicious food great service, relax environment! The buffet has freshly cooked portions. Chicken, goat, lamb meat all cooked so the meat melts off the bone SUPER
Exceptional food we loved every dish we got. Restaurant is well decorated and staff was really friendly. As authentic as it gets.
Delicious authentic food . Excellent service. Great staff. Reasonable prices. Beautiful ambiance very relaxing yet entertaining.
I went for the cheese steak instead of the burger.  Good choice. The onions rings were also a good side.
A little pricy but the quality of the food explains why. Nice place, clean. Friendly staff.
Hands down, the best burger I have ever eaten! Lots of choices and I ordered mine with guacamole, sautéed mushrooms and sunshine sauce and a side of potato salad. The owner was friendly and helpful. I unknowingly arrived right before they closed but they didn't rush me. This is my new favorite burger place.
Awesome workers who actually know what they are talking about. I can't wait to return. Upon asking an employee which wet food is the best for my cat, we got into a discussion about how raw food is actually better for her. I knew that but it was refreshing to actually have a conversation with an employee who takes an interest and actually has knowledge about such things. He pointed me to a bestseller in the store that they have gotten great feedback about. I actually came here for Vibactra which they actually had ($28.99 if anybody needs to know), it is an all natural, powerful antibiotic, anti-parasitic for animals. They have a large selection of raw dog and cat food, including freezers full of what I can only assume are organic meats and bones. If you like bling for your pet, they have rhinestone collars for reasonable prices~8.99 and up. They have bakery treats for your dog although I could not confirm where they receive their baked goods from. Overall, based on their many holistic products and great customer service, I would gladly visit this location again.
Crappy service coupled with really bad sandwiches they make subway look like gourmet.  It's no wonder there's never a line at that place
Got my sandwich in no time. The place was clean and empty so it was nice to eat in on a Sunday afternoon.
Not impressed for almost $10!!! Sandwich at sprouts market is better for $3.00!!..the place is super clean,friendly staff..just a so-so sandwich..i threw my punch card away..i wont be back..
Awesome Subs I get the Club on the Sub each time & love it just the same. Firehouse not only has great warm steamed subs,  but they've got the perfect atmosphere to go right along with it that tells a little bit of their true starting story. Opened by 2 firemen with a love for food & an idea of passion.  They tend to bring a smile to nearly all their customers faces,  not allowing them to leave until the stomachs are full.
Best I've ever had in my life, and great gelato.. It was the best pizza ever.. And with that Italy imported oven it made it take on a different type of pizza... I felt like I was in Italy.. Definitely 5 stars
Best show ever!!!!!!!I saw her ten years ago and tonight was my second time to see her. Her techniques and voice is as perfect as ever and the live show is better than CD effect. This time around her show has become more personal and touching. You should all go!!!!
phenomenal one of the best performer in the whole wide world.Have to see it again.
Just found out, you HAVE to have an appointment. No walk ins. :-( Not very happy about this. I guess I just thought all UPMC clinics had Urgent Care. But no issue, I called and left a message and they took me in the next day. The appointment was on time, the service helpful, and the staff was very gracious. From front desk to check out, it was a nice experience.
This place is the real deal.  Great food and great prices they know what there are doing here
David Wong-he is the Bomb!just ate here fo the first time and the Food here hands down is awesome it's a cool lil spot and the service is exceptional to the food! I'll come back here and try and order everything ! If you've only heard of this place now, go in and order, pretty much everything is bomb at this point!
Food and service were terrific! Ordered hot, 10 of 10, I have been looking for a place that will load up some spice and this place knows how to do it. Ordered the basics. Gyoza, tom kha, tom yum, pad Thai and Red curry with chicken. Best Thai in Vegas that I can find.
Located in the Rebel parking lot on LV Blvd. Beware: this place charges a $1 surcharge for credit/debit card transactions.The technician, an older gentleman, was very cordial and did the check in less than 5 minutes. Will definitely return.
Magic hat number 9 is a refreshing summer ale. The fish burrito was large and very filling. Service was attentive.
Great food and atmosphere , nice selection of food and drink.  They have a great happy hour.   They also have live music and wine tasting.
Always have what I need. Pretty knowledgable  bunch of guys! James is a good guy so is Arron. Wish it was a bit closer. Worth the drive though!
Chicken citrus avocado salad. I did try this salad because I like everything that's in it. Glad we had coupons. It was ok it just seemed like more lettuce than what the picture looked like. I like really good thick salads so if I am going to pay 8 dollars for one it better be a mega salad. It is El pollo loco so they could have put a bit more chicken on that sucker. Maybe a few more slices of avocado. Well it was tasty though. I really like el pollo loco the chicken is bomb. Wish they had one closer to me. :(  I am still a fan though.
It's hot on the rooftop! Personally, it would be awesome but maybe after the sun goes down and if I didn't have to work the next day. I will say though there are so many places to eat and get your evening after work drink on, while listening to some great live tunes. If you happen to be around and like being uptown, the epicenter is not a bad place. Just not my favorite, but I can be a little stick in the mud too. :)
Hot spot with old friends! First time going here, and went o meet up with the old crew. It is very spacious and I lie the way its set up. Plenty of seating. Bartender offered me a free beer for looking thirsty, so he got extra brownie points from the start. I am not a beer connoisseur by no means, in fact usually do not care for other flavors beside my Miller lite and New Castle. I really enjoyed the taste of this free beer that was handed to me. I was actually impressed. They support all of Charlotte's local breweries and craft beers as well as around the world. And trust me, if they can hand me a craft beer and I like it, there is something for everyone. They have a huge, tented patio for year round cover, while being able to enjoy the outside. The night I was there they had a volley ball tournament going on. Me personally I am not going to a bar to participate in a full fledge volley ball tournament but the fact this place can host something like that is cool. I also saw corn hole and table tennis. Not sure how corn hole got so huge, but hey it's popular and they have it. Too bad I was not able to taste some of the food, that will be next time. Looking at the menu, prices are pretty reasonable and affordable.  I would come here again. The service was great and the place was comfortable. Cant wait to try lunch or dinner soon.
I like this new ride..twist and turns not to mention that butterfly feeling in your stomach..I just wish it was longer and that the carts had more room..my feet get stuck sometimes and the seats aren't comfySo when you first leave the gate the you go down this U-turn bed then go from 0 to 60 in like 3 seconds. As your on your way up the 90 degree hill right before it bends back down, you get that stomach churning butterfly feeling like you can't breathe. It forces me to yell for some reason which i don't understand but kinda enjoy!! I then winds into a bunch of loops and spins and rolls, too many to count if you ask me. They take a picture of you right towards the end but i feel it 's in the wrong place.The ride is pretty fun with all the gut wrenching turns that make it completely different from the other coasters but none the less that change makes it worth riding. Kenny wood is an old school park but rides like this and the exterminator give it a more modern feel. The only thing i hate is that the ride is so short and the line is sooooo long. Even with two cars going the wait can still be up to an hour...BLAH!! If it's hot i suggest waiting til the evening to ride this one or loose 3 lbs sweating in line. Either way it's a quick but fun experience.
Nice location but limited space.  Decent atmosphere with nice workers.  It's situated in Rio hotel casino.  It's nice to be able to get some Starbucks while staying here.
Horrible place! Rude people and over active managers.  They let a simple situation get out of hand and kicked us out because we laughed to hard at a joke with the table next to us.  The first manager told us that she would be back to solve this simple situation after we were told to be quite. The next one kicked us out as we were trying to discuss what we had done wrong.  We had ordered food and drinks (that had just recently arrived) and were not allowed to finish them and told we had to leave and there would be police waiting outside for us.  Had to pay our bill and leave the premises.  Manger over reacted instead of trying to alleviate the situation.  The manager tried to tell us that he was under contract to keep people quite when the performers were on stage.  I was just trying to enjoy the show and choke down their overly salty pretzels.  Don't really care to go back
Great comedy and amazing service!! Andy Steinberg was a hilarious opening act. I could easily see him as a future headliner. Dave Attell was good, but I've seen him better. The service was absolutely outstanding!
my review disappeared? What's with that?  It was here and shows on my review page.  Did they cancel my 2 star review?
Burgers are good hot fresh. It's simple food for a good price. French fries are good. Place is clean service is fast.
The best (Sichuan) dumplings ever! Their authentic menu is quite good too.The big mushrooms in basil and garlic sauce is great. They have an american menu if you don't feel like trying something new
Very good Chinese restaurant. As a Chinese, I very suggest you guys to try. It not only has Chinese food which match Americans, but it also has very wonderful Chinese food like domestic Chinese food. I often take my friends to there, most of them like the food. In addition, the price of the food is not expensive and the amount of each dish is enough.
Awesome authentic Sichuan food, will definitely come again! The 冷锅鱼is amazing, I order this every time I came! Good service too.
Should be top Chinesefood in Pittsburgh! I like it so much! I often have lunch or dinner at this restaurant, it never disappoints me!
Heard so many good things about this place so had to give it a try. Awesome Tres Leches cake! Thank you so much! Can't wait to try the macaroons. :)
They have video games! They have trivia!  They have booze for your video games and trivia! The underground setting might unsettle a few but dont let that get in your way. You are bound to have fun, whether you are into video games or board games.The food is average but I dont expect gourmet when I am gaming with friends. They have a decent bar with beer and hard liqour. When it comes to consoles they have everything between the NES to PS3/Xbox 360 (No Wii i think and not sure about the current PS4/Xbox One consoles) and a great gaming library to go with said consoles. Atari fans, unfortunately you get nothing :(They also sport a multitude of arcade games, I haven't tried any of them so I have nothing more to add. Note that they dont do sports games (FIFA/NHL/NBA) but do have large selection of fighting games. Foonze adds nice variety to the downtown scene besides the usual bars and clubs.
Very good dentist and very good office staff, which is often hard to find here in town.  My whole family goes here and are very satisfied
Cheers to Chocolate event sponsored by The Easter Seals!This was a Fabulous event for a great cause indeed! I would like to thank Yelp for our donation sponsorship!The night was alive with laughter, music, wine and chocolate just a few of my favorite things!Upon signing in and getting our cute gift wine bag with wine glass compliments of Total Wine & More. We started on our way with our taste tray and wine glass ready to fill up with goodies to try.The wines I sampled this evening were, Elderton Friends Shiraz Cabernet 2009, Tenuta di Renieri Chianti Classico 2007, Red Decadence Chocolate wine and  Pisano Torrontes Rio de Los Pajaro 2011. A big thank you to Winery Direct and Total Wine for providing the great selection of red and white wine for us to sample.Also among the festivities and generous samples we enjoyed treats from the following vendors that I would like to thank!Marcello's BiscottiPopcorn girlAltourReal waterEdible ArrangementsNothing Bundt cakesGodivaVonsVosges ChocolatView Wine bar & KitchenTaste MarketParmida HomeCupkates by KateBrio Tuscan GrilleLeone CafeThank you to the Easter Seals for putting on this event for such a great cause. We really enjoyed this event in every way possible including the wonderful music provided by The Phat Pack as they were incredible!Thank you as well to Tivoli Village
The SUP board is great so are the kayaks, we weren't a fan of the paddle boats!! but for the price we rented all three for a very inexpensive price.
My husband loves Midwood Smokehouse, he's been there for two consecutive birthdays... so they must be doing something right! My only beef (get the pun, because I love their brisket -lol) is that they need to quadruple the size of the restaurant. There is always a wait... but the wait is well worth it.Don't forget to try the banana pudding on your way out the door, it is fan-freaking-tastic! Five stars all the way!I'm a Texan & their brisket is the best this side of the Mississippi. #realbbqisbeef
Great food, great service.. got there late so they were out of some items but everything they did have was exceptional
Yep!  This place is awesome! !!  Best meat in town.  It's that brisket.   I dream about it!!
The burnt ends and ribs are always delicious.  The sampler platter is more than enough for sharing and has something for everyone.
Go there. Locals say it is the best and I would agree.We had the bacon wrapped jalapeños and the combo platter.  Banana pudding for desert was tops.
Great restaurant, quality food and friendly staff. I highly recommend their food! Consistently delicious food that will not let you down. If you're wanting something specific call to make sure they have not run out because that does happen from time to time.
Live in Kansas City, and the Fat Tire BBQ sauce here is hands down my favorite!!! Casual, nice outside patio.
Great brisket!!  Great service. Love this place. Always the best smoked food anywhere. Consistent in food and service. Tried the other new one but food and service is not the same. Banana pudding and hot wings are amazing.
Just had the Sunday brunch at Brio.  The crab and shrimp cakes were delicious.  Service was awesome today!  Location is beautiful.  I have eaten at the Brio at both town square and Tivoli and been very happy with both locations in as Vegas.
First time in this new location.Meh.Looks like they've fizzled out. Noting special. Nothing really good.
Excellent food & great service! The staff was prompt and the food was delicious. Nice plating. I especially enjoyed that they have a lower calorie options menu. Did not expect that from an Italian restaurant.
Happy hour food and drinks are amazing! Great prices! Shrimp tasty and dirty martinis all night long
Not the most friendly or competent workers. I think they are understaffed often.  Sometimes have had to wait a long time for one item.
22 miles from my house and worth the trip!  lentil soup, gyros, kabobs, hummus, etc.  Everything is just terrific!  Owner is the nicest guy you'll ever meet.  So are his wife & teenage kids.
3/21/14 Stopped in to find a friendly face from Rhode Island working here great service.
Cash only joint, don't worry they have an atm there and will give you a $1 off your order if you present your receipt.  If you're into cure meats and homemade everything, this is a great choice.Update:  food is still great and I love coming in here for the pastrami.  The last few times in though the service has been slooooowwwwww.  We also had a burger the last time around, don't.  Stick with the Pastrami.
Its an orgasm in your mouth, in the parking lot of Dinos. In a totally legal way. I hit this place up at least every other night and usually drag suburban friends along too, to show them how we roll in downtown. The Arepas are fuggin amazing! Felix the boss man is the friendliest guy will meet downtown too! You can have 2 of these sandwiches and you'll be totally stuffed. Sitting outside of the little Arepas shop is the perfect place to "people stare". You can watch the escorts,homeless,drunk tourists,out of country tourists,rich people and crazy people all walk by while you sit and stare. Once done you can walk 20 steps to either Dinos for Karaoke and the strongest and cheapest drinks in Vegas or across the street to Olympic Gardens to get your "perv" on tipping the ladies. If you are ever around the Stratosphere or downtown, definitely make the very short trip to the corner of Wyoming and Las Vegas blvd. You WON'T be dissapointed
If you're down in Vegas you need to try this its a little past stratosphere and crazy good. I got the carne asada arepa and added avocado and cheese. delicious, I will definately be coming back here when im in the area
Best Latin American food in Vegas IMHO. I don't know what they put in that green sauce but I could drink it straight and die happy.
I will first start out by saying I am in no way an expert in this cuisine. In fact, this is my first time eating an arepa. I have seen this wonderful item many times on television, so when the opportunity came up to try it, I immediately jumped on the opportunity.The restaurant, itself, was good sized and in an accessible location. Being just north of the Strip, it was pretty easy to get to. The restaurant has a fast-casual feel. If you want to grab and go, you can (but be advised that the food is prepared to order), or if you want to sit and relax you can. We decided to take in the environment, so we ate it.The arepas were very delicious. They appear to be relatively small compared to similar items from different cuisines, but they were definitely filling. In this small package contained a plethora of great flavor profiles. We order several different arepas which include the roasted pork, ham and cheese, chicken, carne asada, and shrimp. All were very good as we particularly enjoyed the roasted pork. Accompanying sauce were also flavorful and added to the depth of the arepas.We also ordered the chicaronnes. This isn't all skin, but meat and skin. Deep fried goodness. This also came with fried yucca which almost resembled fat french fries. Excellent flavor - especially with the green sauce.Defnitely worth the adventure when you're in Vegas.FYI - It's on the corner of Oakey and Las Vegas Blvd.
*Yelp 100 challenge complete!As much as Vegas is founded on facades and paradoxes, I found it pleasantly appropriate that perhaps the best food I had in Vegas came from this hole-in-the-wall place in the corner of a sketchy looking strip mall far from the Strip as opposed even to the meal I had a L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon!One of the benefits of Vegas is that can you drive a few miles and start your morning with some Hawaiian Poke, have some French for lunch, and finish with Venezuelan food. I'm glad we came here, saving this local gem for last.The Arepas here were fantastic all served piping hot. To rank them in order:1) Reina Peplada: Chicken Breast, Mayo, Avocado, Cilantro2) Wood Fire Beef - think carne asada3) Garlic Shrimp - big pieces of shrimp just not the best shrimp in qualityThe corn meal bun is crisp and houses some incredibly tasty meat. They give you sauces but thats not necessary with all that is going on in the arepas. Also the Yucca Root fries were good fat fries but I will go with their normal french fries next time.And I know it is just rotisserie chicken but something about that actual hickory wood fire grill really brought out the flavor in the Wood Fire Chicken plate ($14.99). It was perfectly moist and tender and the skin was the right amount of char and crisp.I thought the Passion Fruit juice edged the Mango juice and it is refreshing and the right complement to the arepas.My advice to Vegas-goers is to take a slight detour to Viva Las Arepas for some very delicious comfort food. Then make it extra special by going right next door to Art of Flavors (one of the best gelatos I've had in the city). Viva Las Arepas!Tip: Ask to sample juice flavors
Awesome!Very friendly and helpful staff. Food was superb! We tried a few of the suggestions from the owner including the yuca fries. Everything was excellent. The fruit drinks were very good as well.
Amazing food, great prices, very clean inside. The empenadas are the best!!! The arepas are super good too!
Todo delicioso, y el servicio: excelente.Comimos arepas y pollo asado, lo cual da opcion para cualquier gusto.
#2 arepa with avocado. So good! I was questioning this place at first, admittedly judging a book by its cover. But such a great little find.
Awesome!!!! Worth the trip If you never had it...come down the arrepas are phenomenal!!!
This was my second tattoo and it was Awesome work.   Reasonable prices. Highly recommended! !!!  Fun atmosphere! !!!  This place was very clean!!!!
Simply the best greek food in Vegas. Gyro plate has a very generous helping of perfect meat. The rice is wonderful and the side salads are extremely fresh.
Best Gyro in town!!! And the Avgolemono soup is amazing! The soup is a must! And Jack is truly an asset,  he always has a friendly smile, and a heartfelt greeting. He remembers people, and and is genuinely glad to see them again.
Omg I always love thus place  now everyone has heard about it and it so busy. Love the soup can't get enough of it.
Absolutely awesome, great food and service.Staff friendly and knowledgeable. Open and airy.
The food and service is fabulous. Real Greek food. Will be back again and again. The only drawback is they do not have enough seating. They do have long lines but the management is very well organized and they get you through as fast as possible. It's worth the wait.
The best food I had ever eaten ... Reminds me of my grandfather's cooking. Love the tacos
Best gym in Las Vegas! A bit pricey but with all the amenities and loads of free classes that come along with the membership the price quickly becomes very understanding. If your looking for an elite gym, look no more. Lifetime has created a facility which is second to none. Come down and talk to Bobby, tell him TJ sent you
Too expensive and they won't let you on the trampolines with your 2 year old. LAME!!!! Go to Jump Street instead... More toddler friendly and much cheeper!To give you the full picture, this was the second time we had visited this facility.  The first time we had a wonderful time.  Not only were we allowed to jump on the trampolines with our 2 year old, we were encouraged to do so.  When we returned for a second visit, we were told that we could not join them on the trampolines for the little ones for safety reasons, but that we could jump with them in the dodgeball area.  I don't understand how they believe that this is any safer.  If one of those balls hits her, she would be down for the count.I can appreciate them wanting to promote safety, but they are going about it the wrong way.  I was told that this policy was an "industry standard."  I have been to a couple other indoor trampoline parks and they allow parents to join their kids on the trampolines in the area(s) for the younger kids (up to 7 years old).  Industry standard, to me, indicates that everyone has that same policy.Additionally, their prices are we too high.  I would encourage you to shop around......you may be surprised.
Best poutine ever, and the 5 napkin burger is to die for...The chicken wings were super goodThe music is entertaining and the staff very welcoming!Don't miss the opportunity to try the place
Best food ever I love the chicken with rice and salad I usually eat here every other day . Ground beef kebab is very good and flavorful .
Very good with reasonable prices. I would definitely check them out! They often have groupings which makes for a great deal! The staff have always been polite and attentive.
Wow, I'm Persian and i just had a best beef kabob of my life   :DI really recommend this place, u must try it
Actually, surprisingly low prices for liquor.  And I believe its open 24 hours...  Located midway through South Point Hotel & Casino
SBG burger soooo amazing with sweet potato fries in beautiful fountain hills Elliot very pleasant & awesome bartender
Great place to come if your on a budget and want good food and large portions. The dining room isn't as nice as it could be but the price makes up for the ambiance.PROS: House special shrimp wonton with egg noodle soupSalt & pepper pork chopHoi Nam chickenBeef ramen soup (as featured in articles posted on the wall)PricesCONS:The inside could use a small faceliftCASH ONLY!
Chicken rice is good value for money! The sweet roti was very nice! Highly recommend!
Dim sum was acceptable but not great. Fried taro was bland. The hat how was fine , too, but not great. Nothing was really warm. The servers were friendly and so were the hosts.  The small beef dumplings were ok but , again, not so tasty.
This is a great place to eat!   Lunch time is affordable again! !  I can eat here every day
It's an acquired taste for Chinese food if you are not Chinese this is not for you! You have to wait for a while to be served
Great food and great location. The workers are nice, restaurant is very clean and the prices can't be beat.
Small dark place, the person taking order is rude! Our hainan chicken rice looked like somebody threw it on the plate and missed (messy), not to mention it was taste less. The beef ramen was bland, no green onion. The chicken curry was over cooked and dry. No thank you, it will be my first and last time there.
very bad manner! I don't recommend!The service is very bad, I ask : I want to order, the guy has no response!I said again, he gave me  an awful face for my inquiry!I ask : can you speak Chinese? He gave me a nasty tone, no, I speak English and went back deep inside the restaurant and left me alone there.
Another fantastic cut for Rhett, Scarlet and Vivven!  They look amazing!  Have no idea how they get them soooo clean!!!  Thank you!!!
Very clean and fast. Nice hot food. I think the guys name was Ivan who was full of personality and awesome. Sometimes you guys are out of chicken though.
Great food and service.  A little crowded but otherwise good!It's a great place to hang out with friends on a warm day.
Excellent food, great portion sizes, and excellent service! We will definitely be back!
Nice area and ambiance.i go there often and i wont stop!!i love the cafe latte the paninis and the lasagna are good!!try it
Fast service good food for the price. I love the grilled chicken sandwich , I will be back.
Service and food are great depsite the smokey cigar smell. Filet Pho is delicious. Service could be better. Waiters sometimes don't understand you.
Good selection. Great pork ramen...not sure about the corn in it though. Seafood ramen is good too.
Good drinks mediocre food and really crappy high prices. Staff is nice though.  I wish they would advertise more.
Love this place for a cold beer n tasty wings. There are plenty of TVs large and medium size with all the games.  Fridays get packed so get here before 6:30.
One of my sons' favorite places to eat.Very fresh and fast on those days we need to be in and out quickly.
Forget about trying to place a pick up order during lunch. Horrible service over the phone and when you go in you still have to wait. What's the point of a pick up order?!
First time trying this place out...ordered the Aloha Chicken! :-) The food was pretty good...although I have had macaroni salad from a Hawaiian place out of state that I liked better, but can't complain for this being right up the road! The meat was very tasty and flavorful!
The best, fresh donuts ever.  Heaven in your mouth.  Soft, delicate, sugary sweet glaze. Never shall u eat Dunkin donuts again.
Good neighborhood bar - neat atmosphere. Pizza yeah... Go for it. They have a good crowd and Karoke. Free Wi Fii too. Staffs are cool and welcoming.
Wish the store was a little bigger but had a great selection and very nice staff! Store is clean and easy to get through! One of the few stores I've been in that also have a Star Wars selection too!
Lunch Specials are recommended! generous portions and very tasty. Egg drop soup was awesome!! will definitely be back soon.
Great customer service, fast delivery, good clean delicious food. We ordered over 7 meals a half an hour before they closed and everything was great. It's not easy finding a good Chinese delivery restaurant in the Avondale area so we are happy this one is around.
Don't go here unless you wanna be sick. The food sucks. Tastes like bargain basement mexican food.
The Mint is the place to be on Wednesday nights!! Always a full house with beautiful girls!!
Delicious and great service. Got a protein burger. Was a little messy but to be expected when there's no bun. Lol milkshake also delicious and recommended.
Good clean steak sandwich prepared well but needs rested after fired before plated. Hand breaded onion rings to die for. Little bar of fixins. Beef burgers with what tastes like fresh, never frozen beef, well fired on flat iron....would benefit from being chargrilled. Do it yourself sodas. No frills, no waitstaff dining experience - quality of food here betrays the fast food experience. It is a lot like Five Guys food and experience...without the free peanuts, unending fries, and clever diner experience. Come to think of it prices are right in line also. Infact the more I write about both, puts my star rating just above Wendys. Just more expensive.
Order the cheese curds and a tipsy burger. It's a small place that gets crowded on the weekends but it's worth the wait!
We came in with a Birthday Party.  Patrick, the Bartender couldn't be more rude.  Doubtful we'll go back.  Too bad such a great property couldn't offer more.
Mmmmmm.  Fried chicken salad!!!  Can't go wrong with a healthy dose of fried chicken!! No wait salad,  I meant a healthy dose of salad.....
The food looks good and original. But it tastes so so and very salty. Ordered the bad girl pasta, onion rings, tuna tacos (what I like most, but too salty for me) and different kinds of burgers. At the beginning, I was like oh the food looks good. I should bring other friends here next time. But when I started tasting, I kinda changed my mind.
Good atmosphere, great drinks, better food! Burgers are amazing! After a day of shopping this is the best meal you can get
Good for both new sushi eaters and the seasoned!! The volcano roll is amazing! Usually a short wait but you can stop at a nearby bar for a drink and they text you when your table is ready.
Best sushi in all of Madison!!! Owner is friendly and quality of fish is 5 star! Attention to detail in garnishes and plate presentation is exquisite!
Oh my, the cocktails!!Hold up, Pittsburgh. How lucky are you to have Meat & Potatoes? VERY lucky, I tell you.Strangely enough I only came here for cocktails - but got numerous whiffs of the nearby plates of fellow diners. While I can't comment first hand on the plates, dear god, if they tasted anything like they smelled (or looked!) you're in really good shape.Now onto what I did experience: The hand-crafted, creative, top-quality cocktails made by extremely knowledgeable bartenders who care about the craft itself.If you like spicy drinks, try the El Segundo immediately. Tequila, yellow chartreuse, pineapple, cilantro and the real kicker, jalapeno. It was perfect. Meanwhile, if something doesn't tickle your fancy on the menu, ask your bartender! My counterpart and I had a blast being the "test drinkers" for the staff!Great, great, great place!
Hello Meat and Potatoes Restaurant, Can you please add seasoning to your dishes? Thank you.(Note I went here in April 2013 so they could have turned over a new flour de sel flake and season the meat and potatoes but I don't think I'd take that bet.)
Soo good!!! Love the Bone marrow, yummmmm. Deff should try if in Pittsburgh. Can be a bit expensive but hay, you get what you pay for. I recommend making a reservation because it is a very popular place. I typically just sit at the bar but even that can get crowded.
Amazing food... Good service.  Will definitely be coming back. Best Caesar salad. Waitress very friendly and great martinis.  Overall... Great experience.
Nice atmosphere although tight quarters.  Food and drinks were great.  Loved the setting and the pasta dish that I got.
Had brunch twice. Great experience both times. Very talented staff. I ordered the chicken and waffles both times and it was delicious. The Bloody Mary bar is also fun and impressive. The ambience is also very inviting and relaxing.
Pioneering restaurant and an inspiration to all else that is trendy and delicious.  One of the first in the city to deliver such a strong mix of cocktail ingenuity and a menu of pure indulgence. Up to this point we have tried it all. Love this place. Don't miss brunch either with a tremendous Bloody Mary bar. Strong recommend the chicken and waffles. .
These guys are great to deal with! Worked with them on several cars for my family. I thought the service was very good and the prices fair.  I appreciate that this is a family owned and run business as well.
Amazing delicious! Two lamb shanks combo! Never finished it in a single meal! Very clean! The stuffs are so kind! The guy with a red cap all the time is so shy and funny!BTW, you can't miss the jalapeño spicy sauce. It is spicy but very delicious! A special smell that can make you feel fresh and comfortable.
The cafe isn't your typical Las Vegas cafe food. They have a great menu with a variety of food. (Lots of healthy choices) Had a great meal and great service from our server Tia..will definitely return.
Wow, what a hidden gem.   Such a cool place to see a show!!!   Saw Sherry Gordy here.  The place had a great crowd.
Cute ambiance and beautiful, intimate decor, with interesting "share" tables available for larger parties.
Surprisingly grear!  Meatball and glass a wine.  BEST!!
Fabulous penne vodka, darling! Parking is challenging, but the food is wonderful! My husband had the lasagna and it was just fabulous, darling. Haha. Seriously though, the food was very very good!
Cheap and good for lunchI've gone to a few buffet in Vegas and for the price its so worth it.  They had a variety of food and pretty much it was all good.  There was some salads that were okay but over all the main dishes made up for it.
Red Velvet Cookies with a side of the icing and Red Velvet Cake. Vegan. Nuff said. If you don't believe me, just try either of the two and see for yourself. Thank me later.
Awesome food loved it.......! Worth spending Chicken biryani was so good and spicy. The ambience and serving were good. If you are near Tempe definitely try it.
Best wings I've ever had in Vegas.Great service with a good family vibeI'll definitely be back soon
Lemon Pepper wings are great! Wing Stop finally has competition. I honestly wasn't expecting much, but when I took my first bite I was amazed at how much flavor the wings had without having to dip it in ranch.
You can fix your froyo just how you like it! Ok my sister and I were looking for a cupcake place. It was my nieces 1st birthday and even though we had a party planned for Sat we wanted to do something for our little princess on her day..... so we literally stumbled across Sweet Frog because I saw colorful little people chairs outside the store front...We went in to see what Sweet Frog was and saw that it was self serve frozen yogurt..... I was a little hesitant - I mean self serve?? Was I dreaming??? and I add the toppings myself???? How dare they LOL! The froyo was so sweet I had to keep checking to make sure it wasn't ice cream.. plus there were plenty of toppings to choose from! Did I mention that it was self serve? I mean how much better does it get? I've been on a Froyo kick here lately and I always feel like they skimp on the toppings...I was able to fix my froyo the way I wanted with the right balance of toppings and didn't have to pay for extra toppings because it's by weight.....I ended up paying around $5.00 and I usually end up spending $8 at other places with less Froyo and fewer toppings....LOVE IT - YUMMY
Nicest people! They totally make my day! I love how they come out to your car when there is a line and when I tried to put a tip on my card but that wasn't possible they were pleasant about it (remember to have cash on hand for a tip :)
Outstanding coffee, fast friendly service.  They have a cute little sitting area around back, and they can flavor milk with dozens of different flavors, which the kids loved.
Delicous food and fun atmosphere. I love this place! I've been here a few times now and it is great every time. You get to watch your crepes being made on television right in front of you! Great added feature.
Amazing food. Best creeps I've ever had. Definitely worth the visit.  The fresh squeezed juices are great as well.
Can't wait to come back! This was a great Yelp search! Savory and Sweet! Delish!! I had The Monkey- Nutella, 'nuff said! My boyfriend had The Sonora- carne asada, guac, salsita! Oh man!
Get the Avalon. The goat cheese on top of the sweet apples and candies walnuts was amazing. 5 stars. Been to Vegas twice on vacation and had to come back both times.
Great place, Great Service & the food is amazing! I  love Crepes!  - YOU WILL TOO!Just cannot get enough of this place!!  If your a vegas local near Henderson you better do yourself a service & try it for yourself.
Such an incredible place!!  From the service to the food... impeccable!!!  It's hard to find a place that gives you great quality prices & service in one!  Bravo!
Love this place.  The menus and prices are good for the quality.The service is excellent.  I wish they can have s bigger place.
The food was off the chain I also ordered the sampler mimosa cherry, blood orange, and pomegranate they were delicious
The best place to come for breakfast!! Our favorite spot recommend it to anyone living in the green valley area
Delicious!!!! Tasty!!! Excellent!!! A must try. Small place. Customer service is friendly & the guy recommended an excellent vegetarian crepe.
Go here and have a made to order Bahn Mi! We saw this on a Bizarre Foods and decided to go when we made it to Pittsburgh. It's a one lady show, no glitz, just with some cut-up peppers, pickled onions, cabbage and carrots, which come together to a 5 star rating. You can get pork, chicken or tofu. We went back twice in one week and had tofu twice. But what really makes this place is the bread, it is fresh Italian hard roll with this delicious sauce.
Just had a great pedicure by Jamie amazing foot rub. My feet never felt so good!!! From the time I walk in the door she was so attentive. I would recommend anyone looking for a pedicure to stop and ask for Jamie!!!
Make an appointment, cause Saturdays are slamming!If it wasn't for Jesse Oledan, I wouldn't be as dedicated to Findley Honda Henderson.  I completely trust Jesse and know that him and his team will take care of me and my family's Hondas.  We've been a Honda family for years.  At one point my husband tried another vehicle and ended up trading it in after less than two years and buying an Accord because he just couldn't get the same quality service that Jesse provides.I've owned Hondas for over 18 years, and God help me if Jesse ever leaves Findley Honda!
Not impressed with the service or the food. Definitely won't be coming back. Wish it was  as good as the other reviews. Must have come on a bad day.
This was excellent, quick service. Very tasty food and every option you can imagine.________Great eats, excellent service, second time here in the last week.
Stay away.  Arrived to a friend's birthday party a little late only to be told we needed socks for the kids to play on the equipment.  One quick trip later from a clothing store, the kids were allowed to leave the dining area.  Little did I know that the play area was closed so the children would eat...closed for the remainder of the party!  The play area was only open for 1 hour of a 2 hour party!?  Does this place even understand why it's open; hint, its not for the food or service.
READ FIRST: DO NOT get the crawfish! I know It's a bit ironic, but they are TINY and can barely get anything out of them.Now onto the review. I visited the original place in LV a while back and thought the place was decent. Well, this location gives the whole concept a nice face lift with a spacious and casual dining room and a cool-looking bar you can seat at if you are by yourself. Being a saucy peel-and-eat seafood place, please expect a messy experience...and table, and hands, bib, etc. This is a unique eating experience to be shared with friends over a few beers, as long as everyone at the table is willing to work a bit for their food (peeling can be tedious).I ordered the lemon pepper shrimp with no oil (I was actually impressed the cooks prepared my order fat-free) and my girl ordered the butter garlic crawfish. The seasoning was very good but a bit spicy, specially if you are not into spicy foods at all. My pound of shrimp was very flavorful and each shrimp was plump and perfectly cooked. On the other hand, the pound of crawfish was awful- tiny crawfish with little or no meat in them...A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. I cannot say this enough...JUST GET THE SHRIMP!Important tips:* Be ready for a messy experience. If you do not like eating with your hands and perhaps getting splashed with shrimp sauce, this place is not for you.* Get the shrimp and not the crawfish. Also, get two pounds of it if you are hungry.* They charge 60 cents for a tiny potato! You are better off getting some rice on the side.* Expect to spend about $15 per person.* Even no spicy IS a bit spicy.
Ohhhhh, myyyyyy, Gawd. I love it here. The fried shrimp were right on point. I recommend the Bleu crab at market value
Food was amazing but the service was crappy or else it would be 5 star. We got a thin crust medium pepperoni and cheese ravioli with Alfredo which was honestly the best thing ever! Too bad the service wasn't all that great :(
Great food great staff! Thanks Kevin for the great service for Bo and myself! The place is clean, inviting, and LOTS of tv's for you sports junkies. Again, thank you very much!
Wow there burgers are awesome here. This place has a really great atmosphere. Do not have to ask for a refill there right on it. I'll definitely be coming back for burgers again
Best fried pickles in the burgh!!! Always love coming here. Friendly knowledgeable staff. Clean, great ambiance, comfortable. Great beer choices, and always something new, I like how they keep variety.
Excellent happy hour deals! Met a friend i haven't seen in over 20 years here. I'd never been and since he was in town to see a baseball game, i YELP'd nearby spots and this place popped up!it's in a cool little area with lots of other chains and the comedy club in the same complex. today was even neater because there was a free jazz concert in the plaza. when we arrived, the place was empty (about 3:30pm). we grabbed a seat outside and were immediately served water. their happy hour deals are tremendous....nearly all their beers and their entire menu is discounted deeply for HH. my friend had never had AZ beer but he got his fill of San Tan's and 4-Peaks. for food, he ordered a burger and said it was pretty good. i didn't anticipate any vegetarian options but lo and behold! a veggie burger! the food came fast but i was sorely disappointed by my "burger". it was essentially a bunch of grilled greens....mostly like cabbage type. it was ok, but not filling in the least. the ambiance is nice for a drink spot and for the guys, ALL the servers are eye candy so be careful after you've had too much too drink...you'll tip WAY too much!!! btw....it's on a light rail stop! and....they validate parking! woo-hoo!
Good beer,  live music, hella hot waitresses. Good food. Great place for downtown phoenix.
Ideal for cycling, skating and running! They have lockers, indoor tables and coffee machines.
Love this location! Girls are friendly and not a long wait time. The beds are really nice and new as well. I would recommend to anyone in the area.
Love this park . My husband even proposed to me here . Except for bossy people . Pretty well kept . Wish they'd go and power wash some area's though . The gate are a lil small my Chihuahua fits through the fencing and can escape out of the small dog enclosure.
great park my dog has a blast. the people who bring their dogs here are great. theres a water fountain fore dogs in each side. plus there are 2 doggie splash pads.
Wonderful . from front desk to adjustments to physical therapy. I recommend them. They accept blue cross blue shield, with my co pay. Open 5 days a week.
Decent sushi for the price, the hand rolls are great.  Nice place to sit on the patio and enjoy some sushi and a beer.
Friendly service, delicious food, and great Chinese songs selection!If you want some authentic Japanese and Chinese food, you must come here!
Finest cheapest sushi in the world. Been coming here since they opened and have chosen it for 2 of my birthday meals cuz i love it so much.
Great food. Very nice people! Moist Brisket is the best I have ever had! This is our favorite place to eat in Phoenix.
Yum! That's all I can say. BBQ sauce is out of this world. Wish they had a bigger building...but the food speaks for itself.
Great Chinese food at a reasonable price. We eat there frequently. The lunch special is a great deal. His family owned, and we prefer it to Chinese fast food  The General chicken is the house specialty
Beautiful 1 year smash cake photos!Nick did an amazing job with our one year photos. Patient and captured just what I was looking for. Always professional and always awesome!
Man this place has good frozen yogurt and the toppings are even better! You can't go wrong here.
Love, love, love the Stuffed Eggplant Parmesan. Fresh salad and great bread!Husband had the English Baked Cod. Cooked to perfection. Great flavor.
Worst sandwich place ever. Don't even deserve one star. So disappointed. Evrything is good except the sandwich. Lol. Not at all recommended.
So delicious, clean and authentic! Highly recommended!  They even had real young white coconuts, my favorite :)
Beefstro salad is where it's at! Every time I have been to an Oregano's location, I have never been disapointed with having great service. At times, the wait can be a little long but they are busy so I can understand why.
Italian gold wings are crack!  Food is slow.
This location is just okay.  Prefer the Tempe location above all. The staff is really slow and had to request refills again and again then after sitting for thirty minutes track down the bill since the waitress was talking.  Won't return for service but food was okay
TURN DOWN THE MUSIC. It is impossible to have a conversation. Food is great. Service is good. We go on off times because then noise of people yelling over the music.
Always a great gathering place with the best pizza and servers in Arizona!  Always personable and talk about a salad that is a starter will take it over the topGive it a try you will be a regular!!!
This place is friendly and great!I came to Vegas on a whim to visit a friend, and this place was the closest waxing salon with the best reviews. It didn't hurt that they were offering a Yelp check-in special, as well as a first-timer's special price. I was able to book an appointment that afternoon and was tended to almost immediately. The esthetician was very friendly and professional and did a decent job. Just a few minor left over, but nothing to cry about. And, she gave me some great tips on how to maintain the job. The Yelp check-in gift was a really great bonus! I'd definitely come here again.
My new favorite spot for waxing services. Taylor did an excellent job on my Brazilian & Under Arms she was quick and painless. I will be returning in 4 wks. It was easy to set an appointment as well. The staff was friendly and the environment was clean.
Very polite and professional! Great prices and very clean. I was very nervous going in but the overall experience was delightful besides a tiny bit of pain haha. Will definitely be going back!
DeAnna is the best!!! Highly recommend. Quick, clean and they make an already awkward situation not so bad. The shower scrubs are great!
Very fast drive thru. My bacon burrito was a little on the soft bacon side for me. Ask for cruncy and it would have been a ten. I added pico to it great flavor combo as good as at home. Tortillas were fresh always a plus.
Twenty minutes for 1 cheeseburger in the drive through, I'll never go back. Totally unacceptable for fast food.
Best authentic Mexican food I have ever eaten. We had tacos and carne asada fries and we were sad that this was our last day in Vegas.
Spicy pork! Literally so amazing! So go eat a ton of tacos. It's so worth it.
Hella good tacos - especially al pastor.  Been here a few times and I occassionally have day dreams of this place during my taco craves :)  Theyre open late too!
Everything from quesadillas to beef brain tacos, everything is tasty! I love this place so much! My friends and I were all getting tired, but we had to drive back to Saint George that night and everyone wanted tacos. We tried other places, but most of them were 21+ and one of my friends wasn't 21, so we found Tacos El Gordo. When we got there, it seemed to have a long line trailing outside, but it didn't take long until we were inside ordering.Their spicy pork tacos are to die for! And if you order peppers and onions, beware! They are super tasty, but way spicy (and I can handle a lot of spice)!I have recommended this to everyone going to Vegas because it is totally worth it and is super close to everything on the strip.Go to Tacos El Gordo, you won't regret it!!!
Overall: Greasy tasty tacos on the strip until 5am, yeah!Pros- lengua, lengua, and more lengua- adobadoCons- SuaderoSidenote:- lines are way confusing and crowded- get everything on it- horchata is not as milky- if you are far, the cab ride is worth it- So you're going to order (insert number here) tacos? Now add 4-5 more.
Good and cheap. The place to be for overnight Mexican taco fix. Walking distance from the Wynn.
Excellent food. Fast service. Nice help. Limited menu. No chicken. My wife & I happened upon this simple fast paced authentic mexican restaurant while on vay-kay in Vegas last week.  The chef was helpful, friendly and made us a quick variety of food. Very casual. Muy delicioso!
Hands down the best Mexican anything I have ever put it my mouth! Don't be intimidated by the line just shut up stand there and wait for it!
This place is out of business. When we come to vegas we like to eat here. So we stopped. And saw they were no longer in business
Good food, better beer, great service! Place is great for catching a match or grabbing dinner. Not a bar style atmosphere which I like! Recommend the fish and chips with any beer ... But Guinness is best!
Shanna Nakachi is an AMAZING hair stylist..!!! She cut and colored my hair and it turned out amazing.!!! I highly recommend Shanna as your one and only personal hair stylist in Las Vegas!!!  She even does extensions!! :)
Wonderful crepe pancakes and great service!!my waiter was very attentive ...food was out in less than ten minutes I was amazed Everything was perfect...I will go back and take my family next time!
Shattered my iPhone screen and was given a quote to fix at $139 over phone... drive down to store, and was told it is actually $329. Boo. Can't comment on their actual service, cause the hefty price tag scared me away.
How fun!!! Thanks for the tickets, Yelp!!There was so much we loved about this event, and so much that can be improved. The pros were that some of our absolute favorite breweries were there and we were able to try things we've been interested in but didn't wanna commit to a sixer. The food was absolutely delicious and thank goodness for the hand washing stations outside of the port-a-potties. The cons were that the port-a-potties were all on one side of the event, pulling you far far away from the festivities, the lines for food were more than an hour long and by the halfway point, most of the breweries were tapped out of some of the more exciting brews on the menu. We found the Yelp tent at around 5:30, and were really looking forward to the delicious pretzel necklaces, but they were all gone, so we stocked up on pins and a bottle opener. The man (I forget his name) greeted me with a hug because I was one of the winners of free tickets - and that made me glad. I'm interested to see what next year brings with the Beer Fest, for sure.
Food was delicious, the veggie pizza is a win! Something about pizza and slot machines just go hand in hand
MUCH better than sauce. Totally underrated. The side of veggies is to die for and usually I hate vegetables. Big fan.
Poor service, way to expensive. Would have got more for less at pita jungle. Had like three little trailed of peta and  like 4 veggies. This place sucks. Should have went to peda jungle would have got more for less!
Best dentist in Vegas! I would have to say its actually hard to find a caring doctor who is willing to go above and beyond. I remember vividly the day when my mother called me crying about a tooth ache. She never goes to the dentist or doctor for minor things and i knew she was in major pain. I contacted Silver State Smiles and told them the situation. Unfortunately, they were booked that day but after Dr. Tongsiri heard the story of my mother, she made time to fit my mother in ASAP in order to relieve her of her pain. They even had a follow up with me regarding the pain and medication.  I knew at that moment that this would be my dentist for life. If  they went above and beyond for my mother, i am certainly positive that they would do the same for me. Thank you Silver State Smiles.
Tasty, simple food.  Quick service, good price, nice little place.And Yelp is ridiculous in that it won't let me post a short review. If I don't want to write a long winded review I should not be forced to!
This is not a fancy place but this is a tasty place ! The service was quick and friendly. The menu has the traditional Vietnamese favourites including Bun Bo Hue... Yes I must be back for the Bun Bo Hue! This time around I had the beef pho and it was absolutely delicious. The broth was fragrant and right up there with the bettor pho's in town. This could quickly become one of my faves for lunch since it is walking distance from my work.
Fun atmosphere good coffee and tender muffins. I love that the lattes come in tall beer glasses, too fun!
The girls do a fantastic job! I can't say enough positive things about this salon!The first time I visited, I was expecting another typical inexpensive nail salon. The salon itself is adorable. The staff are timely, sweet, and great at what they're doing!Make an appointment because they're always busy, but for good reason! The prices are low, but the service is beyond exceptional. You won't be disappointed :)
Bad place for nail services !!! Don't recommend it at all !! Their employee talked to me In a rude way just while I was asking for service !!
One word...Amazing! Try the Brulee burger... You're welcome :) it's a small place but makes up for in flavor. Even the seasoned fries are delicious. By far in my top 3!
Came here the first time and they recommended the beach house and the brûlée. Went with the brûlée and it was really good. Worth it for $7.Came here for a second time and tried the beach house. SOO different, but it's still a solid choice nonetheless.Cons: The baskets, chairs and tables need to be better cleaned. I got unlucky and got some sticky residue on some furniture.
Great burger and fries for the money. Had a basic cheese burger and it was amazing.   The place seemed a bit dirty not horrible but they could use some help cleaning up.
Very tasty Jack Daniel's burger after conquering Mont Royal!!!  Good wings as well.
Cool place. Great burgers. Decent pricing. Nice service. I'll be back ! They have tv's and good beer as well besides the place they are known for "burgers "
Do not get a filling from this guy.  I have to replace the tooth this joker made!!  They seemed nice and like they knew what was going on....but this dental work is deplorable, Stay away from this office!
Here  for the amazing Cirque performance.  Awesome seats !!! In section 102 row F.I have never been here for a sports event, only Arts/Cultural.  I must say that floor seats are really not great for the events that I have seen here.  When they set up the stage it is usually pretty high, so if you are on the floor you are always looking up.  Also if the stage is long, you are not only looking up but, left and right.  The better seats are 1st balcony section 101 & 102.  If you can sit in the row F, that is the 1st row and its GREAT.  However, in 101 & 102 the 1st 15 rows are great !!   Actually, pretty much anything on the 1st level balcony are real great seats.
Outstanding dining experience. Some of the best nigiri I've ever had. A real authentic Japanese restaurant
Ordered last night double bacon cheesburger pizza,It's was delicious!!!!It was a few mins late but the driver was such a great spirit he mad my night I give it a 2 thumbs up and will call every time I'm in Las Vegas
Yummy yogurt and friendly service! The owner is very kind, always greets you with a smile, and the place is always clean and tidy! This is our favorite place to have dessert in Anthem, we go at least once a week, maybe more now that I'm pregnant!
Great coffee. Great staff. Great vibe.Small.Modern.Really great.Stop in.Definitely going back.
Busy, but the line moves fast. That seems to be a standard at Chipotle. However, I have to admit I love the food. I have never had a bad burrito/bowl and, it is always fresh. The amount of food is enough to fill you up with out the chips, but I always have to order them. There is something about the chips... a hint of lime, I think. The staff is very knowledgable and will answer all your questions.
Good was good. Servers try to move things quickly but don't really listen well. Missed an item so went back up and they assisted quickly.
Food and service is really good. I do recommend it if you love wine and Seafood! I had the cod and it was very tasty. It's a little pricey and the selection is very small.
The Chicken Gyro with fresh cut Lemon Oregano fries is AMAZING.. So why didn't I try this place sooner??? That's the question that taunts me to this very moment as I write this review. I'm in Blakney shopping, enjoying the live music on the weekends and taking my daughter to get Five Guys (right next door) and not once did I think to step foot into Greco until just recently. My husband and I were hungry and of course my daughter wanted Five Guys and we of course are not fans of burgers and greasy fries. So my daughter suggested we step into the quaint restaurant next door and we DID. This was one of the BEST IDEAS ever, we both ordered the Chicken Gyro and my husband got hummus as a side and I ordered the Lemon Oregano fries (which my husband ate majority of). The service was on point and the food was made FRESH and the taste was perfect. We entered the restaurant only 15 minutes before closing and the manager was so nice in catering to us and coming over to the table and talking with us trying to figure out the same question we ask ourselves "Why is this our first time in the restaurant"? He ensured us that we would not be disappointed and he was definitely correct. We LOVED it and we have been back twice since our first visit and I indulged in the same item, my husband has also tried the lamb burger and he enjoyed it.Check out Greco Fresh Grille and again I highly recommend the chicken gyro and the fresh cut lemon oregano fries.
The best Greek food in the area. Excellent!!! I had the gyro and it was extremely well put together. If they dropped the price $1 or $2 I would be here literally every day for it.
Best potstickers ever!  We got the pork dumplings, sichuan chicken, and beef noodle soup.The pork dumplings were definitely home made, the chives in it tasted really fresh, and the dumplings were huge and crispy.  The sichuan chicken was definitely an Americanized dish, but the sauce on it was really good.Also, the owners are so incredibly nice!  They came out and helped jump start our car when the battery died!
Moo Shu Noodles are super yummy!Great food, slow service.  As authentic a Chinese Noodle Place you're going to find outside of the Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.  If you're not in a hurry, I definitely recommend this place as a reliable spot for delicious and authentic Chinese food, especially the noodle dishes popular in northern China.
Dylan was super friendly and helpful.  Quick service but always a great job! This company is always ready to help when needed.
Excellent sausage pizza and great lunch specials...check out happy hour too..you won't be disappointed!!
Brick oven baked pizza. Good stuff. Not the best but it's worth the stop. Hot bartenders too. Good beer on tap and a nice atmosphere. Have the pepperoni. Go during happy hour
The best pizza and food and Caesar salad(real)Amazing and fresh, vegetables, tomatoes and Mozzarella great!!
Yo! Dis place be needin' mo' couches, you know what I'm saaaaayin? I mean like its cool n all, but dayum these chairs be maaaaad uncomfy yo.Hook me up with some comfy couches and I'm all over this joint. They got some mad good books up in here, like the biography of Danica Patrick - that dope NASCAR girl. Yeah man, this place tight.But bring a cushion, cuz those chairs be hella no good. And don't bring a large group... they'll make you squish.
Amazing cupcakes. Really moist cupcakes and beautifully decorated!! I can't wait to go back and try the other flavors, everything looked wonderful.
Good magic show. The ticket is not expensive and the seat was comfortable. The magic is not very creative but some of them are cool. The dancers are good looking. Jan came from Germany and he is funny.After the show, if you buy the poster for about $15, you can skip the line and have a photo with Jan and get his signature. It was a good experience. He is very friendly and handsome I person.Recommend if you like magic show.
Great food.. Never had a bad meal here. Also has a great selection of beer and wine. Salads are a little small but the sandwiches are awesome!
Love the Irish nachos!! And the service is always GREAT!!
Food, beer, hotties in skimpy outfits. ...awesome. Irish nachos. ..interesting and tasted good. Drinks were served cold and promptly, which is a good thing. The rest of the food order consisted of calamari which was cooked right, however, a little heavy on the salt. This is for sure a nice pregame location if headed to see a ball game. I shall return. Oh and it's family friendly.
Decent pub food, but great views for Super Bowl!  Service needed to be a little better.  Beer wasn't too cold from the spout.  There were not too many options open during the time we went.
These were the best tacos and torta we had ever! The meat was so delicious and tender! Definitely would drive a few hours from AZ for some more!
Just called and left vm. Stay tuned. :) They were great!! Returned my call and was able to get someone out to my house within the day! Kind of important since 1/2 my condo was without electricity--no tv, no dvd, no modem...no lights. Now, I know what the cave men felt like. They diagnosed the problem and fixed it pronto. $200 for service call, but WORTH EVERY penny! Keep up the great work guys. THANKS!
The food was good, but it's a bit over priced. My burrito literally only had the steak in it.
This place is a must!!! Best crêpes ever and the owner is super hot and friendly staff with lots of home made crêpes to choose from. I could have spent whole the day there. Stop by and you will not be disappointed if I may suggest something try the chocolate banana crêpes
Atmosphere is relaxed. Love that it's not too crowded. Amenities are a huge plus.  There are lots of personal trainers to choose from, a cross fit gym, a Pilates studio, pool, massage therapist, chiropractor and more.  CAC has great gym equipment but some cardio machines need repair or replacement.
Top quality gym top quality staff top quality location.Jea Jung the owner is the nicest guy ever.If you're looking for a real high class gym no.need to.look anymore .CAC is the spot
This place has watery frozen yogurt. Not a fan. I had the cake batter and I really shouldve went to cold stone.
Another refuge in this strange city.   Wonderful grub.  It was the high point of my trip to Vegas last weekend.
Lorenzi Park us one of the best designed and maintained recreational parks in Vegas.  Softball fields are always in great shape and facilities always clean.
Très bonne crème glacée.  Des saveurs originales. Dommage que leurs locaux ferment en hivers :)
Fresh, light, and delicious ice cream options. Be ready to wait in line but the flavours change on a weekly basis and I've never been disappointed
Great dumplings and noodles and friendly staff.Last time we were there we had red bean paste and egg custard dumplings, both delicious.It's difficult to find good Chinese food in Madison, so I am happy I found this place!
Working in The 'Burgh for a few days!But my room has a bit of a funk when I start up the ac...Clean the ac condencers folks....
Nice & clean very spacious small problem with my room, they double charged on parking, but they fixed it..I d give them them 5*s if the heating system was better and I can get some fresh air..
Blah other than the location. My internet went down. Location is great. No sushi delivery nearby and it is what it is. Clean and slept ok.
Love this spot great, fresh food! Bourbon chicken is the best!! Egg drop soup is also super yummy!
Nice open space inside with a cheery welcome.  The soup of the day with shrimp and avocado was delicious.
Carnitas salad bowl with black beans, mild salsa, cheese, and guacamole is my favorite!!!I am usually in during the evening and have had consistently good service! They are willing to answer questions and handle special requests.
Be prepared for a long wait for drinks, just spent 15 minutes waiting for four drinks. We popped in for pre-dinner drinks and whilst the bar area was only mildly busy it took 15 minutes to get our first round of five drinks - the bar staff were standing around chatting rather than getting on with serving drinks. We ordered a second round half an hour before we had to leave for our dinner appointment and eventually had to cancel the order 20 minutes later despite asking after 10 minutes where the drinks were because we were in a rush.Terrible experience and I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
Really disappointed in the business interaction we had with Pursuit Pest Control for two reasons. 1. They don't show up when they said they would. We had rescheduled our initial appointment with John from Pursuit Pest due to a family emergency and had agreed upon them coming in the morning. I had written it down in my planner (in pen) to come between 8-10am and rearranged my work schedule to be available. Well 9am, 10am, 11am came and went...nothing! So I call them to see what's up. They insist that it was that afternoon. Um, no it wasn't...they just forgot and are trying to cover their butt. Well, my husband was able to be there in the afternoon so we say, okay come on out then. If this was it, we would have been fine...2. They changed their deal from what was agreed on the phone. The technician finally came out at 315pm. We had been quoted $35 for the initial then $80 to cover the next 3 months. Well, when my husband looked at the deal they were going to require us to sign a YEAR agreement. We said no that's not what we had been told, the technician (Michael who was actually super nice and the reason they 2 stars not 1) calls his boss who says they'll do a one time outside spray only for ~$75?!! no thanks.Very disappointed with the unprofessional behavior of the owner, who doesn't keep appointments and tries to lock you into a new deal the day of apts. Beware! Triple confirm your appointments and read the small print with these guys!
The worst. Workers are rude, they take their time, very poorly managed. Train these people to work well, teach then customer service, simply smile once in a while.
Great home style cooking with a ton of options. Coupons always available so you may get BOGO any time you come in. Fish is the only meat I eat and there are a few options. Strict vegetarians may have a hard time but plenty of sides? Friendly staff.
Very friendly staff. Great food and nice music to listen to while you eat.There is hardly any waiting time and your food is hot when you get it and they never mess up your order!
There is always a wait, regardless of time. There's a line by 7:30am, so come early or plan on being here a few hours.  I can't say I've experienced better because I have yet to visit an MVD I "like," or have spent less than 2 hours at.  I also can't say I've had a bad experience here, it is just frustrating sometimes to have one person tell you that you don't have the correct form(s) while another says you have the correct form(s) but need to fill out something else.  While the wait can get pretty long (max for me so far: 4.5 hours just to change my license.  Ouch.), they do move through the numbers fairly quickly, there are just so many people who need this service, it gets packed wall to wall.  If you'd like to try avoiding this mess, they do offer an impressive list of services online that you can just do from the computer with a credit/debit card, so make sure to check out their site before you head in (also good for seeing which documents you'll need).
Good service, very professional and great products!!!Pricing is competitive. Will definitely do business with them again!
Service sucks. And why is it called Gourmet? Subway is way better! Not coming back for sure
Courtney is awesome!  She transformed my husband's mid-back length into a short, professional cut, and offered great tips on styling & what to expect in the coming weeks.  She came highly recommended by her coworkers for the job, and I couldn't agree more.Price is also extremely affordable here.  The haircut & shampoo, beard shaping, eyebrow trim, hot towel treatment and shoulder massage together were less than $17.  If I were a guy (or maybe a lady looking for a masculine cut) this is where I'd go.
Nice atmosphere and good food. Service is good overall, but inconsistent at times. We've experienced this during when they are and aren't busy. It's seems to be a popular place, and I'm sure it has a lot to do with the food ;)
Love this place! The food is always good and the service is great! (If at all possible, ask for Anthony as your server. He's absolutely amazing, extremely nice and his hospitality is second to none.) The beer is great and you have to get a pazooki! Great family place and always a good go to spot!
A pregnant girls dream..nom nom. Super delicious. Owners are very nice. Staff is always very helpful and polite.
Sea salt Carmel is amazing!!!I love this place. The line is always out the door but dont let that turn you away. It is absolutly worth it. The service is always great and they let you test however many you want. Love love love this place!!!
Absolutely delicious and an extremely excited/friendly staff! I always get greeted the moment I walk through the door. The gelato hits the spot and they always have some new/fun flavor of the season. I loved the Guinness flavor and irish whiskey flavor for St. Patricks day.
Great anytime of the day month or year! Amazing flavor choices in sorbets and gelato. Had a nice tasting with the owner Kristen and recommend some amazingly delicious parings like dark chocolate and raspberry!
Amazing!! Can't get enough of Frost. It is always hard to decide on which flavor combination to get. Any choice you make you won't be disappointed.
Love eating here.. like a nice piece of Tucson here in Gilbert! They give me extra cookies when I ask.. and alway such a friendly staff!
Super yummy but super expensive!!!   I went for brunch and am still hungry after my awesome peanut butter bowl!
Sympa pour se détendre en fin de semaine. Ne pas rater les 5@7 ! Ambiance sympa. Pour la musique ça dépend vraiment des jours on va dire...
Long wait on a Sunday, worth it... Friendly staff and outstanding Brunch!  We'll be back!PAD SI EOW
Good start muscles were generous and tasty.  Unfortunately they did not compare well with a French restaurant in New Jersey my home state. I had high expectations being in Montreal.
Standard diner food. Big portions. Extremely slow service during Sunday brunch. I got the billy goat which is smoked salmon, spinach, goat cheeses, poached eggs with hollandaise sauce all over a bagel. It was fine.
Simply exceptional food and amazing service. We came here for lunch in February and had to come back for dinner. The wait staff are very knowledgeable on both the food and wine. As you'd expect from a chefs hat restaurant the presentation and taste of the food us incredible. Highly recommended
Great Meat Ball Subs.i only had one Meatball from there I just moved here, I haven't been here two weeks yet, but I always ask for Delivery, but when I get my Social Security check next month, I am going to start getting the 20 inch Subs, I want to try them all!
I cannot believe a bbq sandwich by it self is $8. Only about 3 or 4 oz. Of meat. Prices at Sonnys have gone through the roof.
great staff..fast..clean..food is amazing.! food made fresh & was filling..love the fries.
Superb customer service, the bacon is so crisp, and I enjoy the accessories and add ons to the burgers
I love this store! Big, clean, and the clerks are great!! I found everything I needed and then some! Open early & open late! Iam so glad they opened a store in East Liberty  The music department has a good selection and great CDs on SALE!    The food selection have most name brands and the produce is very fresh
salted caramel corn froyo is good. and they have lichee and taro! nice atmosphere, full of college students, presumably mostly from Pitt.
Döner hat nicht geschmeckt, Location für arme :( keine Klasse kein Stil Mitarbeiter wirken leblos, keine Empfehlung.
Place was dirty.. Table, floors, counters, drink station.The place is small and very crowded. They need to tint the store front windows or put shades. The sun beats in on the south facing windows. The donuts that are baking in the glass case as you walk in don't make the place any more appealing.Won't return to this location.
If your looking for Latin women then this is the spot for you. Jessica knew what was she was doing and got the knots out of my back. I'll be back again..
Excellent Chilaquilas! I highly recommend it! The diet coke was also fantastic, I know that sounds weird but it tasted different, it was really good.
So the time is has come for $1 truck to need new tires.  So you are probably thinking i was more excited than a teenager watching scrambled channels.  Well you were wrong. Fortunately though this place roxxors my soxxors.  I pulled up figuring I would have to say no to a million questions and just want to blurt out give me the damn tires that i came in here for. In this case I was wrong. Derreck has very good customer service skills and made everything quick and easy.  I found the tires I wanted at the lowest price I could find on the net and I was in and out with 40 minutes.  Also, they took my best tire off and even put it on my spare.  The next time I need tires I definitely will come back.  Great service, quick, affordable, and i believe there is even a warranty.
Sorted me out in a hurry.. Great place and friendly staff!
This place is awesome, service staff is great, food is not good, it's excellent. I eat here all the time, kids night on Tuesday, wing night on Monday and Sunday, Thursday is buy 1Get 1 apps
Simply amazing! Reminds me of the south in a good way! Very friendly staff, nice atmosphere, good for family or friends. Corn bread rocked, the blacken salmon I got was really good, and the pork chop and ribs also ordered at my table were completely devoured. Glad we came here instead of Niki's Thai kitchen, not that niki's isn't good because it is, this is just awesome, and kind of unnoticeable from the outside. I will be back for sure.
Dr Sutton is great. My back and neck feel great. I met Dr Sutton at Oakwood Country Club at a tennis tournament. We had a booth beside each other. His staff is friendly knowledgeable.  Dr Sutton adjusted my back and my neck very well. The massage felt marvelous. Two of my friends come to Abundant Health. They really like this service as well
Here to see Mergence!!  Great show, amazing venue... excellent service.  Whats not to like!?
This place is like a fine wine, gets better with age. Best venue in AZ! Great music all the time and the food is not your typical bar menu either. That's how you do it!
Little corner shop situated in the heart of plateau of Mont-Royal. Decided to stop by with the wife and have ourselves some ice cream. I took a 2 scoop sugar ice cream cone with one being cafe and the other being stracciatella. The cafe ice cream is palpable. Sooooo yumm!Service is extremely friendly and polite and left a great impression on me.The price tag is a bit steep but what ice cream store isn't?Will definitely visit again.
always mess up my nachos. never give me back change. i ask them not to put pico de gallo and then they take off the beans or anything else. sometimes they just put everything in it. ALWAYS CHECK YOUR ORDER BEFORE YOU LEAVE. & ASK FOR A RECIEPT. like if my total was 8.23 they round it to 8.25.. they've done it to me many times on the drive thru.
Worst pedicure, ever...see pictures...And, my nails are the same. Told her to "even the length", and they're far from even ...cuticles are chopped.Really a bad experience.
GREAT PLACE! The staff is super nice and they always do a great job! Is super clean and the prices are very reasonable, I went with my little daughter and we had a mani-pedi and they made us feel super comfortable! I really liked this place and I recommend it or you 100%
Amazing job!! Super clean and they really pamper!!! Nice massage chairs and a great variety of services. Will definitely come back :)
I use the AC Guys for both my office and house. They are GREAT!  They show up when they say they will, and are always there in emergencies. I would always recommend them!
Worst place ever they ruined my eyebrows and wouldn't give me my money back. I wouldn't recommend going there. They aren't every nice and they do not have good customer service at all.
Love them! Very clean and thorough! Even though they are busy, there wasn't a long wait. Prices are good! Go here if in the neighborhood!
A fantastic place with top quality coffee. The staff was friendly and entertaining with a great atmosphere about the place.
The coffee is strong but really like the flat white and their environment. Feel like in a European small coffee.  Many university students go there and they seems stay at home chatting with coffee owner. So good place to have a rest or morning coffee.
Belle petite ambiance, les lattes sont délicieux et bien beaux :)La mezzanine est bien jolie et accueillante pour prendre un café entre amis.Le personnel est aussi très sympathique !
Love this place, any time of day. Food is delish, just stay away from the desserts, always leave me wondering.
Grilled shrimp meal is unbelievably good!!  Highly recommend!  We stumbled onto this restaurant and were very happily surprised. Good service, good food, good value!
No alcohol after 130, hotel rooms are a bit of a walk copper cactus grill very friendly
Here's my pool view room!  Decent staff, but the hotel needs a renovation and the landscaping needs to be trimmed.
This place is very good. Been here twice. Very fast. And the Drs are outstanding. Highly recommended
Salt and pepper pork is great! Thanks Yelp for this discovery! Les cotes de porc sont excellentes !
I think that there are more reasonable prices at the ChiefSilver post has some very unique lines of jewelry. Modern pieces of native craftsmen. Very nice variety at what seems like good retail prices.
Avoid this place and if u must go and are american and jonathan is your server, walk out. Absolutly no reason to wait 10 min to be acknowledged. 20 min for our order to be taken and 40 min for it to come out just to have the chicken raw and the salad brown and slimy.  Avoid at all costs!!!!Oh and the food poisioning from the raw chicken!!!
Yummy fajita burro and chips and salsa. Better than a lot of Mexican restaurants!! Wish the person taking my order spoke better English. Sounds mean but my order was wrong and more than I wanted to pay. It was frustrating ordering. That's the reason for 3 stars.
Amazing gym for a reasonable price. Super clean and soooo much equipment! Great customer service and very good quality equipment.
Gerald did a great job. Honest and fair and very knowledgeable.  He was immediately available to come by and help me with all of my issues.  Additionally, he gave me advice on how to deal with future problems and issues as they arise.
Order anything... it's all good. Seriously.While Mill Avenue isn't exactly full of great breakfast spots, this one is about as good as it gets. From granola wheat germ to fried skillets, eggs benedict, chipotle burro, they have a ton of selections. Yeah, that's the hardest part of going here; selecting what to get. Oh, yeah... Don't forget to start off with a smoothie. If you have kids, ask for the Mickey Mouse pancakes, they will love them.For lunch, the salads and sandwiches are equally as good. The cheese-freak in me is a fan of the "melt-down" and the "cheddar'd dip"Ncounter is one of the most light rail friendly locations along the line. In fact, it's directly across from the light rail station at 3rd and Mill, you can't miss it. If driving, you can park in the garage just West of Ncounter or on Mill OR in the parking lot on the East side of the road.Oh, they have beer, booze, coffee and pastries, too. Grab a coffee or try a bloody mary or a mimosa while sitting on the patio, you can't go wrong...The red velvet cupcake really doesn't suck. My friend Bill ordered one once and I had to have a taste. Nothing says manly like two dudes sharing a red velvet cupcake, right?
Love this place! It is a winner. Price is good and the food is excellent! Their coffee is decent, but not amazing. I am a huge fan of their lunch and morning cocktails. It really adds to the appeal of the place! Parking is the biggest bummer, the best idea is to park in the A Mountain lot across the street... But you have to pay :(
Best breakfast place ever. Not really much else to say. Pancakes and waffles are great, so are the omelettes. Staff is always kind and the service is great. Ncounter is always our first choice for breakfast in Tempe!
the bananas foster was delicious!!! yummmm And if you don't want something sweet the Hot Juan Omlete and  the Loaded Omlete was absolutely delish!
Awesome store, tons of cool merchandise, friendly staff! We were in there this past Sunday 8/9/15 on our last stop before leaving Vegas. So much cool stuff, wish I had a lot more money to burn there. Toys from today and way back when, even more historically interesting toys high up on the shelves.
Excellent quality, delicious, healthy, trendy.... Nice experience! We loved the place and are going back again tomorrow. It's one of those places that you have to try.
Being from NY and used to my corner store Chinese food, paying prices such as $9 for egg drop soup is difficult. Hotel food is down right horrible.
Second time here.. Amazing sushi, amazing service and vibe! Of course it's pricey but when you stay at Luxor you get a 20 dollar off coupon! Sooooo worth it
Excellent food and cocktails. Our server David was quite affable. Wonderful service. I had the kung pao chicken which was made exactly how it should be for most people. However, if u are like me, order it extra spicy. The cocktails were also excellent and worth the $13. Unfortunately, attire is casual, which in Vegas means I had to sit next to a dude wearing a baseball cap, low hanging denim shorts, and a wifebeater tank top. And, his g/f was dressed up. Seriously, dude? It's a Saturday night! Oh well, I will still come back.
Beautiful atmosphere and everything was fresh from sushi - salad - fried rice. I will definitely attend again and try something I've never tried before
What a great place, thanks for the 911!! Love the music and the service, tasty coffee. Small establishment but they certainly deliver excellent coffee!!
I think everyone down there at Dutch Bros does a knock out job!!! KEEP IT UP!!!!! My wife and I go to this location often not enough to know everyone but getting close. If you have not tried the "911" it is a must have if you need a coffee rush!!!
Good fast and friendly service even got a sticker yo, for as long as the lines can they always have a little time to talk to you and make every one feel important , as much as frequent the place their quality is always super lots of choices lots of great coffee mix mixes
Friendly staff. Love the variety of hot  tea especially on a cold day . Drive through can be a bit slow but worth the wait.
Food look like it was old. After looking at the pickle started looking at the rest. The sandwich was good, but that shriveled up pickle had me wondering about the rest inside.
I enjoyed my food and the service was fast. I would come back! The Chicken Basil was delicious, mild spice though. I wish they offered hot chili sauce with the peanut sauce but it was all good regardless. It was easy to find a parking spot and the strip is well lit.
Best Wonton soup ever!!! Delicious food and great service. We had Chicken Satay, Roti C., Wonton soup, and one of the fried noodle and shrimp dishes. Definitely will be back!
Yeaaaaaaaah! Malaysian fooooood!!!My first encounter and love for Malaysian food started with a simple curry puff back when I was a young child. I love curry, so it was a nice twist to curry bread or curry anything. This restaurant is in the least expected location. I got to try a medley of foods, but my main purpose was to go try the Hainan chicken with rice since Flock & Fowl was closed that day. Curry puffs- 3.5 stars. I think the pastry could have been better, as well as the filling. Kan Kung with garlic - 5 stars. Great veggie dish I loved it!Pineapple fried rice- 3 stars. It was good but not extraordinary. Hainan chicken with chicken rice - 3.5 stars. The chicken was lukewarm, and I prefer mine hotter. You also have to order chicken rice as an additional as it doesn't come with it FYI. Thai chicken special of the day- 5 stars. I loved the sauce for this chicken dish, and it's poached like Hainan chicken. It was also warmer in temperature as well. Definite must try!! Condensed milk iced coffee- 5/5. I'm no coffee expert, but this was goooooood. I was bummed out that they didn't have the flaky pastry bread. I can't remember what it's called, but it was one of my fave Malaysian dishes. I'll be back to try a couple more things.
Pricey but good. You won't regret it.If your looking for full flavor try a Hoogie. Also you will be full with a large sandwich and a drink.
We have been coming here for a year now! Great cuts and laughs! Highly recommend! You can get a cut by a student for half the price and David will check to see how the student is doing and give pointers.  Everyone there is great and my boys always walk away happy!
Fitness center...lap pool...no fuss, no contracts and just $ 2 a day. Passes available too. Its only taken me a few years to realize that this facility was there. I was so bummed that my community pool was going to be closed for a few weeks for resurfacing that I started looking for alternatives, and I found it and am overall very pleased with my discovery.There are locker rooms for both men and women and they are very clean. There is also a well equipped fitness center of good size with all the equipment that you would need both in terms of cardiovascular and strength equipment. The front desk staff is very friendly and will answer any questions you may have about the facility.Outside, there are two pools: one is a multi purpose pool with both shallow and deep depths and then there is also one for laps and competitive swimming. There are limited hours for the pools so get there early so you have plenty of room otherwise you may have to share a lane with someone.
Your tax dollar at work.My review is only about the "ftness center" because my kids don't like going to the pool anymore because of the absurd "safety drills" where the teenagers running the place randomly freak out and force everyone out of the pool and make you stand on the 185 degree pool decking. The gym is great and perfect for drop-in workouts.  Lots of crabby old people complaining about everything but whatever:   It's $2 per visit.  Just don't turn on a fan, you might ruin everyone's day.
Excellent pastries and coffee. We bought 6 different pastries and they were Devine. We would definitely come here again the next time we visit Montreal.
Pavê pistache & canneberge is really good!I highly recommend. Nice place to eat and relax.
This lego store is nice and close to where we live. A lego store gives you some advantages: 1) they always have the latest themes and sets. 2) if a theme is on sale it's probably because it's about to be retired. 3) you can buy the traditional pieces by the bucket without having to buy a particular set. Some suggestions: Buy on sale and sign up for the VIP card it can save you some money. Also check out the video screen with some sets you can actually view the set by holding up the box to the camera, in full 3D animation.
The Sweet Potato fries are excellent. We actually went here two nights in a row when my father was here. We were working late each night and it was on the way  home. Both nights the service was excellent. Very quick and attentive. The beer was ice cold and the food was really good. We wouldn't have gone back if it wasn't good. It's a cool little place with nice big TVs to watch sports. I will definately check it out when football season starts.
Busiest in town makes it fresh.  Get some always fast fresh and friendly, its fast food, but WAY better than Taco bell..boo his...zero stars for Taco bell....  Del at least has some fresh ingredients and flavors, inferno sauce is best.    Almost a 4 star, but its a fast food place.  Service is stellar, so lets call it 3.5 stars..not 4 stars yets till they serve beer.  lol
Favorite sushi place in town. Go there often. Good price and clean atmosphere. Glad they have dim sum on the menu now as well.
Excellent group atmosphere. Thanks to my lovely new bride Tanisha Myers Poe for extending the invitation.  The hostesses were very sweet and welcoming.  Also wonderful meeting So so many people who have been in many events address I.  A big shout out to Mrs Ladreon Hate.   Birthday lady .." Painting with A Twist".  Ms. Kai Jarell!!!! And the biggest party group.   Looking forward to meeting with everyone again.
Killa food, great ambiance, and service rocked!! Everyone go there!! So good! Boat in entrance was surprising and you felt like you were on the water!
Filet is amazing.  Coconut shrimp is great too.  We love this place!  Outdoor seating is great depending in the weather.  Service with a smile.
Fast. Clean. Friendly. Fresh. Yum. Yumm Always nice to enjoy this on a gorgeous Friday night. Buon Apetite!!!
Love their food and they always have amazing service! I love that they are really good with kids and will wrap any sandwich in lettuce.
Came here once with my friends and will definitely come back for more. The tacos are amazing and my favorite is fried chicken quesadilla. Their salsas are delicious and spicy enough for my taste. The place is quite small, so we just ordered take out. And the price is quite certainly right for the quality food they're serving here.
Best Mexican food in town. Very authentic. The steak tacos are amazing.  I recommend this place to anyone.
This philly is really great!  Oh so yummy. Thanks guys!  Driver was very nice. One of my favorite places on this side of town!
Great find in this place.  The gyro and hummus was great!  I did take out it was a little warm inside when I got there but great food.
fun place, very clean, very friendly, would recommend to anyone interested!computers are nice, the staff is very friendly and helpful, bathrooms always clean and they bring food to you or order you food straight to ur computer!
Curry chips and burger were savory delicious.  Love love love tea time!  There are tea time options.   Tiered trays are used to serve the canapés.  A rare fun find!
Most thorough pedicure ever!This is my 3rd visit to Nail TK and finally got a chance to sit down and give them a great review. Found them on Yelp with exceptional compliments from all their clients. Went out of my way to come check out what the buzz is all about. And they do the most thorough pedicure I've had yet. AND the price is very competitive!! Dat is your GO-TO guy for well pampered heels and neatly pedicured little piggies. He does a great job on my pedicures every time!! I really feel well taken care of when im there. They always offer water when you sit down and retrieve your personal tool box! Yes, really! you're not sharing some of the tools.. makes for a comfy feeling of less contamination with other people's toes /: The owners and staff are always so friendly and welcoming. I've also had a gel manicure here which looked great but didn't last as long as I wished .. but that was on me for spending the week in Hawaii. Salt water and gel manicure are not good combos! Yeahh so don't be getting your nails did right before vacation. The store is located next to Lee's Discount Liquor which made for a very easy to find location w/ plenty of parking. Its unique b/c normally nail salons are located near lots of smaller businesses/restaurants... BUT i love their location for it makes killing two birds with one stone!! liquor store and pretty toes all in the same stop. Can you ask for anything more? Anyways this salon comes highly recommended! Very clean and thorough in their work. Your pedicures will last forever and heels leaving feeling sensually smooth. Regarding the previous review from another yelper: I have no idea what she's talking about. Have to defend my "IT" place for: girl if you have delicate feet, you shouldn't consider getting a pedicure b/c they certainly are not able to trim away any dead skin and nails with cotton swabs and a water bath. C'mon they eff up 8 of your toes and you were happy to pay for the service to begin with? Thats your bad, no? Hardly a believable review. I've been coerced into trying other salons closer to my home, but I love coming here b/c I always leave feeling so well pampered! A must try for all locals, they're a little hidden gem.
Manly Manicure. Place is cool and friendly but, This people talk shit about you on their language. Believe that!! lol..  every time you say something they laugh and start commenting i their language. great staff. friendly and nice..
Great place great family and quality work! I have been coming here for years! Very pretty colors and any gel color you could want. Brand new pedicure chairs and great pedicures!
Chicken and waffle was outstanding. The chicken was fried perfectly and the waffle was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The lattes are alway great.
#12 beach club is great!  I cant believe I love a sandwich with cucumbers on it!?!  Its a turkey sandwich with cheese and avocado spread, the bread is fresh and the combination of flavors make this sandwich so great.  Service is good here, and the place looks pretty new and clean inside.  My daughter lives nearby so I hit this place up now every time I go to visit her which seems to be often since she is always in the need of money, furniture, food (I could go on...)
Love this place. Always have a good time. However, the music is a little too loud so it's hard to talk to your friends or even the poor waiter. Drinks are always on point and mixologists are very entertaining at the bar. I love that they always keep updating their menu so there's always something new
The main course came out before the appetizer :( and considering their portions this is not a good thing. Seeing how much food we were served made us tell them to x the app. I was really hoping to have the artichoke lasagna but came in a week too early for it to make it to the menu. My partner loved the Diablo shrimp.
Don't forget to ask for $5 menu before 3 pm.  The food is healthy with e spring water from Amway. No msg.  Family owned Chinese. Have to try the shrimp dishes.
Quick easy friendly cheap windshield repair.Very nice service, punctual and they phone called me to make sure I remembered my appointment. I really appreciate that since I tend to be forgetful. The only complaint was how loud the tv was in the waiting room. Other than that great place I'm bookmarking this.
A little bit pricey for what your getting, food is ok but not great. Service is good nothing exceptional, food came on time , good quantities. Some of the stuff were friendly, others indifferent. I enjoyed the Boisbriand branch better few months ago.
The food and the atmosphere was good. Food was served quickly and had a great taste.  The price was on the good side for a full meal. I asked the gentleman at the front about a couple of items on the menu and he was quite helpful.
Good steak, great service. Mama T was on point as always with her service! She was super friendly and very attentive. Thanks for making our dinner more enjoyable!
Great food and service come here all the time,never had a bad meal or service. I will be coming back some of these reviews suck.
Service issues and not-so-good food... poor service in every way.  Common cant find and pay good people in a casino???
It's a duo - Subway / Winchells donuts.  14 donuts for less than $10.I needed to find a dozen donuts this afternoon so I can be part of a donut eating competition.  I know, it's juvenile but it's fun to do every once in a while.  So, I drove down Desert Inn Rd. toward the strip from the East Side.  My first stop was at Donut Hut and they close at 11 am on Sundays - What?  Then I went to Donut Master on Desert Inn and Eastern and they had a sign on the door that said they were sold out.  Ugh!!!!  After reading a few reviews I was going to drive to the West Side to Real Donuts but I only had about 20 minutes before they closed.  So, I didn't want to waste my time.  I decided to cut my losses and maybe go to Albertson's or Wal-Mart to get donuts there.  Then, I remembered that there was a Winchell's Donuts connected to a Subway in Boulder Station.  And here is my review of the donuts:- Boulder Station's parking lot was jammed packed.  But, I was lucky to find a spot close to the door nearest to Winchell's.- I didn't have any expectations.  I thought that they would have a very poor selection as it was early afternoon.  But, I was pleasantly surprised as they had a small but decent selection.  - They had a Winchell's Dozen (14) for less than $10.  - I picked out my donuts... Jelly filled / creme filled chocolate / chocolate bars / and regular raised.- The girl behind the counter wasn't a talker and just packed my dozen and took my money.  - And off I go to devour these donuts.They were fresh and sweet.  I was able to put down 9 for my competition.  I was okay with that.  Good Times!
I have been coming here since I was five years old the food is amazing they have the best agua fresca quality of the food is consistent in their other locations
Its hard to find a good barber in las vegas. I went to a few barbers before finding this bad ass spot. Good haircuts!!! Can't go wrong.  Always come here , Sergio is the shit.
Dan was awesome! Quick clear communication. Highly recommend. As stressful as it was, this was as painless as could be.
Get two of the small lobster rolls rather than 1 large delicious , but expensive, YUM!
XL lobster roll 23 bucks! It didnt taste fresh ( Frozen), and had to much Mayo. Although I really did like the Hot dog roll that was drenched in Butter and toasted to Perfection!
Lobster Roll on fire!!'I secretly wanted to go back and order another roll to stuff in my purse for later, but I didnt want anyone to to judge me ;-/
Had to have been the best lobster me and my bf have had. It was amazing. Customer service was amazing my favorite was the lobster roll and their french fries were amazing.
Free soda refills until 11pm!Great spot when you get tired of the endless celebrity steak houses and cheesy buffets. Good lobster roll which has more smaller chunks as opposed to those huge ones you can find in Boston. Great lightly salted butter on the toasted roll. And the free soda refills are awesome. They come by your table to check on you periodically and offer to refill your cup. Good service and attitude, reasonable prices, and the lobster roll hits the spot. I'd go again.
butter me, yummy.Sweet butter bread excellence, lobster precooked a bit dry.Still delicious
If you like lobster, this is the place to come! The lobster roll rocks! I would be giving this place 5 stars, but they changed their menu lately and only have small lobster rolls now. Bring back the big one! Also, I think the bread changed too. It's not as tasty as it used to be. Still an awesome roll, but compared to before, it dropped a star.
Try the lobster salad ! Yummy! It's pretty centrally located in the middle of all the shopping.  It is also beside Fat Tuesdays so you can have your margarita while eating your lobster meal.  I also tried the lobster and chips & it was pretty good.  The lobsicle looked a little small for the price do I didn't think it was worth it.
Delicious...the lobsicle is delicious and so is the lobster bisque soup.. the most delicious meal u have  eaten.
(Spacious, inviting, well decorated.)I stopped in here on Small Business Saturday and found a place well deserving of that kind of support. This place hits all the notes of the typical "indie coffeehouse" checklist, but it looks authentic and friendly. Different seating setups available -- bar stools, soft chairs, wooden tables for 2 or 4. Chalkboard menu offerings. Local art installed on the walls. But the kicker is, the food and drink are better than average and cheaper than average! I had a superb soy mocha, made perfectly and carefully. Well worth the stop!
Food is tasty but if your looking for fresh fish you may be disappointed most dishes are made with frozen product. Prices are a bit inflated probably because its hard to get fresh frozen fish in Vegas. The poke they had for sale looked old and not so fresh even though the signs all said fresh fish. Who are they trying to fool? People from the mainland yes people from Hawaii i don't think so we see what fresh fish looks like and its not what they had for sale. I would say pass if your looking to eat sushi there are better places out there but if your suck in downtown go to the golden nugget for sushi at least the fish is fresh.
We used to love this place but inexplicably they have eliminated waiters and turned it into a take out spot. It's one of the Most bizarre setups I have ever experienced. People are walking all over the place so you can't really relax, no bartender anymore, extremely understaffed. We will most likely never return.I saw the Slots turned off,, so maybe lost the gaming license?
Minimal air overpriced dang hot straight up rude. They got us all in the limo then told our corporate group no credit cards
Outstanding customers services.  I would highly recommend this place if you are in the market for an new or used vehicle.
Excellent sales woman, met all my needs. Very friendly. Buying a car is very time consuming however they made it easy.
Much better grub than the MVP location!  Caesar makes some mean & spicy dogs.  The only problem is there are so many great dogs to choose that it can sometimes be difficult to make up your mind.  I've solved this issue by pretty much always ordering the Banh Mi Dog.  Okay, my only real gripe is I wish there was one closer to me in Green Valley.  I've never been disappointed with this place for a quick, cheap bite that's oh so delicious!
Off the chart!! Best dogs on the planet! Their menu is vast and the put together combinations like no other. Incredible .
Great service, great food, great everything! Chef was very helpful and kind. Place has a nice vibe.
Best customer service, good food, always tell them you found the restaurant by Yelp you get a discount.
All the variety is fantastic and worth the drive. Angry dog and the eponymous dog are a weekly must have.
Looooveeee the Friesss .Love the corn dogs Love the employees they always treat us euphoria girls like rock stars !
One of best restaurants I have ever had. If you come to Vegas you have to go there. The food is to die for and it is very decently priced.
Free inspections and courtesy code-reads for dash lights and warnings. I come here to get my car maintenance done even though I live on the complete other side of town. The people here are friendly and knowledgable.
Best haunted house I have been to yet.  I was actually terrified. Worth the time and money
Its great that they are open on sundays! Getting Bella the pug her rabies shots today. They also groomed her for us while she was there. If you've ever had a pug you know how much of an awesome thing this is! We are fans, Bella and I will be back when necessary.
Zoom zoom brew... Gf chocolate zuchini bread!This "pour-over" coffee house is as cute as a button! The staff are always delightful and very helpful. At pour-over's you choose your bean; flavor, strength, etc. (the lighter the bean, the more caffeine content there is).  My fave is the "zoom brew", hence the name gets me going in the morning, or time of day for that matter. If espresso is for you, they have it. They also serve "mighty leaf" brand organic tea, in an array of flavors, I like the green tropical gogi tea.There are assortments of pastries as well as cookies. They have gluten free chocolate zucchini bread! She orders pumpkin zucchini bread, that sells out too quickly. They have soy milk for "non-dairians". For your convenience they have a drive-thru, but on your first visit would be easier to go in and check out everything and ask questions. They offer wifi for customers and a lot of seating areas to include sofas, bar tops, low tops and outside patio seating. It's very cozy in there. There's also board games, puzzles and books for your enjoyment while there. Simply put its cutsies & cozy! Enjoy!
Dirty Chai Iced Latte. Deliciousness!Check out Holley's Cuppa in Mountain's Edge.  Support small biz!  Holley is super friendly, as genuine as they come and her staff of java superheroes will make your coffee dreams come true!  I'm a fan of the Dirty Chai Iced Latte w/ Almond Milk but any Pour-over is sure to please as well.  Each drink is handcrafted with TLC so don't try to slide in there on the morning you woke up late and expect a cup of Folger's in a flash.  But if you want a delicious cup of specially created brew?  Worth the wait!!
A MUST ! Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches, order the vanilla latte and sausage egg and cheese sandwhich
Lamb burger was good, but not great. Somewhat smaller and cooked well done.  The sweet potato fries were OK. Somewhat overcooked, but then they brought us out some fresh ones too. Overall I was not impressed with the restaurant, would come back here in the future, it just would not be my first choice
Leider immer noch so schlecht wie früher. Freundlichkeit kostet hier extra. Für einen Nightclub läuft hier Musik wie im Radio. Sehr schade wird sich wohl nichts daran ändern
Great food but a bit of a wait to get seated looks like short of wait staff. I had the Parisian Benedict and it was delicious. Friendly owner and staff. Nice atmosphere
Very authentic and family operated! Some of the best Mediterranean I've ever had! Highly recommend a visit!
Amazing food. You have to try this place. The falafel platter was cooked to perfection. The chicken shawarma was full of flavor.  For dessert, the baklava is not overly sweet.
Come hungry. Huge portions.I found this on Yelp and was craving a big breakfast.  I was NOT disappointed.  My husband loved it and he is a big breakfast critic.  This was beyond big portions and everything was not only cooked excellently but the presentation was well done as well.My kids could not finish anything, btw.  So I strongly suggest you order 1 item for kids to share.But this is a great breakfast spot!
Three words:  oversized, overprocessed and overpricedThat really sums it up and there is nothing else to say, but if I don't type more, Yelp won't add this as a review b/c its too short.No desire to ever eat at Hash House again.
Think about splitting a plate. Orders are Huge.Located inside of the Plaza hotel, this location is somewhat small. I can see how this place can easily get packed on a busy day. I even spied a rack of those waiting pagers restaurants give you along with a 45 minute wait time.Luckily for us we were here on a Wednesday morning and we were immediately seated. My boyfriend & I ordered Andy's sage fried chicken wondering if it would be enough. The dish was very attractive when it came to our table about 10 minutes later. Sage fried chicken with a maple reduction on top of bacon which was on top of mashed potatoes. There were 2 eggs and a biscuit on the side. It was served with jam & butter.Everything was really tasty, but not to the point where we were thinking "Woah, we need to come back here the next time we're in town!". It was more like, "Cool. I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it featured on that show. Not bad.". Still, the price of one dish that could serve 2 people was not bad by Vegas standards.
Delicious food. Words can't express the flavors here! Would come here over and over and try something new everytime. The portions are over the top. It really feeds 2 people. I hope people try this place. The staff actually is very pleasant and helpful. They know their  menu.
Amazing hash.   Fresh preserves for the mile high biscuits:)  Great Breakfast off Freemont street.
This is my favorite coffee shop in mtl. No bs. Just good coffee and nice people. I hate coffee art but their coffee is art.
Great work Awesome prices, I recommend them all the way.  They stand by their work and do awesome work.
Drive through very slow at this location...But i love Taco Bell!!
Good food and excellent service!!!!The staff and owner are very courteous and very flexible.
Muy buen lugar el staff is really cool  and they take my insurance great ,they have everything to make you feel better good place to bad is not 24 hours
The customer service was great. Paul will take care of you !  Decemt prices the employess are vey knowledgable and friendly ! Check em out !
One of the best coffee places everThe Expresso was so Amazing...Must check this Magical place.
Very nice coffe shop.  Nice atmosphere.  The drinks were excellent.  I will be returning there the next time I'm in old Scottsdale.
Many thanks to Demitri! I'm getting endless compliments on my haircut! I can't imagine going anywhere else to get it done. Demitri is, hands down, worth every penny paid and more. His talent and professionalism are what keep me excited to come back every time. Five stars!
Great salon. Great prices. Excellent work. I recommend to everyone in Vegas. They always accept your quickly. Stylist are very professional.
Food takes forever n ever!!!We stopped by here after clubbing, before heading back to our room.  Waiting and waiting for our food.  The late/ early next day food wasn't well prepared.   The french onion soup was very watery and flavorless.  The chicken steak was not good.  Although I picked at the Chinese Chicken salad was pretty descent.  My chocolate late/early AM  ice cream was a rude awakening!!!I think late night kitchen crew is not at their best.  Room service would of been more agreeable!!
Great job! My nails turned out very pretty  they got me in right away, no wait! I decided to go with the glitter gel today  love em!
Jim, thank you for the best martini in Vegas! Great pour and ice cold! What else could you ask for?
Great Pizza and great location. Never had an issue with delivery. Timely delivery and friendly
I adore this store. They always have what I want. I've been living in the area for almost two years. Deli service is awesome too. Produce is fresh as well as their bakery items. Employees are always polite and attentive. I think that's what sets this store aside from the rest...
Fantastic salad bar also has one of the best broccoli and cheese soups in town if you like that kind of soup! Finally the plane jane - it's a huge baked potato with plenty of butter, cheese, sour cream, and bacon! I get one of these every time I go, I love baked potatoes-you can even get them done many other ways just ask them !!! All the sandwiches are great I like to build em my way with what I want on em and the muffaletta is really good and something different, so make sure you try all this wonderful stuff, there are many other awesome soups I don't have time to mention and a pot roast baked potato not on the menu but they will make it for you and that's worth mentioning too, enjoy lunch or dinner all!
The food is pretty good, a lot of healthy options with a decent salad bar. It's a great casual place to go. The shaved ice place nextdoor is also amazing. I wish they had outdoor eating here though, that would be nice.
Was not good. Feta on tacos if u like that kinda of thing. Cafeteria style food. Everything is pre prep and make quickly which take any from freshness. Better than del taco I guess.
This place is simply great and the food is amazing cashiers are nice and very energetic I would recommend this place
Absolutely great service and excellent work. I would highly recommend Gabe.  We used Copperline to completely re-pipe our bathroom and the finished product was great.
Good food and good price but very simple place! It could be better organized!! I tried the piranha and I liked it very much! Plus they have guarana
good service. food is good. very small restaurant.  A lot of Brazilians hang out at this restaurant.  It gets loud when they start to speak in native tongue. Tables  are very close to each other. I think they only have 6 tables. Anyways, it is like mom and pop hole in the wall restaurant. Very inexpensive  to eat and good. I will be back.
Breakfast waffle coming up!  Coffee good :-)Nick had the breakfast pizza and I enjoyed the breakfast waffle.  Both were really good - the breakfast pizza had a generous portion of scrambled eggs and thinly sliced potatoes, carmelized onion and bell pepper.  Don't know how they did it, but the pizza crust was cooked perfectly.The breakfast waffle is sooooo good!  A creamy bechamel sauce is draped over perfectly cooked waffles that sandwhich thin slices of ham.  Big enough for two...if you can share.  Ha!
Still amazing food and service. A must stop when visiting Vegas. The pastry selection is worth the calories. My husband had the breakfast sandwich which was the best he has ever eaten. Everything is fresh and made with quality products. I would rather eat here than any place on the strip. The prices are also pocket friendly. Do not miss the opportunity to visit this local gem.
DO NOT EAT OUTSIDE!!!! You will be ignored and have to wait forever for anything!This was our first trip to EggsTc. We went into the small restaurant and were immediately greeted by a walking hostess that said sit wherever you want and then walked on. We decided to take advantage of the few times a year we can sit outside so chose the patio. We waited about 15 minutes, while other tables were being served before someone came out and finally said, " Have you been helped yet?" Obviously we hadn't because of the lack of menus and drinks. She brought us menus took our drink order and then never returned. We got our drinks, don't waste your money just ask for water. The ice tea was terrible and ice less and my boyfriends diet soda was flat and tasteless. We then proceeded to wait even longer for our food and once brought out was given to the wrong table. They corrected the mistake and brought it to us where I immediatly was unimpressed. The hash browns were overcooked, and spread out as thin as possible to fill the plate. I got a breakfast sandwich that tasted fine, defiantly something I could make myself. My boyfriend got the burrito that was defiantly large but mostly full of smashed potatoes that did not taste very good at all. They came and cleared out plates and we asked for our check. We waited 20 minutes until my boyfriend decided to go inside and ask for it and try and pay in there. She noticed him as soon as he walked in and said she was still look for the check. She asked two other servers, both with rude remarks of "No's" as he proceeded to wait. Once the check was paid he wrote on the back of the receipt his concerns and we were finally able to leave.  Long story short...... We will not be returning and I do not recommend it.
The greatest place ever, can't say enough about this place, don't go anywhere else! I go here for a bikini wax and this staff is nothing but extraordinary. We all know this is intimidating at times but they make me comfortable and before you know it you are done.
Ok coffee, retro mug and the benedicts were good, but the potatoes were banal. Staff was cool, service was on point and the window needs some cleaning.
Le Bab- bacon, avocado, brie. This is heaven on a plate.Street parking available along with a wait time. Go early if you can.
This is one of my favorite local neighborhood spots. They have an awesome patio (small, but very cozy with a fire place and great couch seating.  Lots of TVs inside, so great for watching games. The "Twisted Cucumber" drink with Skinny Girl Cucumber Vodka, gin, lime, mint = deliciousness!!!
Wow! Fresh eggs, local honey, peacocks, chickens, EVERYTHING FARM$ support this place! Donations on entry. Asparagus two bucks. Petting animals! Rescue shelter! This is a  working farm in the northwest part of the city, off Rainbow and Grand Teton, run by an older couple and a large group of volunteers (who still need more volunteers!). This is a rare gem. Farm-fresh produce and local honey. Take your kids but keep them on a short leash or you'll be sorry. This is a wonderful experience best had over several weekends. Look them up on other social media sites.
Buy 1 blizzard get one for .99 cents.Heath bar blizzard, Ohhhh yeah!
Thursday afternoon and u got 1 teller...1!!! I'm a Chase Private Client too!!! Da hell!!!
Wonderful staff, from beginning to end... everyone took there time listening and giving advice and institutions.
Jessica new face at bettys wow!!!   three thumbs up!!!    good good good professional service
Great place for a seminar/work function. Despite its massive resort size, everything is pretty easy to get to. The catering staff and food was great and not your typical fare (ricotta cheesecake with berry jam sauce? YUM!). I would definitely recommend them for other events.
The chicken tikka masala was awesome! :) This place was empty when we walked in- It felt a little awkward. The food was good but there was only one guy who was doing the waiting. He refilled our drinks, and then brought out our food. Thats it. The food was awesome though.
Better than most of other Pakistani restaurants. Sometimes they are weird with their servings burn the hell out of food pr serving is too less.
Stay away from these crooked bums. Why 1 star, because they wont allow 0. So I bring my car in for 2 $61 Tires, told it will be 170 then show up and my bill is $233?  "broken lug nuts" really.. i did the brakes about 1 month ago and they were fine then. They they tried to upsell me on all fluids including the tranny fluid which was done about 10k miles ago and the coolant which was done about the same time.  It gets better...Driving home I hear a loud bang. nothing after that so keep going. I get home and as IM pulling into my neighborhood starts to overheat. I get out pop hood and the radiator cap is 1/2 off. That was my blow, the radiator cap was not put on correctly. They are lucky I didnt blow my engine and get a free engine out of them. STAY AWAY from the crooks that work here.
Nice open style restaurant that doesn't pack in the tables so you can actually have a conversation at your table. Patio seating available.  Yellow curry is excellent as are the fresh shrimp rolls.
Love this place. Good people working here. Lanes are reasonable in price. It is nice to see the same people behind the counter each time I visit.
Charged me $6 for mistakenly shooting my clips. Very ridiculous. Lost a customer.  Charging customers for such things is not a way to run a business.
SO GOOD. brought some treats back with me to california. :) the lavender cookies are yummy. and the dirty chai doughnut was phenomenal.
I had the iced banana foster - amazing! And the vegan choco donut was so delicious. It is a little pricey though. My husband just got an iced coffee black and there was nothing really special about it for its price. Would go back again if in the area but only for specialty items.
I have suffered with Celiacs Disease for the last year. So it makes perfect sense to price gouge those in need, right?$3.75 for one (1) gluten-free cookie. 'Nuff said.Shame on you.
Amazing sushi. Great prices. Excellent service. After trying many of the sushi place in the henderson area this place has the best quality, service and prices. Sushi was priced great and very fresh.
Quality food and. Great service by Mel our server. He was helpful even with our two toddlers making a mess
Delicious! Very good choice of sushi, friendly staff. Yelp doesn't accept short reviews and I'm not capable of writing long ones. But the place Is really good.
Biggest shrimp you can find at a restaurant.  Looked pricey, but it was delicious and my boss paid.  Great place for a business meeting, date, etc.  Hope to try a steak next time.
Top notch service and delicious food!  LOVE Dominick's!!  Amazing food and even better service.  Tim and Jenn were awesome!!
Only the best cookie I have ever tasted!Great little shop that you will want to go back to over and over again!  Forget what you think an oatmeal cookie is supposed to taste like!!
Raiders bar!! Always a good time. Good wings and poppers, and very crowded on game days.
Nice tavern, loved the atmosphere which is cool & friendly. Service was ok. Prices are high for the food quality but it was overall a good experience
Love love love this place for lunch! Can't wait to try it for dinner. Soon! Excited to give happy hour a go.
Great coffee and good fondue experience. This place should be a good visit for an authentic breakfast
They always get it right. Thanks DQ. Muahz!!!!!!But you need to bring back s'mores blizzards.I miss them.
Nice coffee shop on the 2nd floor. Great staff and drinks. Its location lends a "hidden" feeling which is nice because the place didn't feel overly crowded, unlike some of the coffee shops in the area.I liked their Harvest Latte special, not overly cinnamon-y  like most fall-seasoned drinks.They also serve cold brew coffee, which is smooth, but very strong.
No need to bring bagels home from NY! These are chewy goodness. Try the toasted everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. Or the pumpernickel rye with a scallion schmear. Salt bagels sell out early!
Awesome people, great variety will definitely return and recommend. We walked in were greeted by the owner very nice man.
By far the best bagel I have ever had! This man is the real deal! Genuinely cares about his business and his product. You will not find a better bagel in the state of Arizona! In most cases, the bagels do not even need to be toasted because they are so warm and fresh! My favorite is the jalapeño bagel with garden veggie cream cheese! Thank you bagel man!
Try to go around 20th-23rd! How fast!! I went in 2 times, same day, and dint wait but 4 minutes per trip.
Our very favorite restaurant in PHX and I am not even vegetarian!  We had the vegan breakfast of sausage and gravy and wow- amazing!
A non-veggie like me would reconsider if every meal could be like this. The food is excellent! We highly recommend giving this place a try.
If I lived here, this place would be my jam! Awesome curry bowl with mock beef, and they delivered it next door to the coffee joint. Super friendly service to boot!
Clean, professional, friendly. Did a great job on my hungover man.A little on the pricey side, but anything room service is so.Also, flexible scheduling!
Prices where good but the service was terrible. I came to purchase and install and battery and there was about 2 guys Doing nothing walking around and about 5 guys inside stocking things on the shelfs.
right off the bike trail.  Great for after noon lunch and wine.  I had a chicken sandwich, it was delicious! Great ambiance, good service.
Wondrous food & atmosphere! Amy is spot on as a bartender indeed :)  Keep the drinks coming too muahaha!
I had the most amazing Salmon ever! The staff was very kind and accommodating.  The wine was exceptional  as well as the atmosphere.  Very well done.
Love this place, love the staff, love my results! The staff are very experienced and knowledgable. And come to find out, the girl who did my injections here, was actually the instructor previously to the nurse who had been doing my injections elsewhere before. I'm a bit sensitive with facial injections, and they took steps to ensure it was as painless as possible. I'm very pleased with my switch and recommend them all the time to friends and family now
Delicious.  Great vibe and ambiance. I recommend the outdoor area in the back
Awesome.   We were looking for good Thai and found this place with yelp.  Highly recommended.  Cant go wrong for the price.  This place is fab.  Go here everytime we visit vegas!   Skip the expensive upscale casino places.  Come support this place.
Obsessed w this place. Best thai food in Vegas. Love their pad thai!! Service is quick, super friendly. I just wish they delivered! Still getting 5 stars tho! It's worth the travel to downtown to go to this place!
Very small but clean place with vegan options. They give you a choice of spiciness on a scale of 1 - 5 with 5 being the most spicy.  I said "Make it a 10" as it cannot be too spicy for me.  My food came out and it was a 2 at best. Disappointing.  However, the food was delicious and I would definitely go back! The kitchen looked spotless (there is a window to watch them cook) and that is always a big plus for me
This place blows more than Jenna Jamison. Horrible place, they think they're the shit and they clearly aren't. I wish I could give zero stars.
It was eh...   I though it would be better.The flat noodles were the best.A bit overpriced for lunch items. The pad thai was a disappointment and the three curry plate (level 2 in spice) was way too spicy.
.Delicious. ordered the Tam kha. And egg rolls. Really good. Everyone was really chill. If u have a wait, go next door to "don't tell mama" pretty cool piano bar
It's spicy and yummy and spicy and yummy. I love this place!!!!  We come here every time we visit and it's our go to place for dinner. They have an app that texts you when the table is ready so you can wander around and not feel stuck at the restaurant.
Excellent drinks, main courses were fantastic.We had our meals family style - awesome noodles, short rib fried rice, three color curry and basil chicken.  All were delicious and portion sizes are generous.
One of the finest Thai foods ever !Brilliant shrimp fried rice paired with green curry..
Amazing! The food is fabulous! The chicken wings and short rib fried rice are game changers.
Delicious!!! If you like Thai food you have to try this place. I've tried many places in Vegas and this has to be on my top ten.
AMAZING. I want to go back to Vegas just to have dinner here again! The curry was delicious, plus a full bar. SO AUTHENTIC!!
So far so good...great menu, great selection!Ordered taking salad, shrimp lovers roll and Arizona roll.
Good service, nice people with a cute atmosphere.  It's a nice little lunch spot. The bathroom is clean, but smells pretty bad.
This place has such good gyros!! Such a great find. We were here on New Years and tried their special which was amazing. The service is also friendly and knows a lot about local attractions. Will definitely come again.
Crowded, Noisy, and the food really had no taste to it.. Don't recommend ..!!!  the look of the buffet is deceiving, it looks great but tastes awful... So this will be my first and last time eating here .. We only ate here to try something new.... Bad choice...
healthy and fresh food, nice staff, great quick lunch place, definitely worth trying out!
A good Customer-Oriented Dealer.  I use it for Service of all kinds.I have had numerous good experiences there.  Considerate shuttle service a great feature.
Butter Fat Shakes and if you are over 350lbs you eat for free! This is very funny experience, however the food was down right bad!
Great food, great service, and great environment!  We had double bypass and It was amazing! Definitely recommend this place.
Food is incredible and the service is unmatched. Everyone is friendly beyond belief. I would definitely come back!
Great people, awesome food, and the prices are fantastic. Walked this place for the first time the juke box was play great music and set the mood for breakfast.
Everything about this place is excellent. Yelp wants my review to be longer so I'll keep typing but really you should just go here it was great food and great service in a really cool atmosphere. We got there after their breakfast hours and they made us breakfast anyways. They have little potatoe cubes that were delightfully crispy on the outside.
Good food  fast serviceVery friendly staff. Beer is cold and good selection Had the menudo which was very good
Good cupcakes and cookies. Cannoli is good also.  Kids inhaled cupcakes. Good service. Nice people.
Try the power pancakes. Deeelicious!!!i'm not sure if this is under new management since the previous reviews or what, but the service was fantastic, the staff was exceptionally attentive, the food was great and...well, i just have to say that the waitresses are equally as attractive as they are friendly.  typically i'm against "chain" type restaurants, but this restaurant (this one in particular, likely) will be on my list to visit again.
Awesome menu great food and service. It's the best breakfast we've had in Phoenix!Our waitress was thorough and honest, no selling techniques We went back 2 days later and went outside the box on menu items, we were very impressed
Awesome food and great service.  Will definitely come back!!  Cooked exactly as. Requested.
Always great service, great drinks, huge servings :) Every time we come we get a Vanilla Chai and a B-cat Bomb. Consistently top notch!
Very cool decor and ambiance make this new restaurant a great place to enjoy some tapas and drinks with friends. Located west of the Palms, this restaurant packs a diverse menu, happy hour choices and yummy spanish dishes for you to enjoy. I visited this place to see some friends play live music and, although the place was almost empty (not a happening place (yet) on a saturday night), I think if they stay on the right path customers/business will definitely come. Here the play-by-play.Service: Showed up at about 9:30 and was greeted as I sat in the bar area. I had a server come over and offer me a drink, and since I received a free sangria by checking in, that is what I ordered. Server was very attentive, cordial and knowledgeable about the menu! I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad per my server's recommendation and it was pretty good.Food and Beverage: The barman was nice enough to let me try both the white and red sangria before making my decision, but I am saddened to say neither was anything to write home about. The sangria seemed bland and tasted a bit watered down so do NOT order it. My friends ordered cocktails which looked like they were mixed generously. The tomato-mozzarella I ordered was great and all the ingredients tasted incredibly fresh, and the rest of the menu offers some yummy-looking dishes for $7,$8 or $9 according to plate size-- pretty awesome pricing structure.General opinion: COME SUPPORT THIS LOCAL RESTAURANT. I will certainly be back to try some of the other dishes and experience lunch or dinner soon!
Pretty good spot. These guys spent some serious time designing the rides. Having the trilogy all in one spot is what brought us there, and did not disappoint.Word of advice, if you wear a smartwatch turn it off first. It got confused with a phone several times.
Awesome Greek food enough said. Owner is a great always willing to make accommodations when called for.
Great gyro.  Really good tzatziki sauce.  Friendly service.  I will be back soon to try some other stuff on their expansive menu.
Craving one of their pops now! Tried the coconut, guava, and calamansi flavors. Soooo gooood! Brings back memories of eating fresh fruit paletas in the Mission of SF that no longer exist.  Do u guys ship?Really! I'd order some right now! or can you do a special deal for me and ship some so I don't have to go to fly out to LV to go to LV outlets or LV whole foods to buy some
Just had my first session with heather and David. They are so awesome and really make you feel comfortable as if you've known them for years! The stuff they did was crazy! (Good crazy) I recommend everyone to go see them. I will be going back :)"
Good was served on time and delicious as we'll as the drinks! Everything was priced we'll. and the atmosphere between the plane and the volcano I don't know what to look at first
Omg best drinks ever !!!!! Great service amazing people!!!!! It was in a great location the food was good as well
Fun times!  Had a great day!  Took us to all the great bars!  Can't wait to do it again
Best experience in Scottsdale!  My friends and I had a blast Great for a work get together, bachelorette, or any occasions!
My daughter got her hair cut today here! And we love it! So adorable! I was nervous for her to get bangs but she loves them and she keeps looking in the mirror saying "ah, I just look so cute!" Our stylist was wonderful and. It was all around a good experience :)
Amazing place and awesome service - thanks to Brandy and Jeff. With the new management coming in the good had improved a lot and they keep OMB on tap specially for us regulars - couldn't ask for any more
Just had a Brazilian split end repair by Laura! She really does great hair. If you are looking for a great hair stylist in the Vegas valley, definitely go see Laura. I've been going to her for years and have never been disappointed!! She really does a fantastic job!!
Excellente cuisine mélangeant amertume et douceurs! Ambiance feutrée, soirée intime et chaleureuse. Un classique moderne.
Great service, nice menu and average quality food . 26 dollars for buffet lunch for three with the coupon from the news paper. Have tea in the menu, so that's nice. Tap water is better here, seems they filter it.
Fix your damn website. It says you are open on Mondays which you aren't. Fix your damn website. It says you are open on Mondays which you aren't. Fix your damn website. It says you are open on Mondays which you aren't. Fix your damn website. It says you are open on Mondays which you aren't.
Not great to do business with. Dishonest. A portion of the merchandise that I commissioned them to sale was missing and they lied about it. They have it in stock somewhere. This isn't one of those things that I'm sour about and exaggerating, just a heads up for anyone else who might be interested in doing business, they are a bit on the shady side.
Love this place! They always accommodate and never disappoint! Karen does amazing designs and will not let you do something that won't look good. The owner is always so kind and helpful and if you ever have a chip or break (which I never have) they will fix it for you.
I typically drop by the shopping center this joint is located in to grab a bite from a different restaurant.  One day, this one caught my eye, so I stopped in to see what it was all about.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they serve up both Burgers and Mexican dishes....two of my fav's!  I've been here a few times, and here's what I've tried:Bueno Burger (Guacamole, Salsa, Jalapeno Relish, Bueno Sauce, Lettuce), $6.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=kWewQ-xSnrT41cAiz4nf9Q#kWewQ-xSnrT41cAiz4nf9QBean & Cheese Burrito, $4.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=YLd7kIlPXgOv0gV4oGesXA#YLd7kIlPXgOv0gV4oGesXAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=bptdJoBB5ihOYMKDZxOypw#bptdJoBB5ihOYMKDZxOypwQuesadilla, $3.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=jGaSLpAupuiiDelOxf34vw#jGaSLpAupuiiDelOxf34vwThe Quesadilla is so/so, but the Bueno Burger and Bean & Cheese Burrito rocks!  The Burger has a nice sized portion of Guac in it...they don't skimp here.  The Bean & Cheese Burrito is made with Black or Pinto Beans, not Refried Beans, and it tastes sooo good!  It also has Sour Cream and Rice in it....which tickles your taste buds.Overall, it's a pretty good dining option for quick eats.  I will continue to come back.Return Factor - 90%
Great pizza - Great service - Quiet romantic atmosphere where you can talk.
So happy with the price and quality of the tint! They also got me in for an appointment quickly
Very friendly and accessible staff. Great customer service. Easy to get in and out of with no super long waits.
Way better than the academy cafe. The Gluten free vegan wrap is great! The place looks cleaner and the staff is friendlier.
Just ate here, Vegan options, and daytime bartender Shannon rocked!!!  I'll be back!  They have an ingredient list by front cash register.  Cool surfy atmosphere.  And, the food was inexpensive, Dishes were bigger than I thought.
Great food bad service at bar waited a hour to get bill. Suppose to be happy hour and when got bill was told that they don't have happy hour
Christmas Eve dinner. Yippee.Food was just OK. No return. Had Tempura. It was cold and greasy. Dip was gross. Husband had chicken and beefskewers of some sort. He eats anything and wasn't happy. Service weird and no one in regular restaurant. Teppanyaki was busy. This is our punishment for going somewhere weird on Christmas.
We pretty much have tried most stuff here and everything is just oh so yummy! Our favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas! Service is fast and the servers are friendly. Their sashimi platters are to die for, always fresh and big slices too!
Goodbye dinner for Hiroki had to include sushi! Awesome night. Awesome friends. Awesome food. Sorry we couldn't get oysters. Next time, and there will definitely be one!
Chef Hing is Awesome!  Food is great and always a fun time! Pricing is fair too. I always get the Filet and shrimp .. Nice sake selection too
Super bomb! Ordered the whole menu! Good prices too! Steak, filet mignonette, scallops, shrimp! Me and my friend ordered 5 items each and 2 sakes and the bill was $100. Not bad at all. They had to roll me out of there
The chef's are great the food is great and you can't beat the price.  There's nothing like having your food cooked in front of you and prepared the way you want it.  I love this place
Very yummy and affordable !! The food and service was great !! Tons of great items to choose from . Will definitely be back!!
Great Pub.  Good food cold beer...really enjoyed it....great selection of beers on tap.
Love this place! Amazing food, great drink options, fantastic service! Love the Moscow Mule and their craft beer options! The edamame appetizer is delish! If your really hungry the Corned Beef and Cabbage is amazing. Tv's everywhere. Great place for a nice dinner or to watch a game, and convenient in Tempe Marketplace. Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!
Convenient, affordable & great pressure! Massage is great & To the point! Never disappointed!
This spa is great!  Very clean, nice calming atmosphere, and great price point.  For feet only - 30 minutes.  For shoulder/head/arms/feet - 45 minutes.  Full body - 1 hour.  I bring my husband here after we've had a long work week.  walk ins always welcome but they do take appointments.  Ladies - ask for Andy, it's like he understands what wearing high heels does to a woman's feet.  Amazing!
It's the subways of pizza, only you bake it at home. The stuffed pizza is the way to go.
I really like the princess cafe comedy night fliers!I like to come here before a film and eat some yummy yummy sandwiches and soups and look at the fliers, in particular, the one I have attached in this review. Thanks!
Great Sonoran hotdogs! We go to this place all the time. Never had an issue, even when it's been busy. Flavor is always consistent. Good place to eat.
A morning of high flying action!Where to begin?!  So travelled down to Maricopa on a Groupon.  Not really sure what to expect as you pull up to a small hanger near the local airfield.  Started small talk with the other people waiting until our instructor Mo showed up.  First thing out of his van was beautiful happy golden retriever named Rosa.  She just helped set the mood for the rest of the morning.Mo was very friendly and informative.  He was very quick with getting all the paperwork out of the way so we could get straight to the action.  So easy to sign your life away on a waiver, right?!Continued out to the airstrip to watch Mo get all the equipment set as we sat around with intros and watching Rosa's energy.  Quick set of safety instructions and the first person strapped in and was off the ground in minutes.Not that a dog should be the highlight of the flying experience, but Rosa was so excited to watch help set up and chase you down the airstrip.  I would say she made the entire experience 30% better.Everyone walked away extremely elated with the experience. Mo was very professional and just a fun overall person to be around.  We ended up tipping to basically make up the difference of the discounted Groupon.  Well worth the full price of the ride. (You'll read in all my reviews that I big supporter of local businesses)Biggest tip...bring a warm jacket and gloves!
Very disappointed after finding out that they are not organic!! I thought a place called greens and proteins would be an organic focused place! Don't be mistaken people!
Yum and yum. A haven in strip mall hell. I had mixed plate and it was so flavorful and healthy.
Love this place! I love the juices and burgers. Very healthy. I highly recommend this place
short and sweet this place is awesome! the wellness drink is great and the tofu fries were a nice surprise! if I had one of these places close to home I would come here every day!
Employees are flat out rude!  Everyone seems like they don't want to be there! No hello, no thank you. It is more like a self serve place. You do everything but cook your own food!
Very good food and quick service :) the chicken pesto flatbread was great and so is the blimey limey smoothie
Ordered a pizza that came out super cold! In addition to that it tasted horrible. When asked for fork/knife, and ranch we didn't receive it until the end w/ our check! Horrible customer service and food!
Great place to eat! Been there several times and it's always soooooo good. Friendly staff, lots of beer on tap equal good times.
Great ice cream, great prices!  Quaint little ice cream shop. Our family of six each had a yummy dessert for under $20!
Funfetti cookies Nuff said Add triple caramel and there's more than Nuff said Only problem that I had was that the line was too long
Delicious and cheap ! They cookies are soft and taste fresh also.I recommend if you're in the area
Delicious and cheap ! They cookies are soft and taste fresh also.I recommend if you're in the area
they could easily double their prices and id still come here twice a week. great ice cream sandwiches at a small joint
Great staff and ambiance. Gorgonzola salad was delicious.  Grilled veggie pizza could have had a little more flavor.  Simple but good.  The scientist pizza was fabulous !!!Update - We went back for more and thoroughly enjoyed the The Simple Margherita Finished with Wild Arugula and Shavings of Parmigiano-Reggiano.  Consistently great!
Had the fish and chips. Wasn't worth $15. Beer wasn't that cold. Would I go there again? Maybe. Just thinking the prices don't match up to the quality, nor quantity of the food. Usually one or the other justifies the higher price, unless it's the location, which wouldn't be the case here.  Granted I was aware of the price of what I ordered, and sometimes it's worth paying more for getting more.  Not so much this time. Perhaps my expectations were too high.
Chicken salad sammich was good.. little heavy on mayo... enjoyed the surroundings.. I will be back
Chicken salad was great. The French dip fell a little short. We had a hard time getting our drinks refill. Atmosphere is very good the place has an excellent vibe. Too bad they close at 6 PM would be a great evening place .
Horrible horrible horrible. All of the good reviews on here are from their actual employees. I've tanned here for years and they used to keep the body wrap at 100 degrees. 80 degrees is bs and does nothing. Customer service here is mediocre at best and forget about the clueless manager. Buyer beware..
Amazing hotel. Great price and Great location. Loved the setup! Would definitely return. I would recommend this hotel for a party crowd! Great vibes.
Great Food. Great Atmosphere. Enjoyable time. I had a build your own chicken sandwich on a GF bun and tots. It was great. Husband had an American Burger, no burger remained on his plate. Thursday's are kids eat free. So, our kids had Mac and Cheese and a grilled cheese. Also, enjoyed the amazing Brownie Sunday. All for $60 and we enjoyed a COLD BEER (or two) as well.
Best Brazilian Restaurant in Vegas hands down. I recommend starting out with a traditional Brazilian drink, the Caipirinha. It consists of fresh limes muddled with sugar and Cachaça, a Brazilian rum that has a slight tequila taste. they have many varieties of this drink on their cocktail menu.The salad bar... over 30 items ranging from salads to fresh cut salmon, grilled veggies and various side dishes. The meat... my favorite was the fillet. Amazing flavor, no need for steak sauce here! With 12 different meats there's something for everyone. I highly recommend trying this place. At 50$ a plate its well worth it.
"Reservations recommended"...i was thoroughly impressed with Fogo De Chao. For a place that is basically a buffet with servers bringing you meats to the table.. the operation is well executed. I am no stranger to this style of service as I grew up with a restaurant of this type nearby in California. This particular situation was just great all around. Great service, nice salad bar with great items and condiments for your meal, and of course the never ending supply of meats hot from the kitchen.  Steaks, ribs, pork-chops, pork loin.. just a great selection. All perfectly cooked and served piping hot. It is around $50 a person, but worth every dollar I believe. IF you get  a chance, I say give it a go! Happy Eating!
This place has some amazing Brazilian BBQ! The servers are constantly running to each table offering up a cut of their Brazilian BBQ that is fresh off the grill. The salad bar had a large variety of food as well. All the servers were very nice and friendly.
This is for sure the best Brazilian steakhouse I have been too. Try the Parmesan cheese pork and the house special!
Was very good food and friendly. Meats were very tender and seasoned great. Atmosphere was romantic but also fun if your not on a date. Not far from Baleys and strip so also good for when visiting town.
A little pricey , but very tasty ! Our waiter was really good , explained everything well .. The price is the only thing if they have discounts for locals I'm sure plenty more will be dining here more often
Amazing experience! Thanks Doug! Great ride and perfect ending! It was the perfect way to start our first day of marriage! The views were phenomenal
Get there early cause its supper busy- also ask for the sides to come with dinner or else u eat them before your meal!Mmmm.. Crab...mmmm.. Clams... In the Everything Sauce! Is BOMB! Yes I am a fan, service was a bit everywhere, but they were great! Love the Tv's that are Everywhere and have Everything on! My little one watched Sponge Bob~! So that helped entertain her for the meal. . .IT IS MESSY!! prepare people! It's a Mess down there! Don't wear anything nice!You will get sauce or lime, or something on you that day/night..
First time here lets see how good it is.
The food was excellent. The service was also excellent. The food came out to the table very fast. The menu prices are not outrageous like you would expect for a seafood restaurant. $15 for a dozen raw oysters. Not bad.The spices on the Gulf shrimp and the clams were very good. It was not that hot for me though. I prefer spicy foods, so it may be hot for some people. The fried oysters were also very good. The raw oysters they serve are from the Gulf of Mexico. I prefer cold water oysters, but these were excellent. The fried shrimp were good, but small. The king crab and the fried calamari were good too.The only complaints I have is that they do not have metal forks to shell the shrimp, so it is a tedious task with the sauce all over the shrimp. It makes it difficult to shell with your fingers or the plastic fork they give you. Next visit I will have to bring my own fork. They also have Green Mussels that are not on the menu. They were good, but they were not cooked long enough and the mussels did not open.I will definitely be back. I look forward to trying the other items on the menu. I would recommend this place if you enjoy seafood.
I love it I didn't like shrimp before and now at boiling crab it changed. I love the shrimp the favor is so good I can have a bucket of it. The chicken wings are delicious! And the fries and rice is so good! I love the Boiling Crab
Loves it!!!!!!!! The food is amazing! Be prepared for weirdly slow service!!!! & a long  wait!!!
Awesome service and really good seafood. Plenty parking space too. First time trying out this restaurant and I was get impressed with the food and service; will definitely return.
Food was good, but took forever for it to come out. The server continued to come over to the table to reassure us the food was coming our soon. Would have been nice for a manager to come over to check on us. I would definitely go back, but I'll eat a little something prior to going because of the food wait.
Always always delicious! I usually get the medium whole shabang shrimp and a corn in the sauce. Yum! Try the fries if you want something to keep your mouth cool ;)
Great service as always from David W!! He is professional and took care of all our problems!!
First visit to spice cafe!! Heard it was great!  My fork and taste buds will let me know!!!!Ordered take out.  Chicken Tikka Masala...veggie vada, plain naan.  I will have to return for Chicken Biryani.
Awful awful customer service. Impossible to get any good information and the website is just awful. I've been stuck in a login loop and can't do anything
Open until 10pm on Sundays! This is my new favorite location to spray tan at. I feel it is a very even, warm tan spray.
Lovely cocktails and pasta . its a nice place . service is excellentReally love the decor and outdoor seating. It is very convenient as i live nearby.food is amazing
Highly recommend the mussels and the cauliflower! The gnocchi was great and their dessert was also phenomenal. There was not 1 thing on the menu I tried that wasn't fantastic!
Doesn't look like Arizona barbers can cut hair and I'm not sure why that is :( I don't think my hair is that hard to cut it's rather short but for some reason it's easy to mess up and I'm not sure why!
Nice guys and the fade was perfect for a good price. Would come back anytime and refer to anyone.
I had salad with bread and a soup. I really liked them, especially the salad. I think I will definitely go back anytime I am in the mood for salad.
So many wonderful options! I went to food good and picked local loaf. I love the food there but I also love the atmosphere of the whole place. I would def recommend it to everyone in the area. I'll be back soon!
Hands down best burger joint with best service. It's been a while since I have experienced great service coming from Orange County, but this place is quick, friendly, and will wow you with their burgers!
Love this place! Get row F if you can!Okay, so you can get groupons all the time for like $6 which includes a non alcoholic beverage!  That's a deal!  Even if not, go on Ladies night or late at night and it's still a deal!  The cool thing is that they have these little "love nest" type chairs where if you go you can cuddle.  Downside is if you're alone and sit there you might be closer to a stranger than you wanna be!  You get a little slide table in front of you if you're in certain rows.  Then other rows are made up of a counter with office chairs.  You decide where you want to sit (assigned) so that it's kinda nice and forces me to go ahead of time to get row F in the middle!Once seated you can look at your menu (Oh, yes, they have a full menu!) and then when ready you press your little button and BAM!  Waiter comes to you.  Their Iced Tea is very good and I can even get a gluten Free pizza for just a bit more than a normal restaurant would charge.  NOTE:  If you're in a packed movie, I'd forgo food.  Takes forever to get your food and LONGER for the drink.  Don't know why but you were warned!I usually go after a movie's been out a while and during the week to avoid the crowds.  Did I mention there's a full bar in the lobby?  YUP.  Really, why would you go anywhere else?
Terrible!!  The food was awful- husband had chicken nachos which tasted like canned chicken, I had an almost burnt to a crisp burger, fries were cold and soggy. Waitresses hit me on the head several times walking by with trays. Stay away!!  There's a reason they have discount tickets available all the time!!  If you're looking for a dine in theater, go to iPic or AMC Esplanade!
The early you get here the better! This place gets so busy but it's so good! The red velvet pancakes are delicious! Also, Norm is so nice! Never bad service! Always delicious food!
Great food - Very nice service! Great neighborhood breakfast spot!  Went in there for the first time with my wife and 3 yr old.  The waitress was super nice, walked my daughter over to the deli case to pick out her juice like a big girl.  My daughter loved it! French toast was outstanding!!  We're definitely going back soon.
Cozy place.Food was good, but not excellent.Service was really slow. We had to ask 3 times for clean glass of water. Good experience, but I do not think I am going to come back.
Food is very good! Service was excellent close to the hospital nice for groups very sporty atmosphere, but not noisy. We stopped in on s Sunday afternoon
Our daughter loves this place and really enjoys coming to class every week. Sensie bob and instructor Jose are great with all of the kids and put them at ease. We would strongly recommend this dojo to any parent with kids wanting to start learning karate.
Great place , Staff is always great with the kids, would highly recommend ...studio is always clean. A little small for the parents but overall great place.
Cute place, not too big but there is a nice sitting area for parents.  Also, the staff is really nice!  I would recommend it for anyone in the area with small (under 8 y.o.) kids looking for a few hours of peace.  The cafe is right there and there's just enough for the little ones to do that you can enjoy your coffee in peace, but not worry about where they are & what they're up to.  Very nice!
Great clean place for younger kids!I love that you can see the entire play ground while sitting on a comfy couch or chair. My 1 y/o and 6 y/o both enjoyed it!
Very nice old gas pumps staff is very friendly... And they give a free tour of the shop at certain times all day....
Yum!  Pizza is delish!  $1 glass of wine on Tuesdays w entree.  Love Vito's! Location in Mesa on McKellips & Lindsay is better than their Scottsdale location... not sure why????  Pizza is better that is.... but either way its good.
Best Italian food I have ever had in Arizona!  Great service and friendly staff. They had $1 wine on Tuesdays. Pene Geovene seas excellent and the Rib Eye was superb. Steak Gorgonzola Salad was to die for.
Best spot for hard to find local AZ brew!!!They also have a very cool Nano brew setup that every homebrewer would kill to have!Good food, good atmosphere, and enough bikes on the patio to start your own hipster bicycle gang.
Orange Blossom is totes amaze, $6 Moscow Mules till 6pm, good food, great scenery, annnnnnnnd dog?! Yes please! Service and drinks in seconds?! Can't beat that!
Where else can you arrive by any known mode of two wheeled transportation, walk straight up to the bartender on the very cool deck and ask to borrow a bike lock? That's right they have bike locks plenty of bike racks and tools that you can use if you are in need of a quick repair or tune up. It is also incredibly four legged canine friendly. I always meet a cute or fun dog and owner when I go there. Best bike friendly place in Phoenix!! The food is good. Bar service on the deck is just OK if you sit at the bar because the bartenders are getting killed with the service bar which they run as well. The place more than makes up for that in atmosphere with the bikes and dogs. Great beers and amazing beef jerky are nice treats here. They also have free dog treats!!
Flys flys  flys did I say I don't like flys how can a bartender work with flys all over the counter.  Brisket is like pulled pork slice don't pull  bbq out of a jar first and last time here yuck
Great bar! Tons of local beers and a big patio. We stop by most often when the weather is cool and bring the dogs along
Great location and friendly service! I love taking my dog here. The food isn't the best but the beer and ambiance make up for it.
Love the patio, great food and you can bring the dogs! This is a great neighborhood spot
The gobbler was yummy,  staff was very helpful and friendly.  Would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Really great food! Probably the best pizza in Las Vegas! Highly recommend this place. I loved our fresh salad! And the garlic knots were top notch! A little bit of a drive but it's totally worth it!
The best I've had in Vegas...EVER! Such a small place with a HUGE following...everyone I work with LOVES  this place.
Wow, thank god we missed our movie, because instead we found this place!You will notice this place from the road from the nonconformast lighting and font used for their signage.Once inside, you are greeted by the fresh herbs and chalkboards announcing the pizzas and other amazing treats.We ordered the Vegas beats Italy pizza  as well as a plain slice for our 4 yearold.  A salad came along as well and It should not be missed.  Their pizza comes as slices and huge Pies! Our pizzas were devoured and even the 4 year old said it was the best pizza ever!Fresh Pizza with fresh ingredients! Non commercial yeast. Amazing Cannoli made fresh for each order...Lemonaid with fresh roasted rosemary was delightful.Wow I can't believe this place has been here 4 years and I am just getting here...The love being shown in this resturant for the customer and food is detectable in the beautifuly prepared foods...as well as the care that is being made on the selection of what is being offered.  I wish more resturants took this much care.I can't wait to come back and try the chicken and the others dishes.
Awesome pizza.   This is not Pizza Hut or dominos.  This is real pizza.  You pay for what you get.  Best pizza in town.  Real cheese and a little taste of Italy.
115 for 1st offenders... Talking and driving. Good thing it wasn't me LOLOH just a heads up. The law enforcement people near the x-ray area are not very nice people
Very friendly staff. Wait time was short. Overall very good. Smiling happy staff puts patients at ease.
Its a good place and its really cheap to get massage.. The people are nice and they really dont have a private room.. Its just a big room full of beds I mean its cool but no privacy. But I will still give 5 star with good service and dont forget to tip em .. ^^
You get a lot more than what you pay for Enjoyed every moment of it including the hot stones!From head to feet felt great!
Awesome survival store!!! Was cool to see. Worth checking out if you are in the area
Massage packages: 5 1-hr massages for $200 or 3 for $135Located in quiet business park just south of the Kierland shopping center, this business can be difficult to find.  I was happy with the availability of appointments and the ease of getting an appointment.  My therapist was professional and thorough.  I plan on purchasing a package of 3 during my next visit to take advantage of the package discount
Great staff here. Therapists are all very talented, you will not be disappointed! The chiropractor is also great here. Definitely worth making an appointment.
Great staff here. Therapists are all very talented, you will not be disappointed!  If you're looking for deep tissue, structural maintenance, or some stress relief this is the place to go. Every single therapist is extremely skilled and knowledgable. And the prices are ridiculously fantastic.  Ask about member pricing!
Various types of burgers and fries to try but not to worry they have your standard hamburger or cheese burger if you're not feeling adventitious! Feeling like taking a spin? Try one of their milkshakes they're cool you off in the summer Vegas heat!
Love this place!! Love the hand rolls and the avocado app, yum! Only been here twice but this is my new fav!
Great authentic Thai. Highly recommend if you're not afraid to eat adventurously. The Tom Yum soup was great.
Some of the best Thai food I have ever had. We had stir fry with beef yellow curry chicken and roasted duck. All were fantastic. Will be back to try new dishes.
Always great...Super nice staff and these guys know what they're doing!!! Consistent, quiet and relaxing with great prices. Always able to walk in and be taken care of.
Chocolate, cherry and now BUTTERSCOTCH dipped cones....Yes please. Your soft serve is so creamy, dreamy and delicious...I hate having to run past, but my ass is my nemesis and for now I have to avoid your sweet temptation.  The dream of  diving into cones filled with your goodness will have to suffice.
The staff and regulars are very nice and make this place great.  They have a good beer selection,  and good food.
Great place.  Good food and great staff.  Price is reasonable.  I would go back next time I am in town.
A solid sports bar.  Good burgers, ok fries.  The service was fantastic.  We came in to watch soccer and baseball and they put it on for us and they gave us a remote for our TV.  That's neat.The place always has chicks in it.
awesome food! awesome drinks! bartender's awesome!!!! i recommend this place! i just found my new hangout!
Really cute trendy clothes at great prices!  Staff super friendly.  I will totally be back soon!
Fresh tasty food, clean and great service! We ordered 3 rolls, bento box, crab ragoons, dumplings and salad. I can't find anything to complain about except the crab ragoons were small compared to what I'm use too. But still tasty.
Massage over priced nothing special. Manicure, Haircut Awesome. Quote from Masseuse.  Me "So how's your day?" Masseuse "oh another day another dollar". Not very professional. I work hard for my $, at least he can try to fake it. My girlfriend was sore for a week after the massage. What a waste of $.
This place was good the first time I went like 6 months ago I went there today and it was a disaster. I ordered a BLT my bacon was a stale and looked green my fries were not hot at all it was like my food had been sitting around for 20 min. My friend got breakfast the sausage tasted like plastic the bread was crumbly and the eggs looked like the processed eggs from McDonalds. I am not one to complain at all but after eating a part of the BLT my stomach is killing me. They need a new chef they took my order off but with the disappointment of the food still had to pay 10dollars will never go back again.
TGIF and fresh highlights!! Best service and always happy with Jonathon's work!! Appointment was started on time and he always fits me in quick! That is why I love him and his salon and have been coming to him for over 10 years!!
Great customer service, everyone who works there is super nice and accommodating.  They have a salon in the back and the stylist is a really sweet lady!
The brownies are awesome and the lemon pound cake.it is a plus that they remain open until midnight. It is the perfect time for a sweet fix.
Ambiance chaleureuse. Bonnes bière et cocktails de bière. Bouffe réconfortante. La place est rarement vide le midi et le soir!
Burgers were trash salad and beer selection good decent music and overall good place but the burgers people on the reviews say we're good must not have a BBQ blah ............
We love this place. The drinks are great. :)  Cool place, neat vibe and it gets you out of Fremont Street for a bit.  Have some chow next door at Triple George.  You will dig it if you don't go in right before close.  Rock on with your bad self and light the party light!  :)
Yelp coupon not good at this NEW location. However, free comedy and dueling pianos were simply wonderful and made my night !
Won't accept yelp check in offer and bartender was snarky about it.  Nothing like the old location.  I'll pass, thank you.
Wonderful, great music, food and service, will definitely back! The only thing that really bothered me, was the practice of adding on a 30% gratuity without telling you. I left a 40% tip ( loved the service). When I got my bill on line, I was pretty upset that they added the extra money to the bill. When I called them, they told me that it would get straightened out in a couple of days.
Amazing staff, awesome food!! Overall great experience. The tandoori option is def a must try along with their Mexican style poutine.
We drive all over the city for their AWESOME quesadillas! Simply the best around!   very unique and flat out delicious! Must give a try if it's in your area. Also, very friendly staff!
Great staff, great food, and fast service. You can't ask for anything more. I can honestly say that I've never had a bad experience here.  Management cares about the customers and will do whatever is necessary to make sure you have a great experience.
Great sandwiches & the staff is just as great! Don't let the construction scare you it's still easy access
Its always hit or miss. And even though its McDonald's it always brings out childhood memories. This is a smaller McDonald's. Seating is limited.
Very good food!!!friendly staff.IRecomend for anyone.If you want to taste the true Brazilian food Acajou is the place that you must go.
Good food, decent service, good music, sweet ambiance, but seriously overpriced.  Excellent rhubarb pie.
This is a great find! We love the atmosphere, the green chili was the the bomb, as was everything else!
Love the sushi here! Very pleasant, authentic service.  Our usual is: King Kong Roll, soft shell crab roll, shrimp tempura roll and dragon roll. Mm mmmm
Great experience! This team was unbelievable and fast, they know their business! Simply come in, have a seat and their teams gets to you fast. Haircut and shave, less than $40. If you can, we highly recommend Kim!
Excellent service. Reasonable price. And I am so glad this place is open on Sundays.    My kid has autism which they did an Awesome job.
Javier did and awesome job!  Great staff, great service, overall great experience. I'll definitely be back!
I really liked the food! At first I didn't really like the interior design but after I got the service and food, it was all covered very well!
It's Starbucks. A little over priced but always good. Never had any issues here. Service has always been good.
The best foot message in the world I would recommend this place for all ages I would recommend to do the basic message
Excellent service! Highly recommended! Clean and friendly environment. We took our teenage girls.
Really good foot massage for $20. I took my mommy I her birthday. We were both impressed. The place was clean. The therapists gave us the most relaxing foot massage. It also includes back, shoulders and neck. We will be back!
Excellent food all the time!! Great service with Veronica today!! Coffee is great as well and they actually have flavor creamer
Great food and even better service from Veronica today at Egg Works! I would definitely recommend this place to friends, ask for Veronica for the best service!
Great food great service from Kat we will be back bacon and avocado omelette is the best
Great food great service. Our waitress Victoria was very nice and attentive. Really enjoyed our family brunch.
Rossy was great! Food was awesome! Will be back for sure! Not to long of a wait even tho it was sat!
Great breakfast! Excellent service from. TravisLove the Traditional Eggs Benedict and the Omelets are great too.
Marianne was awesome! Love this place! Try the Banana Nut french toast - delicious and enough for 2 people. Family friendly! Whenever family visit from out of town we always take them here.
One of the best breakfast places around! All their food is fresh and delicious. Large selection for the health conscious and just great service all around.
This place is so Amazing!!! Everything is Bomb!! This place only deserves 5 stars! I had the breakfast burrito and blueberry pancakes and my gf had a salad and biscuits and gravy and we shared a banana mufffin. Everything is home made and incredible. We will return.
Love this place!!  Our server Caitlin was amazing!!  We will be back.  I always get the Loco Moco, it never disappoints.
This place has the smallest collection of happy hour drinks! The bartender (Ciara) was not the greatest but I know she tried her hardest. I didn't get to eat any food because their beer was cloudy and flat which made me think twice about ordering. There was a group of loud obnoxious people when I went and the bartender admitted that this was the norm for this bar. So I won't be returning. 2 stars for the cheapest happy hour draft beer in town.
Whent for appetizers and drinks it was pretty good had fun and food was great. Service was good I liked the green sauce the nachos came with. It's a must get. My favorite was the sliders. Happy hour is pretty good and i will recommend to anyone that wants to head out for happy hour
I just enjoyed the best chicken tacos ! Taco night @ Mad Dogs is awesome !! They have an amazing menu and I haven't had anything yet that I wouldn't recommend to my friends.... Try it, you will like it !
It is pretty good place to get boba. The snow ice is good and sweet. Only problem i have with this place  is that the service is not that great. I keep coming back because the boba is good.
4 stars. Clean. Fast. Fresh. The smoothies were good, and all of the food was cooked well. We got the chicken kebabs and a few salads. The kebabs were really good, and only took a few minutes. Tzeziki (sorry for the misspell) dressing was good as well.
Super awesome French manicure! Too  bad I live 280 Miles away! This will be my first stop next time I am in town!* my Nails lasted 3 weeks! Amazing! Would have never found this place if it wasn't for Yelp! Thank You fellow Yelpers!
Foods decent but these fucktards charge a $1 for straight out of a bag, mixed in a bucket ranch. Huh? After charging premium summerlin rates for everything on the menu (including $2-$4 for toppings) they want to hit me with a $1 for ketchup's distant cousin??? I guess that keeps out the riff raff. That said, the meatballs are good. So there.
Love the pizza here it's BOMB.com the service is always top notch and the food never disappoints
Best pizza this side of Brooklyn!!!  We love the NY Round but the square pie is also excellent. Great atmosphere, clean, and friendly excellent service. The calamari was tender and flavorful.  Definitely our favorite restaurant in Vegas.
Great food.  Love the atmosphere!!  Chef Rob is unbelievable.   Good time for the whole family!
Place is legit and the owners are super nice. Will be returning in the near future......
Best quick affordable breakfast in town and the lunch is great too! I frequent many local establishments but these guys get it, in and out and their service and great, the customer experience is great!I live watching espn or the news over breakfast!
Excellent boar's head turkey bagel sandwiches with Mountain Dew/styrofoam cups. Always quick service
Thank you all staff ! Serving fresh meat.Fresh produce and deli .Appreciated new management.
Slow, painfully slow service.  Only one register open regardless of the length of line.  They exist only because they have a perfect location.  Unbelievable the stuff that goes on here yet customers still come on in.  Wait times for food are horrendous.  There will be numerous people with food in hand in line, yet they sometimes have the only register person also making espresso drinks (slowing down the entire line).  I guess that 2nd register at the end is just for show.
Not open at 9Tues - sat 930-7pmThey did gel toes for my 9 yr old w my little pony design and a monkey on gel fingernails for my 11 year old and they fixed mine were messed up from a prior salon very happy so far. Looking forward to going back
I'm not clear why this place boasts "you can experience the best food the whole world has to offer".  The free chocolate covered strawberry was a nice touch but didn't make this the best restaurant.  It wasn't BAD...it just wasn't that good.
Thai Peanut Chicken sandwich was really good. Give it a try..........................................
Best tasting ice in town! Food isn't as healthy as you think. They don't have a nutrition lost of their menu. Once they release one people won't eat there as much. Good sandwiches. Salty soups. But the ICE is awesome!!
Great food great service. "Must try" place. I spent four days in Las Vegas and went to this place for three nights. My mom and I love the food here and the service is really warm and patient.
Order the Cobb Burger! It was delicious!  Food was great, service was ok. I've heard from other people that the service is awful but in the 3 times we've been I've never had 'awful' service.  We'll go again. Love the variety of the beers on tap.
Great food, great service, and an awesome selection of beer! Scullys is a great place to go for any sporting event. With live music on the weekends and always something to do on the weekdays. I would recommend this place to anyone. Fish & chips on Friday is the best!
The cherry limeade is awesome. And as far as the sandwiches go, I've yet to try a bad one here. I don't know that I can say that about any other sandwich chain. As a chain started by firemen, hot sauce is supposedly a running theme here. Over on the side is a case of various hot sauces from around the world. Some of the hot sauces are delicious, some are off putting, but I really don't know that the hot sauce adds anything to their sandwiches. To each their own I guess, but it's safe to say you won't be disappointed by Firehouse Subs. Be sure to put it into your rotation of places like Subway or Quiznos.
Wonderful Indian Food!  Some of the best we've ever eaten:  papadums, mango lassi, tikka masala, naan.........Excellent!
Love everyone here so friendly always do a great job got a deluxe pedicure an gel pink powder full set thank you Shawn an Karen for making my day !! Will be coming back
It is a swamp too many mosquitoesmake sure you wear full sleeves and long pants and take mosquito repellent. Driving range also not good
The food is delicious! I would definitely recommend... They told us there was a wait and not even 3 minutes later we were seated. Everything was so fresh, especially the juice! Favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.
I'm at the beginning of the process, but Drummond is professional and extremely likeable.  He is currently working to hold the company responsible for injuring me accountable. Although the wheels of justice can spin slowly, I'll post more details about my experience after my case is resolved.
Here for 2 hours with my girl and no restroom for me to use! Very rude and standoffish. Thank god I don't have to come here to dress myself!
Love the stuffed french toast combo :) However IHOP is more a convenience joint. If other places were open 24 hrs and on every corner I'd probably got here over IHOP. If you're into breakfast brunch lunch spots then definitely check out egg works, the cracked egg, omelete house, and Jamm's!
Wonderful & beautiful chocolate. Great gift for anyone. Always want to visit this place on my visit to LV. Finally found it and what a surprise place, will come back again!
Great place to buy great chocolate! Their salty Carmel is so good. They do excellent services too!
Such great food everything is amazing and BYOB IS AWESOME. You try the chicken and ground beef kabobs. I am someone that has tried many different middle eastern restaurants and this one hands down is one of the best!
We loved this show.  I went with 9 people, which included a wide age range and we all enjoyed it.  He is funny, great looking and a fantastic performer. The Stratosphere is lucky to have him.  The venue was comfortable, and the service was good.
Checking out the $20 brunchGo for the ambiance and bring a camera.  It's a fun field trip to try to find or even get into the Saguaro Hotel.  They've done a great job renovating the entire property and has the feel of a big resort.  That being said...it feels like a big resort...not a lot of people around.  It would actually be a great place to film a zombie movie!We were one of three tables in the place as they had just opened and took probably 20 minutes to get our food.  Unless we're at a Luau and you have to pull the pig out of the ground...I'm just saying there' not enough chips and salsa to keep me happy.Our server was great and chatty through the whole process.  We originally tried to go to the Scottsdale Street Eats food truck festival, which turned out to be a gong show.  So Distrito was our final destination.  Brunch is served with a small app and your main dish for $20. It ends up being a mountain for food after the chips and salsa for a starter.I'd recommend just splitting an appetizer and I think they do an entree/beer deal.Food was good/fresh, but they'll have to work hard to start drawing a crowd in
ShittySuper confusing menuOverpricedKetchup salsaNot enough food for priceWaitress was nice so she gets a starThey let us come in late so that was cool
What 5 bucks with my student id wow just awesome !!!! For a hand wash just wow!!Great service
Great variety and tasty food. Love oyster there! My friend and I are very enjoyed and the price met its value. I highly recommend to have a buffets as lunch in Phoenix!
Good buffet. So glad I found you. Enjoyed the variety and space. Lots of food. It's a full buffet. Eat it! Yum!
Ok food wayyyyyyyy overpriced I'm not sure how a family of 5 should cost $125 at a Chinese buffet
Good food and service.the price for lunch was reasonable. The food that was supposed to be hot was hot and the food that was meant to be cold was cold. Egg rolls were on point and spring rolls. Not much of a Mongolian bbq but they tried. The food quality makes it not necessary to have a Mongolian like some buffets need.
Not the Greek Salad I am used to from Mellow Mushroom. Stingy on olives and other veggies. I ordered a full salad and only received one container of dressing. Parking is the pits.
Love this place! Food is excellent, decor is dope and servers are nice. I was just there last Friday night and ordered carryout. Food was hot and ready and enjoyed the atmosphere. Servers were super friendly and went out of way to provide great service
All you need to know:Peach cobbler is so good, it'll make u slap ur momma!Brisket is moist, juicy and melts in your mouth.Fried Okra is the best in town hands down.Catfish is properly seasoned, crispy on the outside and juicy and flaky on the inside.So we walked in on a Saturday night at around 11 or so and we were the only ones in there. So I will admit, I wasn't sure if the reviews were going to be right. I mean if this place was going to be as good as everyone said, then why isn't this place packed?But we sat down and the guy was friendly and down home. I love a southern gentleman, they win me over every time. He told me that they were out of the beef ribs but if I wanted to wait 45 minutes that they would be ready. So I didn't want to wait 45 minutes and went with a meat platter. I got the brisket and st Louis ribs and hot links. Already told you about the brisket, the ribs I enjoyed too. They were tender and smokey and very flavorful. If I am being honest, then I would probably pass on the hot link. I think they were just bbq'ed too long for me. So we got dessert with our yelp check in and I wasn't too sure that they would taste so good based on their appearance. We ordered banana pudding and peach cobbler. I would alone come for the peach cobbler but again, if I am being honest I would pass on the banana pudding.I love BBQ. It is just always so hard to find a good decent eats for BBQ in this town. But the quest for me has ended here. I rave about this place to everyone. The BBQ sauce here is amazing too. Sweet and Spicy. I tried to see if they bottled it and sold it but they don't. So instead they gave me a to go container for free.I can't wait to come back.
Best pulled pork in Vegas!You know you're in the right place when you smell the hickory in the air from the smokers in the parking lot. And prepare to fight for parking during the lunch rush. I went to Rollin Smoke days after returning from Lockhart, TX. I went not expecting to be impressed, but the pulled pork wowed me. It's usually something I prefer to make at home because it's not often I like it out. But this is tender, succulent and well smoked. The brisket was less impressive, I found it dry. I'd try it again when the sweet taste of central Texas wasn't so fresh. I might like it better. The combo I ordered also came with a dry burnt bun and I selected the mac & cheese for a side. It was pretty good, but I do prefer a creamier version.My brother joined me for lunch, he had the baked potato topped with cheese and brisket. His order came out with pulled pork instead. No worries since it was a winner.This was my first run in with Arkansas BBQ, they definitely make a great pulled pork. The jury is still out on the rest of menu. Must eat more to decide. The staff is super friendly and they're open late on the weekend.
The best BBQ that I have ever tasted and I love me some BBQ!  Our family travels a lot and I try to sample BBQ where ever we go and this was hands down the best so far.  I come to Las Vegas a few times a year because my friends and I drag race so this will definitely be on my list of food places that I must eat at before going back home to Los Angeles, CA.
Best BBQ!!! Must go!!! They have all you can eat BBQ. And it's not crappy buffet style.  It's made to order every single time!!! Definitely great to come with friends and family!!  Ordered the beef rib and the meat is falling off the bone. Short ribs too. And their seafood is delicious.
Were do I start everything was great. Greens and yams were on fire. Even the banana pudding omg. They bring the food to you. The place looks like a whole in the wall but don't let the looks fool you. This is the place in vegas for ribs. I didn't eat the ribs but everybody else did ...lots of meat
Amazing beef rib & baby back pork ribs!!! Super cute place & great prices...the outlaw burger was ok..not so great as i expected it to be..
Absolutely delicious! Better than Phil's BBQ and much cheaper! If your craving comfort food like meat loaf, hush puppies, peach cobbler or banana cream pudding than this is the place to indulge!
Plain and Simple.....Best Ribs in Vegas! N'ough said!Pulled pork is juicy.  Peach cobbler is my favorite and don't forget to order a side if Blue Bell Vanilla ice cream.  This place really smoking hot.   We live in Henderson but we don't mind the drive.
The food is great the line was horrible but it's worth every wait and penny...This food so tastefully good I felt as if I was in heaven
If you like Burgers don't skip the outlaw!The staff is very friendly, and I will be stopping by every time I roll through Vegas.Do not skip this location.
Most awesome original real BBQ since I left the south. The smokey atmosphere penetrates you as well as the mouth watering meats this place is like home, man the food here is absolutely the best hands down in Vegas they said there was no good bbq in town, my answer to that is bull$#!t!!! ( it's a family show) but you gotta try it
Great barbeque, best in Vegas!!!!! David, Jessica, Dameon, and Matt have the best customer service, you will love it!!!!
One of my top 5 places to eat in Vegas! Definitely try to 3-4 meat option to get the a spectrum
Five Stars. Nuff said Everything these guys grill is straight fiyah. This is a must eat place while you're in Vegas.
The reviews are right the food is GREATThe meat was tender and the best was the bacon potatoe  salad. A slice of bread comes with the meal. But dont let that stop you from ordering the fresh corn bread   The corn bread i  give 2 thumbs up
3.5 stars. Had the crab linguini which was the daily special it was just ok. Would have liked to been offered bread or salad. Plus no real cheese sprinkled on the pasta... The kid liked the meatball & strands. Next time i'll try the drunken bread, lobster Mac and fig bruschetta.
Sit in the back by the storage closet..... And get the Mac n Cheese........ The End........ And get a Sangria..... The real end...... Now will this post or is it still too short for posting
nice ambiance and the waiters are nice and their "small" poutine is pretty big the prices are good for the area
Super cute bohemian style! Shopped for my 14 year old niece here.  Very cute, unique stuff, some of it for older than 14.  Decent prices for Town Square, though!
Worst customer service. They are so rude!  I go there because it is right down the street from my work. The cashiers are not friendly, the staff is not helpful and if you go there within 30 minutes of closing,  they are even more rude. If possible.
I had them come to my home for a spring cleaning. They did a great job. And the 2 girls were very nice.
Great service! Everything was delicious and I tried a little bit of everything. I drink Americanos black normally and I was happy with it. The house blend coffee is pretty good as well. I enjoyed reading all of the writing on the walls, but it took three drinks to decide what I wanted to contribute. I would easily come back.
Great as always food we love it here! Kielbasa and ribeye steak are the way to go service could be better at times but you can beat the food
Great bar. Great people. Second best bar Olympics team in the place. Friendly people and reasonably priced drinks.
Amazing  Espresso... Their name implies exactly what they are good at.  The atmosphere is  very relaxing too.
Tiffany was amazing made me look like a doll ! Great service ! Totally love it !!!  I would love for her to do my makeup again !
Love there selection and great costumer service !!!!Great perfume selection both there a few presents for my wife
The carnitas are the best I have ever had.  This is some seriously tender and perfectly slow cooked pork.  It was crispy in some parts, soft in others and downright flavorful all around!  My only question is why can't any of the Mexican restaurants in the Chicago area make food half as tasty as these guys?  I can't drive out to Urbana every weekend...
Great mexican resturant in middle if nowhere! I like their fajitas! Also their lingua is really good.
Everytime i go eat here it's a great day for me Food is great Workers are friendlyIf you are hungry you are at the place for it
Love the atmosphere but the beers are overpriced.The food is standard, delectable pub fare.
The staff is always fast and very friendly. Try the beach club with extra hot peppers. It blows subway out of the water.
Excellent food and service.  Pricey, but well worth it.  I would recommend the bone marrow and sampler platter for appetizers.
I'm addicted to the little Mango, Strawberry popper thingy majigs.Clean, small, a few seats inside. A lot of room outside. Friendly Employees.Does not take American Express.Go enjoy,TTFN
My favorite Mexican food place. Period. I am never let down with the overall quality of the food & staff.
My wife and I like to get the pizza here.  We've always had great service here.  The prices are very reasonable and the portions are great. I really like the atmosphere of the restaurant.
The food and service are always great! The lasagna and tiramisu are a must! It's the best Italian food in the area by far.
Never again. And I was a good customer. I ordered one called complained got another even more greasy. Quick service but bad product or cook
I have heard of this place before, but shied away due to the impossibly preposterous sounding name. Old Homestead? How could that possibly be good?Well, we were lead here recently by a friend immediately following the Shania Twain concert in the MGM Grand. She recommended it and, as a local, her opinion was to be trusted. So..ambience is nice...think dark wood paneling, granite, very upscale inside. Service is what you would expect...top notch. They first brought out a container of various breads, which were delicious. Finally, we got down to business.Oysters Rockefeller were seriously amazing. One of the better items on the menu without a doubt. I ordered bacon and a chopped salad (don't ask), which I shared with my friend. The bacon! Oh my god! It's approximately 1/4" thick and delicious. Highly recommended. Chopped salad was delicious.My brother got the filet mignon, which was tender enough to cut with a fork. Sorry for the simple review but we really didn't explore the menu so to speak. All in all it was very good and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
Worst shrimp chow main I've had.........................................really! Dont waste your money.....cannot beleive what they serve you in also!
Always good food and good service. I love the green apple Boba here!!!!  Perfect string bean chicken lunch special. I've never had bad food here.
Josh bailey did my tat it being my first awesome job. Exactly what I wanted. Next one?  Go to Josh Bailey. The shop is clean & friendly
Very nice salon! Clean! Friendly employees... Great experience.  Polish could gain more of a selection.  The massage chairs really work and iPads are available on the pedicure chairs for customer use!
Excellent burgers and concrete mixers!   Cheaper than Five Guys and much better. Everyone should try it the next time they are thinking fast food. Also, try the cheese curds
Tasty! Fresh! Quality food! Friendly atmosphere! Their chicken tenders are really tender! Be sure to try the cheese curds made from Wisconsin cheese.
It's good..cheap..clean...did I say cheap?..I like coming here never a bad experience. .
Great stuff, great fits.  Clothes last a long time!  If you are looking for great sportswear, this is the place you need to try some stuff on. Crystal who was helping us went out of her way to get us in great clothes.  A little more pricey than nike, but the fit and quality was worth it!
They have the Strongest happy hour margarita!  2 shots of tequila in it for $3!  But the service is soooooo slow.  The taco tuesday tacos were a good price.  I only liked the Pollo with the cream sauce.  The other tacos were just ok.
Horrible customer service and really long wait times for a simple report. I've waited over a half hour to file a stolen car report and the woman who assisted me had an attitude problem. They have their system set up like a dmv office where you wait for your number to be called to get any assistance.
Place is pretty busy but my hot and ready was just that so not too shabby. It is still just a five dollar pizza don't expect restaurant quality.
Big portions , chicken was tough forgot my delicious garlic bread, service was excellent .
Excellent food, fast service and friendly smiles! Fresh  ingredients, made to order. Clean!
Fantastic, cheap tacos. Quick service and friendly. Great for take out. You can't go wrong with any of the meat selections and the salsas are serviceable. I haven't had a chance to try the platters or other dishes as the tacos are so good!!
My life is at steak here!I don't eat meat normally but I came here for my boyfriend's Christmas staff party so I decided to throw all caution to the wind and indulge in a meat fest. It was totally worth it on every level, even to the part where the bar maids were totally dumb about our drink orders, I would definitely go back to:1) act very pretentious and pretend I am a rich member of the 450 2) mini big macs (yes and it is the greatest thing ever)3) deep fried oreo cookies. It is true. They exist. And so do leprechauns and unicorns.
Amazing food that is not overly expensive. Great place for lunch! Every time I come here I try something different and its good each time.
Great place! Very professional and nice. I will be going back! My tattoo was done by Christopher of a butterfly. Btw they changed their name to main street tattoo.
Best pizza and chicken wings in Charlotte. Great food! Great people! Great staff!It's a fun neighborhood bar.
Great wings and bleu cheese dipping sauce. The staff is welcoming and the atmosphere is great.  I will be coming back for more wings.
Nice services,Delicious food,Have to come back again.Highly recommend  the salt and pepper chicken wings and Mogolian beef that I ordered.Would try something new next time.
We we're in this part of town for one night & wanted some beer and drinks. Thanks to Yelp, it was a perfect choice. Great food, great beer great service!
Literally no wait this morning for my coffee!! They have the best iced coffee.You get a large iced coffee for half of the price compared to other places. Affordable + good = my new coffee spot!
Really fresh.  Hot.  Plenty of food.  Shakes yummy.  Nice clean friendly place.  Pretty busy for Sunday.   Will b back
Over priced Lame pizzaNo flavor
Over priced Lame pizzaNot worth the effort
Chef Yoshi has left and the sushi has gone downhill. The sushi is not nearly as creative or fresh as before.
Always good food and serviceI have been coming here since they open.Fair price and a clean restaurant
Servicio rapido, y precios buenos. Perfecto por lonche, dinner, y otras comidas. Te recomiendo the tacos
Absolutely outstanding! We have a new neighborhood pizza parlor! My wife and I stopped in for lunch. Ordered a chef salad to share and a med pizza to have a slice and take the rest home. We finished the pizza at the restaurant!!!!!!  I love restaurants with open kitchens so you can watch your food being prepared and the ingredients used.
Worst service ever ... You have to be a single man to be treated right ... Sad :(Never coming to this location again ... or maybe Hooters in general
Organic blueberry scone.  And it tasted good.  I don't know how they did it.  Cool place.
A superior coffee shop with options for pour over or french press. Very good brews! The service was a bit slow but I think it's worth the wait if you have time. I really like the intelligista brand they sell on site here. The staff also seemKnowledgeable too about their beans.
Great choice for home style burgers and food. The pastrami sandwich is also bomb! Their deal for the 2 for is excellent and fries are always great! I prefer onion rings and they have some pretty good ones too :)
Gross absolutely disgusting . You couldn't pay me to eat there again felt like throwing at the mean ass people who work this hole
Very helpful and patient with us as we translated the menu...plus the food was great.
Very expensive drinks and stuck up bartender.   Not friendly for out of town people. Not that fun compared with nyc or nola
I got Britney today! She was amazing! Highly suggest this place! Oh and it was my first time for a Brazilian and it wasn't as awkward as I thought it would be!
It would be so nice if they would have coffee ready between 8 & 820....always out!!! Oh gesh & don't ask the cashier to brew some ATTITUDE!!!
Meat cooked well, seasoning eh. Service was excellent . I had the 10 meats dinner . I dont know if its worth the price . The pork lion, pineapple was delicious. Some of the meats was over seasoned with garlic. The salad bar ehh. Get a better salad Bar. I went on a Wednesday night. Brazillian sausage not for me.
Stacy Ann has mad skills! Absolutely the most vibrant, long-lasting colors for those who want the BOOM factor.My hair doesn't hold color well and i didn't care so much when i was only doing "natural" colors like brown or strawberry blonde. When i wanted really really vibrant and intense colors, like pink or orange, however, i wanted color that would really HOLD and LAST. I just don't dig that drab, faded out pink-magenta i see around too often. So, Stacy Ann pulled out the big guns and used Goldwell Elumen on my locks and i've lived happily every since! Seriously, i can go 4 months without a touch-up and still have vibrant color. (Not that i *like* to go 4 months, but sometimes that's just the way it goes /broke@ssbroke)Stacy Ann asks a lot of questions so that she's very sure she understands what you want. If you don't know exactly what you want, she will help you unravel the mystery. It's all about the love.
Stacy Ann Amazing Hands!!!  I receive compliments daily on my hair color. People love how vibrant it is. I get asked a the time who does my hair.
Unprofessional to customers.First impressions are everything to any customer who is looking to use you for hair services.
Dr. Shelly is the best!  I was wary at first about going to a chiropractor as I had heard some negative things from people.  Dr Shelly took the time to address all my concerns and make sure I was comfortable and well informed.  Her office hours are very convenient and she is located in the center of the valley.  I always leave her office feeling my best and with a more positive outlook :). Go see Dr.Shelly!
Machine Guns Vegas is a great experience.   Cooper did a great job as our range master.   A truly memorable experience. The SAW is worth getting extra ammo.
Fabulous instruction.  Tony is very patient and positive.  Great environment for beginners.  Very happy we found this place.
Cool spot to chill on the roof in Ballantyne for lunch. But a little slow on the service. Not sure why. Especially when they know people are there just for lunch and most have that 1 hr time frame.I got the Duck Confit French Dip and though it was good and rare find, their meat to bread ratio is a little lacking.
we meet again, red velvet pancakes!more open space and seats available; less crowded than the other location. friendly staff and new specials on the menu. ordered the spam scramble - scrambled eggs with diced spam sprinkled with sesame and seaweed seasoning, served with rice and macaroni salad. i love breakfast and although it might be simple, it's very comforting. i'm use to eating spam, eggs, and rice as a kid. also ordered red velvet pancakes on the side and it comes with cream cheese syrup. yes, i said it - cream cheese syrup! will definitely come back again and try other things on the menu (especially the other types of pancakes)! check out the picture i posted.
Red velvet pancakes and kalua pork eggs Benedict.  That's the recommendation.  Excellent.
I've been here several times now with same results. Great food and service. All the items on the menu that I've tried so far have not disappointed. Servers are quick to respond to request and are very friendly. I'm looking forward to trying the centennial location and I hope it's as good.
Slow service, ran out of rice....crowded.....Im not sure what the fuss is about.  My wife who raved about this place was mad as hell at the service....Never going again
Come early because there's no wait! Wait times usually get ridiculously high during 10-11am. If you know baby stacks they always always get super busy! Especially weekends and Sundays!!! Something to expect from an amazing breakfast/lunch restaurant!I love their pancakes with extra fluffy whipped cream. I've tried the red velvet, banana cream pie, hazelnut, and regular pancakes. I also enjoy their seasoned potatoes! I always get them when I go there. The loco moco is delicious as well as the adobo fried rice stuffed in an omelet. SOO GOOD. Their skillets are also pretty good. I tried my boyfriend's one time. It was a little spicy because of his tabasco sauce but obviously that is something that can be controlled.Babystacks is always a great place to have breakfast or lunch!I would definitely recommend it!
Plugs are on the ceiling so if u need 2 charge ur phone- bring an extension cord :)Portuguese sausage and eggs is ok.  Garlic rice is yummo.Buttermilk pancake is ok.Blackened chix sandwich had good texture.Gave it a 5 star prematurely.  3.5 star is more appropriate for the food.    Excellent service :)
They told us 1/2 hour wait and it's been over an hour.  One of those experiences. I let the girl know and believe me I'm nice about it and she was a bit snippy.  Hopefully the food is good and worth the wait.
Big nice dim sum place in China town 6th floor.  Orders are mainly in Chinese so bring a friend heheh good luck. Try not to over order and they don't like it when you cancel a dish. So, try to know what you want.  Weekends, they mainly have the cart but not week day.
service was terrible.  not a very friendly staff. Waited 15 minutes to order  1 girl walked by us 3 times then tried to help others who came in after us first.
Amzing nightclub! With great DJs its a must see nightclub if your las vegas check it out
This particular Food Lion is tucked into a recently developing area... kind-of Whitegate, kind-of Steele Creek. However, definitely had some questionable expiration dates for dairy products, and vegetables were decent at best. Check the milk dates!
Had the Philly Cheesesteak. It was excellent and so was the service.  Nice atmosphere and large menu to choose from.
Great service and best dim sum in Las Vegas! Beats the ones in Chinatown!The waiters here are PSYCHIC! They know exactly what you want and they make it their duty to make sure you're the first to get it when it's ready!! ok, jk...they're not psychic, BUT they do get you what you want if you mention it, even if it's a whisper. I softly mentioned a few items that I was waiting for, at different times, and all the waiters seemed to overhear me. AND AHOY, off they went to find me my treasures! yum yum yum! Quality of the dim sum here is SO much better than the ones in Chinatown, so why bother going far off the strip? Food here actually reminds me of eating dim sum in hong kong! and it's on par with other authentic dim sum restaurants in San Gabriel Valley, where all the asians are. You must get the melting custard bun! Don't hesitate, just grab it because it sells out within a minute, no joke!! Don't repeat my mistake of just ordering one and realize it's sooo good that you want more. THERE WON'T BE ANY LEFT and you'll have to wait another 20 minutes :(The only reason why this did not get five stars because I'm too cheap to eat here all the time. Prices are really high for dim sum; for example, it costs $30-40 for 9-11 dishes, depending on size of the dish.
Don't Valet at the Rio! 45 minutes to get our car back!The Dim Sum was quite good, the best I've had so far in Vegas! The selection was a bit small, but what we ate was great!More reviews at http://www.TheVegasEvent.com
Very solid Dim Sum joint. Enjoyed their lunch. Customer service was average. Definitely would recommend going here for lunch. Not so much a dinner place in my opinion.
Yummmmmmm DishCity and Dimsum. Are among the two most awesome Dim Sum Houses in Las Vegas. Don't miss the Dim Sum Cart Experience 10-3pm everyday. KJ Dim Sum at Rio and Amazing Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast Casino across the street... Are The Bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very talented lots of great designs a little pricy but the end result is amazing and I will defiantly be back
Absolutely love this place the owner always takes care of me and he's hilarious!! I came here one night I was looking for a nail place that stayed open late and close by... I ended up finding  Luxy nails on yelp and what I love bed was the salon was PINK! My favorite color and it also have very comfortable looking chairs so I told myself I HAVE a to go check this place out!..and every since I've been hooked I only come here now! Such good customer service.
Love that this place is open. Vee was amazing and I love my nails! She really took her time and I felt she enjoyed her job
I won't go anywhere else. Tony is AMAZINGLY and his work is unbeatable! Highly recommend to everyone, you won't be disappointed. They are up to date on all of the latest nail trends.Friendly too!
Fast and friendly service. The girls that work at this location are very friendly and accommodating.
Great service.   Elle really knows how the make those drinks! Jake is so funny! Jenga was cool because of the stuff written on the blocks
Great eyebrow threading.   Fast and courteous service.  Tried it after receiving in-app deal.
Just look at the photo n judge it yourself . Looks like a 5th graders work worst hena tattoo ever .. Worst 20 dollars I've ever spent .. Terrible service .. Looks nothing like the example photo .. It's just awful
Love this place! Ask for Shila or Kruti. Both are awesome. Nice ambience and pleasant staff. Drop in only, so you might need to wait a little sometimes. Try to come during week days in the afternoon.
Tasty, but the pulled pork had the mouthfeel of salmon salad. Kind of weird. The ambience is good, and the location is convenient to the business district.  For the location prices are very reasonable, but portions are small so don't expect a filling meal.
It's not express but it tastes good!  I find it fairly difficult to find a Pho place out in Vegas that tastes authentic.  Rainbow Pho Express is pretty authentic!  Reminds me of the Pho places I love back in San Jose, CA where you know Pho is authentic because of the number of Vietnamese residents that reside there.My go to items to order are of course the Special Combination Pho soup, fried egg rolls that come w/ lettuce to wrap and dip in the fish sauce, and my ultimate favorite is their vermicelli bowl equipped with grilled shrimp and fried egg rolls.  Their rice plates with pork chop is real good too.  Everything is flavorful here and I love their Pho broth; there is no need to add sauces to it, just some lime and jalapeno for a little kick!  They have an abundance of veggies in their vermicelli bowl which is why its my favorite!I knocked off a star because they don't have very many chicken dishes, or none at all on their menu which I find weird.Overall, great place to go.  But be warned, it ain't express!
I tasted thheir turkey brie sandwich with their beet and arugulla salad. Delicious! But they don't have much other food.  Their menu is limited.  I believe its more of a coffee place.
Mediocre and expensive as taqeria go.  Normally I would have more to write but there's just nothing more to say.  I won't be back.
Strawberry poppyseed chicken salad is the best salad ever! I know it's a seasonal item, but I'll take it while I can! Lol.This Paradise Bakery was right across the street from our hotel room.  My choice for lunch! Super convenient! The place was busy, yet still very manageable to get in and out of. There was a little mix up with our order, but the lady at the cashier counter was super friendly and very helpful with getting our order right and done quickly!My friend had a half a sandwich and cheddar & broccoli soup, and I had the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. OMG! Everything was delicious! The portions were pretty generous for being just half. Loved everything! That soup was creamy and super cheesy too! Mmmm!Thank you to that super gal at the counter, I definitely appreciate her kindness, since it can be really frustrating when it's super busy! (Got an extra cookie since they messed up my order!) Customer service is tops here!  The service and food was excellent, what more can you ask for?
give it an hour or so.. for people to start showing up. Live Music. there were I think 7 different food vendors. Bu it was soo cold, last time we attempted it was RAINING.. pouring. we still tried to support but didn't last long. Yelp had a stand there where we got a card stamp. It seems to have been smaller from the last time we had gone. I love that las vegas is starting to have more community events. This is something that we really need.Its located downtown which is improving vastly and am excited to see what it will all soon be.      They have a few different free parking areas, you can get validated @ some of the casinos. El Cortez is the closest. and there are parking meters on the street.
Great food great fun. Remember to buy drink tickets and you're made in the shade!I ate from the French Bistro tent, shrimp and sausage in all the right spices.Everyone I went with ate somewhere different, hell my friend the chef ate twice!Dragon Grille THUMBS UPSlidin Thru the bf got the western/BBQ burgers. Wasn't 100% into the barbecue sauce they used but the meat was excellent and the onions were nice and crispy.I don't remember the name of the other truck we ate at but everything was worth it and sharing and wandering was tons of fun.
disgusting. how did this place even get such high ratings??? service was not that great and friendly either.
This place was quick and efficient. The business is superb...I would recommend this to anyone who has broken their screen
Justin, yes please find the part. Let me know when you have it please. I have not heard from you yet concerning the repair to my tablet.
The brisket is super tender the ribs are good too and the mustard greens caught me off guard how good they could be
Good bang for your buck if you are staying in the hotel! The crust has a nice garlic flavor and the pizza was really fresh and hot
Our waiter Daniel was great!!  Side salads are not listed on menu but are $3.99. Buffalo chicken pizza was good. I ordered the Romania  chicken salad. The chicken was dried out,  but Daniel & the mgr were quick to bring out new chicken. Maybe stick to the pizza imo.
Good & cheap... Just how i like my pizza!! Had a slice before the show.. Perfect for on the go :)
The best pizza on the strip hands down! Reminds of a New York pie. Great staff and great food. Tell the Big Slice I said hi!
Awesome vegan options! Totally loved the food and the service! I will so be back...even though I was the only Vegan at the table--- all the non Vegas LOVED their food--- Pizzas and fettuccine Alfredo... Wonderful family dinner... Thanks Slice of Vegas!!
Great prices,  great range,  friendly people....Great selection of weapons to shot at a range as well to buy at retail. They got apparel, good ammo prices,  interesting targets, to choose from for a 1 $, overall a lot of fun
First experience in a range was a blast! Learning to shoot with family! Good deal! Will definitely be coming back. Now I want something of my own to shoot.
These guys are best in town! Great customer service and very knowledgeable staff. Lots of guns and gear in stock and shooting range where you can rent to shoot many pistols and rifles.
Amazing pizza!Definitely one of the best places to get pizza in Vegas.  I highly recommend them.
Excellent BBQ just a short walking distance from the Epicenter. Try the Pulled Pork Quesadilla. It's cut into 4 wedges and big enough for sharing.
Too hot during the summer months! Literally sweating while eating. Makes it very uncomfortable to sit for longer than 15 minutes. Servers said it's as low as it'll go.
Great food and staff!!! Sushi is amazing...I love the scenery too and the location is walking distance from other places as well. Parking is validated for the parking garage. Me and my friends will continue to go to this restaurant on a regular!!
Five tables open, on a Tuesday, 12:30pm. Nice Spanish guitar music. Work crowd but not packed.  Tried a few different dishes, Waiter suggested a fantastic wine. Food was wonderful as was the atmosphere. Great date place in my opinion though I went for lunch. Loved it!
Just OK - not really Spanish. Mediocre wine list and big appetizers vs true tapas. I would say very American food with Spanish music playing.
Oh yeah the BBQ goes hard!  This place has the best BBQ in area...really great market with lots of cheese and meats and really cool decor.
The original brisket is back. All is good again.  Thanks for listening to your customers.
I saw your restaurant on diners.drive n and diners...congrats....im heading your way soon.
Cute place. Loved the beef brisket sandwich and the beans. Would like to see the barbecue sauces on the table.
Amazing concept. Works for dads, moms and kids. Food is tasty and affordable. I loved the no sco burrito and husband has the 2 eggs breakfast. Both delicious and best coffee we've had in Arizona so far. We'll be back next time we visit!!
Looked like a little hole in the wall sort of place so I decided to check it out.  After the meal I will review and let you know if it's any good.Ok, so now the review.  This place was average.  The food was 'OK' but nothing too special.  I liked the Bacon Cheeseburger and the fries, but the ranch tasted funny, almost like it was old ranch.  The place seemed pretty clean inside which surprised me because I kinda expected it to look dirtier simply because of the location and look outside.  The service could have been better.  I asked what sauce came on the burger and was told it was a special sauce like thousand island or something, so I said no sauce.  Later he asked if I wanted Mayo so I was like "sure", and the burger came with mayo that had relish mixed in it.  I cannot stand relish so I had to wipe all the sauce out of the burger.  Would have been nice to be told, that the mayo was not just plain mayo.
Amazing Fried Chicken and mashed PotatoesThey are amazing. Great food...  the also own the hotel next door and it was a great stay since we played a block away at the Gold Mine Tavern.
Tasty food! Great price! The best thing to get would be there chicken! Service was very good. Can't say enough about this place!
Great American Food coupled with great service. I feel better going here then some chain restaurant for breakfast.
I will not buy my coffee drinks anywhere else in Las Vegas.  Customer service and drinks are epic.  A glorious melange of books and games.  Brilliant art work as well. I'm addicted
Great shop!  Friendly staff!  The best vibe in Silverado Ranch/Green Valley.Seriously.  This place is awesome.  The coffee is good, they have a large variety of speciality drinks and flavors that taste great. None of them leaving you feeling overly fancy or like you've over spent.In fact their stamp card program is probably the best and most generous I've seen from a Vegas coffee shop.Now the best thing about this place: the hang.Elements that make the hang awesome:-staff, they actually know who people are-people, tons of regulars-games, lots of them-seating, well laid out-decorative elements, radicalLook if you live in Silverado, go here.
Best coffee ever! Plain and simple.I usually get caramel frappe and use almond milk instead. So so so good! :)
The best coffee shop in Nevada! Seriously.. Their coffee is tasty, their Monday half off specials are awesome, & they have super friendly workers.
Get your Bulletproof Coffee Here!!! Yum!This one of the best coffee shops in the city! Great coffee, ambience and now more than enough space.
Just what I needed for a groggy morning.....coffee helps colds  seriously the nicest coffee joint around
Best pizza ever!!!!  Must get the bread sticks  :-) plus the price very fair. Just love this place
Amazing!.  Deep relaxation and healing experience. Thank you Dr Richman. Too relax to write a long review. Lol.  We all should get accunputure.  :)
Best in Phoenix. Everyone has personality and they are fun. I tried so many and I only post if it's legit.
This place is so irritating!!!! And not to mention rude state workers..
Very fast service and friendly staff. I was really surprised by how fast it is. The staff help you out as much as possible.
It was just ok. Nothing special to brag about. The spicy beef soup was very bland. The meat combo platter was decent.
Good sandwiches. The lady at the register is kind of dumb though.  She might have some mental issues...
Best donuts!! And the service is good and fast. My family highly recommends Bosa donuts over any donuts.
Best place for men if you like to take care of extra facial hair (cheeks, bushy eyebrows, etc). This franchise is predictably great and the staff is friendly. Make sure to call ahead to make your appointment and they will be very accommodating.
El diablo, what a joke not even spicy... Just kidding it was pretty spicyWings were amazing but if you were to visit Lancaster, get the pig tail!!! You won't regret it
Solid happy hour, funny comedy Sunday. It's tight. You should definitely come. The atmosphere is small club feel.
Great place and nice staff, and I like my sparkly nails I definitely want to come back during happy hr! Kim did my mani and pedi.  It was awesome.
Best nail salon in Vegas! Super friendly staff and they can do ANY design you want! Super clean and efficient! They always have new colors, furniture and it is always a relaxing time!
Thank u kim for doing an amazing job!! First time doing stiletto gel nails and I love them! I'll definitely be coming back!
Love Peter!! My nails look amazing every time. I get so many compliments. Gotta love a nail salon that doesn't talk crap about people too.
Beautiful job on my nails, great service. I will be back. I got a french gel manicure and they still look great after 3 weeks.
Thanks for sweet the mani pedi duo for my mom and I! Always coming back to get my nails done and Peter and Kim do an awesome job. I think I made my mom a believer too!
I came In here wanting an exact nail type. I also got a pedicure. Peter did an absolute perfect job on my stiletto nails. They're amazing ! I would recommend this store to all my girl friends in Vegas, since I am passing through. Next time I'm in Vegas I will return here. Thank you.
I will definitely be back excellent cs and work and peter is an awesome nail tech!!!! A++++BUISSNES! !!
This place is the best place around here! Great service and great people! I always get my nails done here and it's a great environment that smells good and clean!
Tony took his time and did an amazing job!! He did my nails and gave me a pedicure. Tony was nice and very patient. Everything was clean and the staff here was very professional. I'm already looking forward to coming back again!
First time here and Peter did my nails PERRFECTTTT! I never really get acrylics because I'm so picky, but after seeing all the good reviews here at CCs I decided to make an appointment & I am never going anywhere else! LALALAAAVE MY NAILS and my awesome experience here with Peter.
Love my nails! staff was friendly and helpful :) wide range of gel colors... Most I've seen :) will definitely come back.
omebre by Kim！ great experience！It is a go o d place to come and will be back next time!
Had a great pedi today! Just moved to Vegas and glad I found my new nail spa. Very professional staff and got us in right away.
Very happy with Peters work he's great and fast ! I live pretty far from this location but it's definitely worth the drive. They have soooooo many colors to choose from as well
I will never go back.  Torture chamber. Cut me toenail in half. Still bleeding. Toenail fell off on the way home.   Cost a fortune.  Never again
My nails are fantastic and so pretty. They have the best customer service and they know exactly what to do. My nails last over two weeks. Peter is fantastic.
Easy 5 star experience all around. Eric is a great server.I was scratching my head to figure out a place to have her birthday dinner.  So, Anthony's, being close, sounded good.  And, I'm a total sucker for a good burger.  And, a good burger is what we had.We had reservations for 7 on Thursday Jan. 2nd.  Even if we didn't have reservations, we would have still been seated immediately.  The place was very quiet.  We were seated by the window overlooking the pool.  But, the pool area was dark so you couldn't see it very well.  But, you could see the distant lights and that was nice.  The hostess asked us if the table was ok as there was a little draft coming though.  We decided to move to a different table.  So accommodating.  We had a chance to look through our menu's while our drinks were being made.Eric, our server, came to the table and answered our questions and made a couple of recommendations as well.  He was extremely helpful.  I went with the Imperial Burger and asked it with no onions.  She got the I.P.A. burger with all of the fire on it.  I'm not into the over spicy but the burger looked great.  Eric brought out our burgers and mine came out with the onions on top.  I had to send it back.  Can't do Onions!!!  So, the problem was rectified promptly.  Eric came out and apologized for the mix up.  Stuff like that happens so it wasn't a big deal.  We feasted on the burgers, which were cooked perfectly.  Juicy and messy, just the way a burger should be.  We also had some Garlic Parm Fries which was a great side.  I could eat those as my main course.  Eric then came out with a piece of Red Velvet Cake as a comp.  I think it was because they put onions on my burger.  Great customer service.  We also ordered a piece of Peanut Butter pie which was decadent and sweet.  This may become our new place.
We would come here every day if you had wifi for customers. We love the view overlooking the pool, the food is good especially like you offer cottage cheese. Please add wifi so we can read the news with breakfast and answer e-mails.
Being open till 3 am is clutch, they were about to close the doors and still let me in to get food. Good customer service
$20 for non-residents - worth it. The history behind this museum was so interesting and intriguing. I'd go back, cause it takes about 3-4 hours.
OMG! Really fun and educational! Staff is very friendly and every time I go I always have a good time.
One of my favorite Vegas moments, definitely something I would see multiple times.  The staff was great, friendly and the information is presented in a easy and understandable manner.  If you are into this era, you need to make sure you visit the Mob Museum
This is THE place to go in town for a greaser do. Old school barber shop. You can get a kick *** pompadore with all the grease at a very reasonable price.
Looking for a Barber Shop this is it. Man's Barber Shop. Attention to detail is the best
Worst chorizo I have ever tasted... Never again!!! I ordered the Arizona omelet and it was covered in "ranchero" sauce that had the worst flavor. I will never be back.
Bacon! Bacon!  And more Bacon!  Even the donuts are made out of bacon.  It is really quite good though not spectacularly so.  -2 stars if you are a vegetarian.
Man I wish there was a place like this in LA!!!  It's CLEAN! Complimentary fancy drinks and fresh baked cookies. It has mirrored furniture I wanna take home LOL JK. Most importantly seems like an honest place won't add on extras or BS thaturcar is messed up. The prices are amazing and even more straight forward :) I think I'll have to drive here from LA every time I need any kind of service :)
Highly reccomend this place! I walked in and very nice guy took care of me right away, will definetly go back!
Love this place! Great customer service and service overall. Might be slightly pricier than "normal" oil changes but it's worth not having to get out of your car.
Very Honest and does very professional work! Did all the repairs that the inspector said needed to be done and will hire him again in the future. Garagedoor, water heater, garbage disposal electric fan etc. Even my dog like him and he doesn't like anybody! Thanks Andy!
This place is the business .. the shoyu ramen with spicy meat is so freaking good! Every time we go there its busy so we call ahead for pick up. We've probably ordered from here about 30 times and have never been disappointed...we still can't remember the proper names to order and they are always patient and get it right.
The place is kinda small but very good RAMEN!
Perfect ramen. I can't even imagine how it could get better.I usually get the spicy shoyu and my wife gets the miso and they never let us down. I've been there maybe around 10 times.
It was the Best ive had in a long time. It was what i needed. It had a little wait but it was worth the wait.
This style of ramen was not my taste, very blent and not fun of the egg noodle. Service was not that great either.
Go see Racquel Bray! She is the best! Racquel does my hair, both my kids and husband. The kids are always excited to see her and her cuts and colors are awesome! The other stylist are always super friendly too!
This is an amazing place. Good service. Go in for an Happy Beer :-)Oh yeah, did I mentioned they have the best carrot cake
Hands down, the best carpet cleaning company in Phoenix!  Friendly, professional and really nice people.   You will not be disappointed.
I'm not sure when Planet Hollywood shot glasses and VHS tapes became antiques. If that's what you are looking for than this is the place for you.
Good little breakfast place. They use to deliver but got too busy :(Good coffee & a nice mix up on the menu.
I had the chocolate cream pie and it was the best. Iwould highly recommend this place.  And I sure will be back and tell everyone I can to come here.  I am anxious to try one of their savory pies.  Chicken pot pie it is childhood favorite.
Is that a Drag Queen holding the Tru ~ Cab logo in your pictures just kidding you guys are great but any Cab drivers knows you don't start your day or night off on a Empty tank of fuel That's a bad Omen in the Taxi service.
Awesome serivce every time! The food is good too:)I love their Monday Tuesday specials!
good place to hangout with friends and enjoy bruschetta :) great selection of wine too
best place ever! great vibed, great food! Very clean and fast service.  Employees are so happy all the time it's great .
Great food and great service. Wish they had one on every block! Great specials $5 pitchers until 5pm Everyday! The bruschettas are the best in the area by far. This place is one of our favorites. It's hip and plenty of space for groups!
The food was wonderful.  Enjoyable place to sit and relax. Chef Andrew and the bar tender made it two thumbs up! !
Cool patio and great bruschetta! Very tasty and great atmosphere. Come early for the $5 wine before 5pm to save some cash. Really enjoyed their patio and they even have some outdoor games. This area in Gilbert is booming and this location is a great addition to the culinary options available.
Great way to spend happy hour! Love doing the two for one deal.... Their soups if the moment changes daily and during the day as it runs out but all the ones I've had have been delightful! Great place to sit outside too! $5 pitcher or $5 wine from 11-5 awesome!!!
Great location...  The wraps and fresh brewed teas are exactly what you would expect from Red Velvet Cafe.... Chipotle Turkey Avacado wrap is delicious.  2nd day in a row!
Personable friendly and professional....job well done! I would hire them again when I get my new place.
Best carpet cleaning service Las Vegas ask for Jake! They really do a great job and have equipment other carpet cleaning services don't have.
Ordered the prime rib. $13.99. Great value, juicy prime rib with green beans. Choice of baked potato, mash, fries or rice. Salad or soup. Comes with a 20oz beer. Long line for dinner.Come after peak hours for lunch and dinner, it'll be faster to get a seat and less noisy!Service is efficient and mostly cold. They are very busy afterall. Will be back for the steak and egg special!
The best steak and egg breakfast,  and cheap $6. Service was very good.  A must before hitting the strip.  Get a players card.
Best fried chicken and great prices. Always a wait but worth it every time. I've also had many other menu items like prime rib, sandwiches and other tasty items offered. Gotta say service is a bit poor but the food is top notch for the price you pay. Again it's worth the wait. Enjoy
They made the foods very good, and price was cheap. The steak made very good. I order steak and eggs, the steak made very good. The people say the prime was very good too.may be tonight I will try prime.
Best Pizza around. I would eat here everyday if I wasn't so fat. The staff is super nice except for the EMO girl.
HUGE amounts of pizza! Very yummy! Much better than Venezias! We ordered the supreme, the meat lovers, the pineapple, and the pepperoni with wings and knots. My only critique would be that the knots were pretty chewy and could have been softer.. The ranch was amazing!
Best pizza I've ever had, and at a good price!!!! The serving sizes are huge too, and the flavor is very fresh and authentic. Good atmosphere, clean place, overall awesome experience!!! 10 out of 10 would recommend!!!
Visiting from California. Great food, awesome service. And you can bring your own beer. Loved the seafood special. The other courses looked good too. Will be back.
This place is simply amazing! Love it! It's way more than a bakery. They have great food and always new things to discover.
great all u can eat sushi! Great customer service. The sushi there are really fresh! N the price is reasonable.
Good, tasty fresh sushi. Small portions of rice. Definitely worth every penny. Sushi is well prepared with a special touch. If you are not that hungry you can order a shirashi plate.
Food was ok and pretty small place.  Music mix was good and service fine. There was sometimes a smoke smell probably from the Hookah lounge beside establishment.
Best groomers ever!! Thanks so much Debbie and Stephanie:)) my dog is very sensitive and they always take such great care of him. Thx so much!!
Awesome place!!!  They have fresh food not many places have fresh bird food!  Judy that works there is very knowledgable and also a very loving and caring person to these beautiful babies!!!
Best Cyclone Bootcamp in the valley !!I love this studio has so much to offer & best teachers,!
Try their alligator pastry and Mexican cookies! So good. Also, after 11am they serve delicious authentic burritos. This is perfect because I can get pastries and a burrito and start my day off with the pastries then eat the burrito later for lunch and dinner. The burrito is big and full of whatever you want to put in it. Really fresh ingredients. [I wish the burritos were served earlier because my day really shouldn't start at 11am. However I can see why burritos aren't served until 11am.]Rick's has delicious pastries and now serves delicious burritos. [Note: They are closed on Sundays. I don't know if it says it on here. I think it does. Don't want anyone to go and then be disappointed they aren't open.] They have tables too so you can sit down there and they have coffee. Oh and everyone is consistently really nice, so the experience is always good.
Get here early to get the best seats. Most are first come first served.It all depends on who is performing but I've been three times now and I always find something to chuckle about; the host is often funnier than the guest performers as was the case my last visit but hey comedy is a hit and miss thing and you have to know and understand your audience; Most of the crowd was in their mid 40s to early 60s and since a lot of the jokes were geared toward a younger crowd they missed; Its a small/intimate venue with a very attentive wait staff to minimize the need to get up and go to the bar (nice job ladies) Tickets are free on seatfiller.com and if you can get them for free you will love the show. if you pay for them you may be a little disappointed.
Located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel. Sundays get packed, so either come early or make reservations for brunch or lunch. The decor is an artistic rustic. The service was good and the food was great. A bit pricey, but Vegas is a tourist area.
Love this place - great burgers - best of any airport I have been to.  When in Charlotte Airport, which I am in a bunch becasue I fly US Air, this is my go to spot.You will notice this restaurant in the wing becasue it is almost always busy.  Expect to wait or cozy up really close to someone at the bar.  The interior is whimsiaclly decorated with old comic books, posters and ample TV's.  For those on the run, they have a quick service counter to the left of the opening.  Music is not overpowering.The menu is all burger bar with very few salads.  For those that don't eat cow there are other options like turkey burgers and chicken burgers.  Their are a number of composed burgers with ingredients based on theme.  For those that like to build there burger there are a plethora of options from white cheddar to applewood bacon to fried eggs. I have never had a bad meal here even if I was eating a turkey burger.  You can even eat paleo here becasue of all the options.  I will say the only dissapointment are the fries.  That not withstanding, it is always a safe and quite tqasty bet in the airport.Until by next flying gastronomic escapade, dine fine.
Do not get the grilled onions..They were very rubbery. Over priced, but you cant find anything that isn't in an aiport. Great fries. Overall it was a good little burger joint.
Terrible service, a waiter who didn't care and the wrong eggs. Didn't remove the disgusting scrambled eggs off my plate...just brought the new ones and I had to transfer everything else off the plate... Now cold by the way.
A little cramped, but we were seated quickly and the burgers were amazing! A little loud but overall enjoyed the food. service was quick too making it easy to stop in before our connecting flight.
Garlic Naan is the best. Food is quite good.
The Salad dressing is soooo good here!  I think this is a great place to go in a hurry.  Much better option over fast food.   The Miso soup and salad is amazing.  The Avocado roll is one of my favorites, too.  My husband really likes the Combo of Beef and Chicken Teriyaki bowl.  I love that you don't have to pay a tip, too!  It makes everything faster when you order at the counter!  The place is very clean and has plenty of seating.   They also serve alcohol.
Nice remodel of an already nice space. This Bonnie Bar is a true Celtic Cantina, hopefully there are no banshees haunting this welcome pub.This is just what you expect it be- a kitschy, chain-style style restaurant and bar with an Irish/Scottish flair for fun... Are you going to get fantastic food? Incomparable service? Well, no... but in this area in particular that is deluged with national and local corporate cookie cutter establishments, this is a welcome addition, if only because this building is so cool (and okay, they have Kilt Girls).
Me and my family loved getting wasted here. Everything was so good and we had so much fun watching a basketball game. Try the Guinness, the beer they are known for.
Chelsea is the best bartender she took care of me and my stomach lol i try to come and get food and drinks here once or twice a month ill always come back
I think Yelp said it best...  meh, I've had much better!  All flavorless other than the ground beef.
A little rough around the edges but great breakfast and service they have a smoking area outside which inevitably drifts back inside have only had breakfast no beer on tap
Nice service, but long lines in the morning, just off the elevator by tower 4. Should put in more seating.
Love this place!!!  They always do an amazing job with my Zowee!  Making an appointment is easy and they are very accommodating.  My dog loves this place as much as I do.  Price is great.  They just did a fabulous renovation and the place looks awesome!!!
Arnoldo is the best server! Come see him! And my coconut calamari was the bomb! My sister got the Michelada drink and loved it! The grilled corn appetizer is amazing!
Alberto was our waiter. He is great!!!! We got there and wanted to sit outside and he totally accommodated us.
Great job ladies! Love you! Always a great job! Ann and Moon are awesome!  Moon does a great pedicure.  So relaxing.  Ann is the owner and can do any design! Always so cheerful.
So glad we found this place! Fresh fast service.  Will definitely be back.  The potatoes are perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Friendly clean place.
Disappointing - not impressed at all. Lost reservation, sent to the wrong room, zero upgrades.... Only saving grace was Cindy at the front desk
Disappointing - not impressed at all. Lost reservation, sent to the wrong room, zero upgrades.... Only saving grace was Cindy at the front desk...Update to my review - Erica (customer service manager) contacted me and was quite nice, I explained my concerns and was really sympathetic (In a genuine way, not the corporate fake way) and with that personal response It made everything that went wrong right again.  And yes I will absolutely stay here again.
Great little water park.  It can get pretty busy on the weekends but during the week it is pretty comfortable. Chill lifeguards that's do their job and keep the kids safe. Really great sloped entry into the pool makes it easy for little ones. Lazy river and whirlpool are the kids favorites.
Great food, yummy and fantabulous drink. Our server ,Lauren, was awesome. Good place for group and birthday celebrants... :-) will be back for sure. #foodporn
The Coronado is awesome.  Caramelized onions, Red Bell Peppers, Provolone Cheese and homemade Horseradish cole slaw.  Topped with fried onion ring and roasted chile mayo.  It is cheesesteak goodness.  The place looks sketchy from the outside, but inside is VERY clean and nice.  Staff are very friendly and attentive.  I have been here a dozen times since I started the draft of this review, and they are still worth every bit of the 5 stars.  The rib-eye meat they use is so good and makes for great sandwiches, my family has taken to calling it 'dragon meat'...(we already call the Capistromi @ Capriotti's 'unicorn meat')...they are so good it's mythical.
Just ate the best Philly ever....of course I've never been to Philly but damn!  I ordered the Phoenix and it was the most phenomenal Philly cheese steak sandwich in my life.  The place is very small and casual but they are very clean and modern inside.  Parking in front blows but they also have parking in back.  I challenge you to try this place if you think you know a better place....then message me so I can be the judge!  Ha ha I have been trying not to give 5 stars away so easily anymore but I could not resist.  This place deserves 10!
Had the fried chicken last night. Off the hook. Great job. The ribs were also tender. Greens were good and the slaw tasty. Only the Mac n cheese left a little to be desired probably because it was take out (kinda dry)   Will stop here more often.
They won't give out wifi password, even though there's a listing for "Guest." Not nice.  But the office is brand-new and beautiful, so I'm hoping that this will change with time.  Luckily, I've never had to wait more than a few minutes before being taken, so it hasn't been a problem.This practice is owned by two doctors in L.A., who are attempting to set up a complete medical facility, with all kinds of specialists to keep patients in-house.  I think they're looking for the cradle-to-grave experience, and I wonder who they'll get to do their mortuary work :D.Parking is easy, and when you're finished, you don't even have to go back onto Warm Springs to get to the shopping center, where you can drop bucks at T.J. Maxx, Home Goods, and Glazier's Market - just drive right through.  At least for now, until something is built in- between.The down note for me about this practice is that it's right across the street from St. Rose Hospital - St. Martin Campus, which doesn't have a great safety record, and that's who these doctors are affiliated with.  I'm not sure how that would play out if I needed a hospital, because I sure wouldn't choose that one.  Hope I never have to find out.I do love the Dr. I see here, Dr. Harouni, and I will review her separately.
Thanks to the awesome review from my yelp buddy Nelson Q, I decided to bookmark this place and make it a point to stop here the next time the boyfriend and I are in town.After figuring out where it was from where we were staying we put it off until the next day we would be in the general area. This place is not close to the Strip its a little past DTLV, but in my opinion, it's totally worth the drive to get some cheap yummy Mexican treats. The place is located in a small kind of run down business/shopping center. Do not let it scare you, it is safe as for what you find inside will totally be worth it! Walking in the first thing, I see is a couple of bags left of my precious snack that I have been longing for, Duroa de Harina with lime and chili salt (or in English wheat pinwheels ).They also have helado (Mexican ice cream) that is made fresh in house; some of the flavors that I saw there were:Fresa-StrawberryGuayaba-GuavaMangoPina-PineappleLimeBubble Gumand a bunch more that I could not see because not only is this place super small, but after 5:00pm on a weekday, this is the place to be after a hard day at work or school!If you do order ice cream they offer a free topping as well, which is great! They have a nice selection of agua frescas (Horchata, Tamarind and Melon). If you are not wanting desert right away then they also have tacos and burritos too, which the boyfriend and I decided that we will have to try the next time we are in town!They also have Smoothies, Tostilocos (one of my favorites) an assortment of Mexican candy as well!Prices are amazing for a single scoop of ice cream and my bag of Duroa de Harina it came to under $8.00. Note: If you are not certain on how a flavor will taste you can try a sample of it. Everyone working there was very nice and helpful. The parking lot can be a bit of a zoo; we parked toward the end where there were a couple of extra spaces.
Walked in.. Waited ten minutes. We didn't get acknowledged. No hello, no Hola. Someone walked in after us, and got there ice cream first. We walked out.. Empty handed and sad.   And it was very hot in there, some of ice cream was even melting.
Standard starbucks; great people and an indoor / outdoor seating area.  Nice friendly starbucks baristas.  Was central and one of my go to starbucks during my montreal trip.
Excellent service, great food, nice people. Will be back!! Everything coming out of the kitchen just got better and better
Buttermilk Pie. You need this in your life. Nothing bad here.Back for the 5th time as I drive through. Burger is great. Service is fine. Y'all need to get in here
Got a 10%off coupon on Yelp. Showed it to the server she told me to hit redeem and that Yelp will do the rest. Honey it doesn't work that way you need to give me the discount. Didn't even bother to say anything just took the 10% out of her tip.I would give this a 5 star because the food is great.  However the service is lacking. We picked out our table and waited 20 minutes for someone to approach us, there was only two other tables in the place.  The server was more anxious about the party of 25 that was coming.  Get the Rahm Vienerschnitzel and the Strudel.
Very good food! I was not disappointed. I will be returning and telling my friends. I passed by here everyday I and had to try it. The Bier brat was great. Nice quiet place, nice pictures and atmoshere
Delicious authentic German food. So great! The ramh schnitzel was wonderful, the potato soup was so flavorful and the rice pudding was a refreshing desert.
Good Food, Great fast Friendly Service, authenticity to the highest ! I highly recommend this place for good homemade food !
This place is open for breakfast on the weekends even though the yelp page says its closed. Nice relaxed atmosphere pleasant service this morning. food was fair
I love this store great prices  :) Not like costco no need for a membership . Just walkin and shop !!! The best is you can check-out quick without waiting on long lines .
Across from Walgreen's.Average as far as Starbucks go. Service wasn't outstanding. Not much to write about, so I'm done.
This place is kind of hidden, but in a good location. It is fairly small and appears more like a fast food atmosphere, but has a some dine in tables. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. They have a nice variety on their menu and a favorite of mine was the lobster roll. They also have take out ordering available. The food was good and we definitely would go again. All you can eat sushi...lunch $19.95, dinner $23.95
The place is awesome, good food and very very nice people. They serve several complimentary side dishes with your entree and are very kind. Gives you a warm family feel.
Great place, be patient.   Worth the effort.   Hole in the wall and the food is fantastic.   Kind older Korean couple.   Don't be in a hurry and you will enjoy it.
Dirty and no service. Got tired of waiting and left.  I do not understand the great reviews.  Who knows maybe I went on a had day. But there were only two other tables and one had finished eating alread.
Fresh, soft, delish. No glitz or glamour, but the donuts were good! My favorite was the cinnamon roll and chocolate glazed with sprinkles. The coffee wasn't the greatest, but I wasn't there for the coffee.
Still my favorite burrito place! I love the steak burrito with their smoked chipotle Tabasco sauce. They are always making sure that the customer is happy. We were in this location last night and it was a bit slow, but nothing to complain about. The cashier apologized and gave us a buy one get one card. I will continue to go to places that care about the customer so much.
Try the tofu sofritos!  Spicy and delicious! I am not a vegetarian by any means, but had to sample it.  Wonderful!
Great Chipotle, always generous and fun employees. I have been going to this chipotle since it opened and not many compare.
Only been there once but it was good! Friendly staff, good times, check it out. (What's up with Yelp's insistence on verbose reviews? I don't like reading verbose reviews unless they are written by a professional food critic or maybe David Foster Wallace. What creepy user content metric are you trying to maximize, Yelp? Don't you realize, Yelp, that this imparts a selection bias on the restaurant ratings?)
Best wings in town! You won't be disappointed. They are cooked to perfection and the flavors pop in your mouth.
Straight up legit wings joint.  All they do is wings and they are amazing! They aren't a chain and have 18 amazing flavors. Be sure to ask for the chef special.  Also get the homemade biscuits.  You won't be disappointed.  They even let you try the wing sauce before ordering.
These guys are super awesome, and their wings are crazy good!  I went with honey habeñero, Cajun BBQ, and the ranch dry rub.  Great flavors, nice environment, not a bad wait time either.
The best wings in Arizona!!!!!!! I really love the ranch. I also like how they let you try a Wing if you a first time Comer.
Love that they let you taste a wing with different sauces... Really good spot.. I like the mustard Honey havenero and the ATL dry Alison the cajon. We will be back
Love the food always consistent. Shrimp pizza is very tasty try it! Very friendly staff. Overall great prices, could use an atmosphere update.
Best chorizo burrito and menudo in town.  I Go There often.  Make sure the soda isn't flat though.  Could use a red chili item on menu.
Solid... A little expensive but a great taco shop.  Carne asada tacos rock!  My kids get the quesadillas and they are huge and filled with a good amount of shredded chicken.
Stupid. Thats it just plain dumb.So I call, place the order. He said 2 toppings on 2 mediums $6.99 each, good deal, He says "im going to call u in 15 min. If you dont answer we are canceling the order" I asked so when will it be ready? He says 15 min. Ok so my phone dies so i drive over get there just in time. He says , i called u and u didnt pick up so we didnt place the order. I said, but u said it was going to be ready in 15 min so here i am. He said well its because you were a first time customer so i had to call u first before we make the pizzas. Uhhh isnt the whole point about me calling to place the order because i did want the pizza? Why would u have to call me back to confirm? That doesnt make sense. Silence..  I leave take my business to another pizza hut he says $6.99 each for 2 mediums and whatever toppings. Even better. Byyeee felicia!
Nice staff and very friendly Prices more than okay !Rooms spacey and cleanClose to many shops and bars
Nice staff, good location, room was clean, would stay again if visiting Scottsdale. So close to the strip of bars and restaurants. Walking distance!
Good sandwiches but prices are higher than quality of food.Deliver until like two am which is way later than others.  Great if you're a bar next door to it patron,  they bring food right to yoy
Yes yes yes i love this place;-)If you like pizza and wings and have a few drinks or just a family night yassss
Loved the staff and the food! Pizza sauce doesn't give me heartburn like most places .I was very impressed and will be returning to try more food.
Love my neighborhood Starbucks staff, however...Parking lot is tricky and does not wrap all of the way around. I see traffic jams as people make 23 point turn around a to exit. They really need signage !!! Management can easily step up here !
Good foodGood shishaGood sweetsssSince the dough is made fresh and baked traditionally it tastes fresh and healthyThe service could be improved though but i did not mind!
The 6.99 Yelp special is no longer valid. They have a 7.99 special now.OK now to the good part. The pancakes were huge! If you been to Hash House a Go Go, thats how big they are. We ordered the pancake combo and our waiter Danny, brought us The Daily Egg Famous Pancake and the Banana Chocolate Chip Pancakes. We were only supposed to pick one flavor, but he was nice to give us two different flavors without charging us extra. We also ordered the Classic Three Egg Breakfast with 2 slices of bacon and hash brown. Now that I think of it, he forgot to bring me my wheat toast, but whatever. They were nice and I was already full. At the end of our meal, they gave us two small pieces of baklava. That was really good. I cant wait to go back there again to try other items on their menu.
Great service.  They said the chairs move, not at all sure what that means...ordered steak and eggs and the yelp special.  Very honey vibe, which is surprising considering its right off the street.  Our server giggled....super underrated, love a good giggle.  Food was great and not expensive.  Great find to hide away from kids.
Love Rachele for beautiful three-tone color. They were very nice and competitively priced. My hair feels and looks great.
Try their "hot sauce" on your burger. Good!This particular five guys is fairly new.  My family likes the fries when they're hot.  The burgers aren't cheap, but they are very good and the toppings selection is also very good.The drink dispensers are a family favorite.  They love mixing flavors with their Sprite or Coke.It's a God-awful dirty mess in there with Peanut shells and dirty tables everywhere as they try to keep up.It's your typical 5 Guys.  if you like them, you won't be disappointed in this one.
Nicest gym I ever been to. I don't want to leave. Amazing equipment, atmosphere and a great staff.
Amazing experience! Thank you.See you soon.  Good place, nice machines, a lot of space and not crowded.
Awesome gym with any equipment you need for your weight training. Complimentary body wash and hair gel so you can workout in the morning and get ready for workout without ever having to go back home. Gym,work then home.
Great classes! Excellent equipment and nice amenities. Good location. Staff is friendly and helpful.
The best chicken fried steak in the valley!!! Always friendly staff, prompt service and good food at a fair price.
This place is hell and slower than a turtle. Avoid this place at all cost. Not worth the drive over to this location.
UNLV Students should rejoice.There's a new late night spot to hang out in that isn't the Lied Library. It's equipped with free wi-fi, plenty of power outlets, and an arsenal caffeinated drinks to keep you jolted.3pm Cafe offers a wide variety of teas ranging from fruit and milk teas, along with an assortment of smoothies and non-caffeinated beverages. You can come here hungry too, since they offer apps and entrees. Most of the menu consists of dishes originating from Taiwan, with some popular Japanese fare like chicken katsu bento boxes and katsu curry. After a brief chat with the staff, they seemed to take most pride in their homemade Taiwanese dishes, so it would probably be best to give those a try.Here's what I tried on my first visit:-Minced Pork Over Rice - A simple, yet very comforting Taiwanese dish.-Iced Coffee Milk Tea w/ Boba - I admit that I'm not much of a boba drinker, but I enjoyed this. It was a refreshing beverage that catered to my coffee addiction.-Popcorn Chicken - I was brought out a sample of this dish. It was a bit salty, but in a satisfying way. It was very tender and flavorful. I wouldn't mind getting this over rice.Walking in, you get some top-notch service, with clarification on menu items if you're unsure of what to get. The staff never hesitated to make sure I was happy with my meal. I even had a sweet little old lady come out to check if I liked the food. Apparently, she was the mind that went behind the delicious recipes on the menu.I could definitely see myself regularly dropping by this spot for a quick lunch or for a much-needed study session.Note: There is a 10% discount with student ID, plus rotating daily specials. Ask the staff for the wi-fi password if you need to bust out the laptop.
Love the mahi mahi entree. The combo hummus (red and green) is amazing too. The Ahwatukee location is clean and fast!
Pita jungle is awesome! Great options for healthy eating! Ice tea is on point! Every time I come to Phoenix I stop here at least once! They are kid friendly and have a bar area. The jalapeño hummus is a must try!
Awesome as always. Everything I've tried is amazeballs. I keep bringing friends Lol.The cilantro jalapeño hummus is forever awesome, at every location. The chipotle chicken flat bread pizza is bomb.com, but I usually sub tofu instead of the chicken and it's surprisingly WAYYYYYY better than the chicken!!!!
Super fresh !!  Super fast !!  Having a daughter addicted to subway was a curse in the past, but now we love the location here next to Chandler High School.  Nick, the manager, manages a RUSH of high schoolers quickly, and everyone is friendly.  They always remind you, or others that a free cookie come with add-ons.  Always clean stocked.  My favorite Subway !!Keep doing it right guys :)
Horrible service and the worst Indian food I ever had.. Got the wrong bill . Never again coming to this place ..
Good varieties of Indian food during lunch buffet.they have to serve it fast during dinner time.
Slow service and greasy food! Not happy with the quality. I know it's under new management but I don't see a difference. The quality of food is better at Denny's. The food portions are large. The trifecta is great food, great service & Food portions. Lumberjacks needs to work on two. Maybe I'll come back just to see if I was wrong in my assessment. Right now it's a 3 rating the new manager promises a change and I will give him a chance.
It would've been 5 stars,  but service was a little slow.  I had the Griddle Sampler which I thought was excellent.  I love the atmosphere.  The decor is really nice.  My partner had a classic two eggs breakfast and he enjoyed it.  Like I said,  if I didn't have to wait for a refill on my water it would've been a 5 star experience.  Especially because of the fact that it wasn't busy at all.
You don't get the full experience until you do personal shopping. Even if you want to do your own shopping, go to personal shopping first to get a gauge of the look you want to focus on and to make sure that the pieces that you're choosing can go together.  This maximizes your wardrobe.
Using coupons is a nightmare and takes forever to check out.It was a busy Friday evening so that is expected!  I don't come here often because I'm not that desperate for bargains but I did come to use the $10 off $50 coupon. I like the price comparisons posted that show competitor prices. I got some great deals but since they need overrides for coupons I won't return often.  They do have more lanes open than most stores and if you spend 100s here it may be worth it. Don't come here for a few things its not worth the headache.
Loved the store. Very good prices. Hope to go back soon. Florida needs Winco 's I stead of those other big stores. wink wink Winco.
Nice lounge, big walk-in humidor. Excellent selection and knowledgeable staff. Prices are quite reasonable and they have the best brands at un-inflated prices too!
Came in to get my jeep cleaned and the staff were great. They did an Awesome job on my muddy jeep. They honored my coupon on my phone since I forgot it at home. I will continue to come back here.
Hookah is good but takes a bit for service. It took awhile to get service outside for Hookah.  Once it came service improved as they checked in frequently.
I always get great food and good service. Never disappointed. I usually get the chicken shwerma or kebob.
Awesome!!!!That is all....I love tasting food from other cultures and I have just at started eating Mediterranean cuisine. This place is awesome!!!
Oscar did a wonderful job of helping me out! I look forward to signing up! The gym is very clean and everyone is so nice. Edwin, a trainer was very helpful and offered to show me around.
Best place and cheapest place in town must come down!!!!! Got 4 phones done here couldn't find a better person to do it. Everything is running better then before.
Happy you are now at Downtown Summerlin on Saturdays!  It is a close location to my home and surrounded by restaurants and more shopping options.   Vendors are diverse enough to offer items that differ from other farmers markets.
I really enjoy the food and the excellent service , thank u Felix and chongI always appreciate everything and the fact that u deliver
BEST carne asada tacos in AZ!!! Being Hispanic and growing up w/ good Mexican food, I have yet to find a spot that serves up carne asada better than this! The menu is inexpensive and TOTALLY worth it!
Best food! I want to eat there Thursday-Sunday! Love this place!!!!! The burrito is delicious! Park at Charlie's next store.
Fresh, simple, authentic Mexican and very affordable food. The line sometimes can get long.
Good,cheap,theres always a wait but its well worth it. Perfect late night spot. Simple choices of meats only pollo or carne and in keeping it simple they do tnese very well. Salsa is bomb as welll.
Nice interior. Good service. Pretty good menu. (Potato is so so.) Beer is decent. Not too loud. Overall pretty good.
Interesting to go to a Chain style grill place.Price - 5 star - For lunch, you can fill up your little saucer for 8.99 and then add your choice of starch.  Makes for a nice lunch meal   For 2.00 more, you can have a second bowl or more.Ambiance - 5 star - Clean organized, plenty of seating.  Roomy too.  Food - 2 star - All very nice in presentation,  well cooled.  However, everything was very hard to get to, the plexiglass protection from your face to the food is so short that anyone over 5'10 has to bend over and stretch to get to the food.  Overall, very inconvenient, but large choice of meats, vege and sauces.Cooked - 2 star This is very uninspired.  IT is grilled on the big hot grill like all Mongolian Grills are.  However, the taste just comes out "okay"  It isn't to die for, and is quite like having cafeteria food.  Decent, filling, and not bad.  Just not great.Service - 4 star - everyone is very well trained, cordial, pleasant and it would be a five star, but there is not a lot to "serve" other than drinks, hot sauce and the bill.  Overall, a nice clean and decent place to dine.  Just not really asian food. It is same as going to Panda Express for Chinese, or Taco Bell for "mexican".  Good for American Style, just not really authentic.They have a nice bar, that is a plus for you Thirsty Dogs!
Took us late in the night and gave us great service ! Love the food ! Great place ! Been here many times!
The service is TOP Notch, wine, champagne, bottled water, great customer service in a very prestigious area which I live in & appreciate..SO I THOUGHT until I was DONEMy nails chipped in 2days (Shouldn't happen with a 2 week manicure), I noticed the polish was SUPER thin which means they put polish remover in it to stretch it which ruins the integrity of the polish. They also use scrappers on the foot, WHO DOES this STILL??? The Pomice should be used for skin on the food to avoid skin peeling.It took about 3 hours to get a mani and pedi when I ALWAYS go to Nail Trix in Columbia, MD and get the BEST Gelish Mani and PEDI on EARTH and it takes no more than 1hour and 30minutes and it truly last 2 weeks...
I'm a vegetarian and ordered a vegetarian meal, and there was chicken in it. The first time I asked the server assured me it was paneer. The second time the server claimed it was fine because the "sauce is the same anyway". Then the manager was rude. First and last time I've ever walked out of a restaurant.
Best indian food in pittsburgh..have been eating here for three years....have not been disappointed even once..the flavors are authentic..
avoid waiting in line by being the early bird! Line is ridiculously long, but worth the wait.
Come before 6pm... It gets mad crazy after 6pmI was surprised about this place.  I normally don't go to these cheap AYCE buffets (e.g., Hometown Buffet) but I heard good things about this place.The line wasn't too bad before 6pm but after 6pm the place just got backed up and people were eating like the end of the world was gonna happen, Mayan-style!The steaks here are very good for this level of AYCE.  The chef cooked mine about medium rare and it was a good medium rare.  It was so good, I came back for seconds.The bread... omg... the bread rolls here are made fresh (I think all the bread are) and the honey butter is to die for!  The butter on the fresh bread is amazing.I also tried the fried fish and fried chicken and its made Southern-style and it was pretty good.  It makes Hometown Buffet's like frozen food.Overall, there is a freshness and quality that exceeds Hometown Buffet by light years.  It is as good as any AYCE buffet I've had at some hotel in Vegas.The only problem I had here is that drinks have to be served by your waitress.  The problem with that is its so busy here and the poor waiting staff is just swamped.It looks like they don't staff enough waitresses to get you your drink refills so it does take about 10 mins before they can get you your refills.This place gets overwhelmingly crowded on a weekend dinner so expect to wait awhile to get in if you come at that time.Other than that, my family and I loved it and are going back again tonight to get our grub on!
I always seen this buffet on the tv commercials now I finally got to eat here awesome good food.... Bread pudding is awesome
Terrible pizza.  I can buy a better pizza at HT.  Staff is very unfriendly. I don't see why this has so many stars.  Nasty is the word to describe the unsavory taste. I would rather drive 15 miles to Wolfmans Pizza.
This is the place for steak, if you like beef Wellington well then eat all you can while you are here because there is nothing juicier than the Wellington here. prices are over 45 on average so prepare your budget. the atmosphere is very nice and waitresses are smoking hot, you can't go wrong here.Update 3/20/13Got here again, tried porterhouse 16oz and it was fantastic. Extremely tender, done medium rare as I wanted it, and also got a side of mashed potato puree which complemented the steak perfectly. Our wine enthusiast picked out a bottle of 08 Embruix, Priorat which was fairly nice though a bit spicy for me. Distilled water comes in 9$ bottles, we didn't know that when we arrived so if you don't want to pay for water just ask for ice water (they only ask if you want distilled or sparkling). Hells kitchen tasting menu is also available for a limited time, its 145$ for 5 courses and an autographed photo of Ramsay and 75$ more for wine paring on this.
Absolutely the BEST steak I've EVER had!!! Perfectly prepared. Had a dozen raw oysters on the half shell which were excellent. No fishy smell or aftertaste. The sides tasted unbelievable. I had the asparagus, mashed potatoes & Mac  and cheese. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be eating here again.
Get a reservation early, but the full menu is also served in the lounge.  Rather humorously if you order a lot given the small tables.  By the way, am I alone in thinking beef wellington is an antique food from the '70s that's normally served at places with faux mahogany walls, red pleather booths and plastic tablecloths?  It's like the instagram "1977" filter for food.  Or has this been a thing all along, and I'm just not that cool?  Wait, no don't answer that.
The food was absolutely Devine!! That's all the needs to be said. We had the 24 oz Ribeye with a side of bone marrow and a butter poached lobster tail. Also fingerling potatoes with truffle oil. AMAZING!!
Dat wellington, I don't need to say anything more. I ate that and paired it with a Pinot Noir. Our bill was really expensive but I thought it was worth it. Everyone's steaks were cooked to perfection. I can't wait to eat there again next year!
Best meal I have ever had.  The tasting menu is great but if you have to try one thing get the Beef Wellington.
Delicious food with lots of variety!The location is sort of tucked in the corner off of major street but you can't miss the sign. They truly have excellent fast service and their items are absolutely made fresh.
Outstanding sushi bar. Great sushi and busy.This is a fun place to visit and is great for rookies and pros alike. Seems to always be busy the several times I have gone and I look for that in a sushi place like this (conveyer belt service). Lots of variety and great prices. Staff is friendly and efficient. I can get in and out quick or sit and relax with a friend - no pressure or waiting place on us by the staff. Thanks!
Great section of sushi and friendly service. The plates are fairly priced as well. I will go out of my way to satisfy my sushi craving and return to the Sushi Station. I recommend the Dragon Roll. Did I mention it's a revolving sushi bar and the quality is amazing
Excellent sushi at great prices. The staff is friendly and service is great. My favorite place to eat nigiri.
Slow svc, some sushi rides the train too long. Overpriced for institutional sushi. Not sure some know what good fresh sushi is.
By far thee MOST professional company I have dealt with in the Charlotte area! I look forward to doing all my future business with them as I build my future in this town. They just earned themselves a loyal customer!
Cannot go wrong with this place. This is my favorite sushi place. The service is amazing and the price is just right
Who takes lunch from 3:30 pm to 5:30 pm? This location. Who does that? ANNOYED - why not have at least one employee there? Noooooo, let's just close those whole entire post office because who will come in during these hours anyways? Great mentality
Awesome guys, honest and friendly.  Will use them any time.  My wife who was pregnant accidentally locked her medical insurance card in the car :(Hello Panic!Well, when you are in front of the hospital time is if essence.  When ABC came, they fixed everything!
Some of the best tacos Ive ever had.. and cheap! Definitely a go-to in Mesa. And it's right outside of downtown so its a nice walk from the public parking
Awesome! Awesome !Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!Great memorabilia everywhere you look. Creative course. Fantastic staff.
I have a blast every time I come here!!  Super fun and the staff is super nice!! The wedding chapel is a rad room as well.  Love it
Great place , hands down the best restaurant I've been at for a while , very clean and never had to ask for water once  ( which is my pet peeve ) , a little dark but was not a negative , nice shirt menu . High quality of food , bring your own wine is a big plus , I gave it a 5 star rating because I can't think of anything to say bad . It's a winner in my book :-)
Really nice coffee shop with great coffee, great staff and atmosphere.I had a long black, and one of the oreo marshmallows which was awesome, would definitely recommend stopping in here if you're in the area
Great service and great spinach dip. I come here regularly and they have memorized my order. To all the staff, you rock!!
Try the Kahuna Grande! :D Went to this place again for the second time. I found out they have $2 Pacifico's all the time- thats an awesome deal. If you're part of the service industry crowd you get %30 off your bill, that's pretty cool too. The service is friendly. This time I went late night on a Wed, I found food was served till Midnight and the place closed at 1am. I think thats a pretty good deal considering the place is in Boca park where most restaurants are closed.  They have plenty of seating- outside too! I think the seafood is absolutely delicious, they have their own recipe of green sauce, and I think my only complaint is that the tortillas are pretty crappy (falling apart, soggy etc). They should definitely invest in a better vender for tortillas ;b Oh and the enchiladas were so tasty! I had a green/cheese shrimp enchilada. AMAZING.
The only reason I came here to gamble was to see Gus. I'll never be back. I'm sure they saw a spike in revenue right when he started and I'm sure they're going to see the exact opposite now. Very few times have I seen worse decisions by a gaming establishment.
Love it!! Charbroiled burgers omg so good!!! I felt like I was in a momma papa place like the ones they have in Cali.. Can't wait to go back!!!
Just like LA!!! Bomb.com don't hesitate just go!!!Got a double bacon cheeseburger its was on fire!
May as well find the stairs.  This place is a pit. Got drinks at the bar after waiting 45 minutes for the elevator to find BUGS in my drink. The bartender was "trying" to do the flair style bartending, but he failed miserably. They say this has been remodeled, perhaps the casino - which is very tight, but the rooms probably only got new curtains. You can hear everything on Fremont street til 4 am. When we checked in, under reservations made through the hotel - not a 3rd party! - we were told they had given all king beds away and couldn't give us any comp or drink coupon or anything by downgrading us to a queen. This won't be a reoccurring stop on our MANY vegas trips.
Casino  security are completely rude!! This place needs to clarify about the rules and regulations.
I suggest eating at the steakhouse such goos food.Their 2 bedroom  suites are awesome for a bachelor party .
D Hotel..... Slowest elevators in Vegas?Update. Apparently not slow, just NOT working at all. Parking garage elevators not working. After a street of people came up the stairs stating that the elevators were not working I had to shlep all of my luggage down 9 flights of narrow stairs packed with people trying to get their floor because both garage elevators weren't working. Day two, elevators in the hotel aren't working. After standing around in a growing crowd of people for nearly 20 minutes, decided to walk down 15 flights of stairs. stairs by the way dump you off outside, not on the first floor in the casino as logic might dictate.  Also, not only the elevators that aren't working. Day two and the TV and Internet haven't worked either day. Some of my new friends made waiting for the elevator said TV and Internet has been out for a few days prior even. I am in Vegas every 2nd or 3rd week for work. I used to like staying her but this is something I am seeing happen more and more at the D. I think I will be stating somewhere else from now on.
D Hotel..... Slowest elevators in Vegas?Apparently not slow. NOT working. Yesterday BOTH elevators in the garage not working. Had to shlep all of my luggage 9 flights down narrow stairway against stream of people coming up and amidst a pilgrimage of people coming down.Day two, after waiting nearly 20 minutes on the 15th floor among a growing g crowd of people, we finally figured the elevators were NOT working and I took the stairs down. Stairs take you to the ground level as in outside. you have to walk around to get back into the hotel casino.Not just the elevators that aren't working. The Internet and television haven't worked both days and according to the new friends I made waiting for the elevator, they haven't for the past few days.I have to be in Vegas every 2nd to 3rd week for work. Always stay at the D and used to like it but this seems to be a recurring theme more and more lately. I believe next time I will start looking for somewhere else to stay.
Most bitchiest casino hosts I have ever ever experienced... At 3am!!Unreal rude beyond rude. The party pit deals have -0 personality. One might think maybe, just maybe one little smile or at least some kind of enthusiasm would be welcome? The way the dealer at our table talked to us was beyond rude. My friend had a stack of $300 broken down in two stacks, she wanted to bet on a number and one of the stacks fell and some chips rolled. She tried to stack them back up but the dealer was SO NASTY in a TONE that made me go WTF! She said: DON'T YOU DO THIS AGAIN YOUR STACK FELL, WATCH IT!We looked at her like WTF excuse me? My friend said yes it fell, it was an accident.There were maybe 5 people gambling at this time in the party pit. Then we had our drink on the corner (in our hands) the dealer again, in a horrible rude tone told us to put our drinks somewhere else. Then my husband came and handed me a bit to eat (nothing big, i had it in my hand) but I was sitting down: again the horrible rude tone again Ok i understand there are rules, however it is HOW YOU SAY IT! My friend stopped betting (min $100 bets mind you) The Pit poss smiled at me and I told her how rude that girl was. The girl even said: yea they are complaining about me...  I was just speechless.With this incident, i will NEVER stay at this hotel or gamble. I took my out of town friend here to show her how nicely they have remodeled it. My friend gambles A  LOT. She even got upgraded to a Junior suite at the NG... She drops a lot of cash on one table. The rude party dealer lost the hotel at least $600 in 30 minutes because she left.The sad part was, that I was the sober one watching over my friends cash... So we were not drunk and acting a like a fool.
Love the clothes!! My fave place to shop. Affordable and trendy.. almost like forever 21 but with cheaper prices....
I don't get my nails done often but when I do, it's at Teres and they look fabulous.I highly recommend this place!
Reasonably priced and the Paninis are great. Recommended lunch spot! Recommend their buffalo chicken and chicken bacon ranch.
Pleasantly surprised with this place! The Buffalo chicken panini is amazing!! And a must try!
Easily my favorite place. Coffee is delicious and the owners rule. I moved to Downtown Phoenix in early November and I am already a regular here. The coffee is always good and I LOVE supporting a local business here in the city. With my hectic lifestyle I even forgot to grab my small wallet before leaving the house once and after ordering and going to pay I was highly embarrassed. I offered to run home and come back but they insisted I just pay for the coffee on my next visit. How amazing is that? I went in the next morning and took care of them. They offer wifi and there are plenty of places to sit where outlets are readily available. Big open windows for lots of natural light, good for sitting by yourself or having a meeting with friends or coworkers, and they have a ton of books and board games there for your entertainment. This place just makes my heart so happy.
Great customer service! Lynn was awesome!She was able to help me out pick a set of nice work glasses. Additionally, she recommended the anti glare which looks to help with computer glare!
What a gem of a soba noodle shop!  I couldn't believe that this place wasn't packed on a Saturday night.   Excellent soba shop.  The tempura was light and crispy and left no greasy aftertaste. Definitely a gem and excellent value.
Downtown Locksmith is AWESOME! This company is very knowledgable, has high integrity and are true professionals.
Love this place. Clean and modern. The staff (especially Karen) are fantastic! I would recommend this place 1000 times!!!
Well if you want a run around  company we just found one. They tell you one day then it turns to be another day. All I can say is good luck.
Love pupusas great is soo close to my place. We r going all the time, place an order by phone is saving u a lot of time waiting. .
Organic lager here... It is called 'baba', that I have only seen here and and TJs.They also have my favorite, Cayman Jack margaritas. Staff is always friendly, with decent prices and a large selection.... I would be a ripe old age if I tried something new from that store every day. ;)
Awesome!!! Staff is super helpful and friendly! Clean and everything is easy to find and if you can't find it , they will find it for you.  The only negative....the parking lot is horrible around 3pm.  It took me 20 minutes to get out of the parking spot, very frustrating, especailly with cold beer in the car.
Best glazed donuts ever!!! I go there all the time. Great prices. The owner is always very friendly.  Go early because the donuts are gone fast.
I m g how can they make them so softBy far the best donuts I have ever hadBe warned they are addictive
Great donuts! This is a simple place but the donuts are delicious! They open early and the staff/owners are friendly. Sometimes they run short on the weekends but not often and it's still a 5 star place. Little hole in the wall type atmosphere but sometimes that's the best!
Best donuts I've had in az so far. It's unfortunate you have to drive through land of the cow shit to get it, but worth it. Yeah houses are cheap out here and now you know why.
Tasty food and reasonable! Their Thai iced tea was delish too! I ordered the Orange Chicken and the meal came with egg soup, fried rice, noodles, and a soft drink. All this for $5.55 plus tax! It was totally worth it and we'll be back again soon!
Tasty food and reasonable! My lunch came with a soft drink.
Very nice restaurant. Friendly staff and the food is delicious. I love the chicken wing, it taste so specials, YUMMY! I think I will try their food next time
Great service I will also be ordering again today yummy I love the food can't wait to receive my order for today
Good Guy--Quality Service--Fast Repair--Will recommend--Wish I found him soon--90. Day warranty --Very knowlegable
One of the more intense boxes. A little intimidating for those coming off the couch.Every gym is different, and if you are looking for the SealFit experience, this is the gym for you. Otherwise I would start somewhere else.
The best service ever... Highly recommend to use Silver Eagle Locksmith.  You must deal Kolby he will take you out of a bind
Brian Susan and their crew doing awesome job wish I would've found them sooner . They show up every week never miss a day and always communicate when I need something
Jeff put dual's on my 2015 Silverado really nice work. Sounds great and looks really good and very knowledgeable when asked questions.
Terrible service my car wasn't even clean didn't vacuum in the backseats !Not happy would not recommend it at all!!!!!!!!!
I love the picture menu...everything looks delicious and tastes even better! On father's day we were Going to a different restaurant and they had a 2 hour wait so we thought we would try it and we loved it... the dynamite is a must have!
No bar in the hotel but you can walk across the parking lot to the Marriott Courtyard and they have a bar that opens at 5:00 p.m.  They also have a laundry room available for guests to use, I thought that was great considering we were stuck In town another day with a suitcase full of dirty clothes.  Pretty good FREE continental breakfast includes; Fresh waffles, eggs, assorted cereal, bagels, coffee, sausage etc.
Omg I thought I could handle spicy. Dayum even #3 level kicked my @$$. I swear that I usually handle hear very well but definitely get 2 if you're not sure. It's not spicy at all but at least you can breathe!I believe we had the owner of the place serving us, we went around 7PM at night and we were the only ones there at first, so service was amazing, the owner was really nice and down to earth, probably better if you speak Chinese to be honest though but nonetheless, speaks well enough to get by for English. I got the tendon radish hotpot and extra stuff in it and the #3 level, it was soooo spicy! The owner was so nice and gave me more regular broth to try to tone it down.  Luckily my boyfriend had #2 and he LOVED the broth *and he's white!* so i just used his a lot haha.  I can't wait to come back! :)
The service is too slow and the hotpot is regular. Maybe other dish will be better. A little disappointed.
Very delicious beef noodle soup! A must-try! It's a very cozy restaurant. The staff are super friendly.
Terrible my dog came home with lice!!  I would not take my dog there again!! I should have known it wasn't clean when I drove up the receptionist was outside smoking....
This is my happy place!!   Love the staff, love the service, love the results!Update. Back again. Thanks to Jessica I feel pretty, oh so pretty!!   This time I walked Ina me let her know that I had very little time to spare.  That didn't mean she skimped on the wailing of service though!!  So happy with my blood red nails and toes and Jessica's remarkable service!!
Discovered Afghan food here; wonderful aromatic spiced dishes and warm service. Everything I had was delicious from the mantoo dumplings to the eggplant, beef kebabs and rice. BYOW is a definite +++
When I first entered the salon, i love the atmosphere and the decor. It looked so clean and so contemporary. I had my haircut and I had my hair styled by Keri. She was such a sweet person and she did a really good job on my hair. I told her how i wanted it done and she fulfilled it.  There was another young lady named Andie and she was very helpful too and friendly. I feel that I got a five star service.
Excellent blowout.  I highly recommend and the hours are fab.  Prices are very reasonable.  Clean and nice salon.  They use great high quality products.
Loved the salon and friendly staff!! Thanks for the great blowout Keisha!I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great blowout!!
This was the worst customer service I've EVER experienced!!! The ladies at the gate were VERY rude and not helpful at all when I had to check my bag. Then we boarded and sat on the plane for an hour waiting for take off with no offers for beverages, etc.
Incredible. Boarded quickly, arrived early. Kind and friendly staff. Would have been better if they had chocolate chip cookies instead of whatever cookies they did have, but that's just a personal preference lol.
No frills flying. Pay for what you need like checked bags, in flight snacks, etc. If you don't want or need those things & just want to get from here to there, this is the best option. If you need the fluff and extras other airlines offer, book with them. Don't cry on here because Allegiant doesn't offer those amenities, unless you pay. :)
Pot roast fries are to die for. Great vibe and decor. Lots of beers on tap. Prices are a bit on the expensive side. However, portions seem to be big. It's a great place to hang out after work or to just grab a drink with friends.
Untrained!!!! Ive got abrasions & a swollen  eye 2 days later. Im not looking  forward to healing this disaster & growing  back my now too thin eyebrows.
Love love love the staff !! Very comfortable atmosphere, they are quick, clean and efficient. My new eyebrow spot! Very happy.
Great food, great atmosphere, just hands down amazing moist brisket. When you come in you can automatically tell it's an extremely lively place with the enormous amount of people flooding the restaurant. With a picnic style seating area you don't have to worry about dressing up only to get some nice clothes slopped with delicious BBQ sause.
Delicious and nutritious.  Not a place for PETA supporters. The food is really good I really like the voice brisket. I like the fact that you can make the sandwich exactly how you like it. The sauce is the best sauce ever made in the entire world ever made ever ever ever.
So yummy. I love CJ's. Baylee is a rock star. The employees here are always awesome. In my opinion they have the best custard.
Excellent by owner I would recommend highly & treatment is well deserved! I would recommend on a weak day weekends are slamming!
Great food, courteous, friendly staff. Highly recommended! Eat here today! Clean restaurant, quick delivery of my order. They have good manners .
Food was good the dust busters and vacuum  in the dining area  gross! I would think this would not be the norm cause if it is its discussing!
Quick service,  friendly staff, easy access, extended hours - LOVE THIS PLACE! I really appreciate how the staff is helpful & kind.
Dhil is the best barber in town. This is one of the best shops in town. Great with young kids, to adults. Reasonable prices, and great location. You can grab a bite to eat after your haircut.
Great artisan pizza. Our favorite in U-C. Our standard is the Mediterranean with goat cheese instead of feta.
I'm going to get picky here. I hope they don't hate me.I had friends in town for the weekend.  We were trying to figure out a place to have dinner, and we decided on this place.  It's a small place but with friendly service.  Like I said, I got a little picky and they were great about it.  I eat low carb during the week and they were able to make me some chicken without the sauce.  Of course my friends hassled me a bit, but what are friends for.I give this place 4 stars and will probably be back to have a real meal.
Awesome !  Easy,  clean.   Wish open later. Very good wheel cleaning.  Great drying system !
Hands down , the worst tattoo shop in Arizona! As you can tell 4 reviews in the past 3 years. Its definitely about quantity ($) not quality here at this hole!
Best Steamies and fries in the city.  If your in the east end, no reason not to drop in.
Pas de place pour s assoir. Comptoir old fashioned genre orange julep. Toilettes à l'extérieur  lieux propres. Personnel motive et gentils. Bonne bouffe. Pas de hamburger.
Best Pizza in HendersonTry the Meatball Sliders
Whoever's idea it was to make meatball sliders out of garlic knots is a genius! Good pizza, garlic knots and service at very reasonable prices.
Food is awesome and love this place! We have eaten hear a couple times a week and always satisfied with the food and service we receive great job guys and girls keep up the good work!
Not a fancy place but the food is insane!!! Garlic knots, Ghost Fries, lasagna and pizza.  You will NOT be disappointed.  Service was friendly and excellent.
Decent pizza. Nothing to rave about. Staff wasn't very friendly and I felt rushed. Ate inside and the staff that were making pizzas were loud and singing and talking about random guy stuff. Was hard to have a conversation with my wife while hearing the staff sing obnoxious songs.
Great food... Great prices... Ill definitely be eating here more often. Garlic knots are amazing.... The sliders are delicious and they have fast delivery! It is hard to find good places that deliver to the bar I bartend at... Gold Mine Tavern so I am happy to reccomend Bistro to my guests for food.
out of business! phone number disconnected and no where in the shopping center!!! drove around for 20 minutes. not here. it probably shouldnt be open on here
Must have!!! Don't forget to add honey to the crust. You won't be disappointed. If you like meat, try the T-Rex. It's mouthwatering
4x a week I'm here - I love it! Great service too!! And no extra charge for guacamole :) my kids love it!
Holy crap delivery was 1.45 hours!!!! Food was OK not worth nearly 2 hours!! Orange chicken was dark meat so didn't eat it lemon chicken was chicken breast breaded and cup of lemon sauce OK but didn't eat that either
LOVE this place. Great food, fast delivery! What more can you ask for? I recommend the lo mien and beef and broccoli.
Michelle is amazing, always on time, knowledgable , l am happy with results. I did full body.
Ick... that's all I can say.Food came out cold on all four dishes we ordered and took forever to get to us.  This was our first visit to this location and based on this alone we would never come back and waste our money.The Manager did apologize several times and took care of the cold entrees. Based on his reactions and that he even cared means that we will try this place again to see if this was a fluke.So far not impressed....  we will see......
Awesome!!! if a big slice of greasy yummy pizza is what your looking for here it is. The staff is nice and the service is quick. If I lived around here it would be dangerous.
Best Sicilian  pizza I've ever tasted !!! I highly recommend this place . I have literally eaten here for a solid week . It's addicting and so delicious !!!
Friendly family atmosphere in the heart of little Italy.  Aromatic coffee tastes as good as it smells.
Very slowwwww service! I ended uip leaving because the barista was so slow. I was the only person in line and waited 10 minutes before leaving because they wouldn't take my order.
Great place for your doggie spa day! They get to play with other dogs while waiting!Bruno always gets the perfect haircut.
LOVE this plaCe  great atnosphere,fun,great drinks.will def visit again soon. Cute grls.friendly staff.large space.  Worth it. Colorful. Will recommend it to friends. Safe .dress code is good.Uniforms are classy.fun.
Staff is always pleasant and coffee is always yummy.  I love to support local and this is right by the house.
Yummmmmm. Everything is wonderful. My favorite are the wraps especially the Cesar and the raspberry  mocha iced latte with coconut milk. .to die for
Love love love!!!! Great coffee, great service!!!!! I drive out of my way just to drink their coffee! Worth it every time!!!
This place has amazing crepes! I have been there couple of times already and will definitely come again.
Excellent crepes and selection.  We had the maple breakfast crepe and a banana Nutella.   Tres bon!
It's just Ice Cream... 4 bucks for a 12 oz blizzard is crazy.. For that money I should have gone to a creamery and had something higher quality...
First time: 30 minutes to make three skewers... Is it REALLY thai tea??Second time: Ordered a half tray of pancit, they gave me 2 forks..3rd time: ...what third time....?BTW shorten your ****ing phone message for your "future" customers
I can't believe we didn't know this was here! We passed it every time we go to the base!  We walked in there, they have the indoor track, lots of treadmills, stair steppers, this mountain climber thing!  They have an area for family's....What, with a play area for the kids!  Are you kidding me right now!  This place is amazing!  I wish I didn't live so far, I would drop my LVAC membership!
Excellent pizza, service and reasonably priced. We will be back again to this hidden gem. We found it quite by accident and I am glad we did. Just the smell of the wood fired oven was worth the trip. Watch out for the serrano peppers growing outside, they have a bite!
Quickly becoming a favorite spot. Nice patio, great pizza! My favorite is the Gisella - pepperoni and jalapeño.
Interesting and unique take on the gourmet burger craze. Incredibly well executed and insanely delicious. Ive had the Spicy Miso burger and the Kiki's burger. I the Spicy Miso is hands down the best burger Ive had in Las Vegas since I started coming here for work every other week since April '13. Ive had at least one burger on each trip at a new place and Ive come back to only 2 places so far and this is one of them (The other is Hubert Keller's Burger Bar for his namesake burger, also incredible). If you can get yourself off the strip, the burger is worth it. The only reason I give it 4 stars is the service leaves something to be desired. Very rushed and both times way understaffed. Not unfriendly, but just not at the level it should be for a sit down burger joint of this caliber.
delicious juicy burgers! Great service! Every bite was amazing from the burgers to the oxtail fries. The duck buns were okay, id recommend the pork buns.
Seriously the best burger I've ever eaten. I got the miagi burger. Nummm!!! My husband loves it and it's where I take all my guests from out of town.
Every time I go I try a new burger and there ALL amazing. At the bar or at a booth the staff is friendly.
Kitchen items/appetizers now limited to 3 orders per person. It used to be unlimited, along with all the thinly sliced beef, pork, and sliced chicken, seafood (including crab legs and shrimp), veggies that you can DIY cook in the hot pot at your table.  But for what you are getting and what they are charging, it is still a good value proposition. Come on, for $20 a person without the hassle of getting all the ingredients yourself and the cleaning up afterwards, totally worth it! I first came to Shabu Grill all the way to this section of LV because of an UYE hosted by Debbie N.  The event was a resounding success, and we pretty much got to try as much of their menu as we were able to stuff down our faces.So when a guys night out event was recently organized at this very same location, it was a no brainer for me.  The food is still very good, the service was just as attentive, and the experience just as positive.  The restaurant even accommodated us with extra portable hot pot setups, so 2 instead of 4 or 5 people shared each hot pot.  It just worked out better for us.The main reason I like this place is the fact that everything for the shabu shabu portion of the dining experience is DIY, including getting the ingredients from the refrigerated cooler nearby.  I love the fact that I can get as little or as much of something, instead of being forced to finished big plates of one item before I can order more or something else.  The DIY sauce and condiments bar is pretty cool.  Not as extensive as comparable restaurants in SoCal, but you get to customize your dipping sauces as wonderfully or not so fantastically as your creativity and inner toque wearing chef would allow.  But it is pretty hard to score a TOTAL FAIL in this minor endeavor, so relax and just have a go at it.  The important thing is to have fun and enjoy this interactive meal solo, but preferably with a small group of friends.I would totally go back, especially when the weather is still very nippy in the evening.Note:  There is a "bar" in the front when you walk in, but they do NOT serve alcohol at this establishment.  But if you have room for some beer or other adult beverages, there is a PT in the same strip mall.Review #2 of 2014
Disorganized and without the ability to help with even the easiest request. I liked the food once we figured out what was happening there and how to eat. You can enjoy the food, just don't count on the staff to give you much more than a blank stare.
Such a great experience!!! Great food selection and amazing hospitality! My belly is happy!!!
It very good food yummy the food it very fresh dessert it very good they are good high quality food the server it good the hot pot part it good for winter if you looking for a hot soup go to this place for party and family night or lunch or diner will visit again
Breakfast for the active.... Yummmm. Very quaint and even a drive thru if you are in a hurry but definitely not fast food type quality.
I had the California Club breakfast sandwich!  It was amazing!  Although it was small venue the food was great. Just wished they had more seating and glad I rode my bike there - limited parking.
Perfect place for a college budget that at the same time offers good food. There food is all natural and is reasonable prices. There lemonade is perfect addition to add to your meal.
15 min for a sub with 3 ppl in front of me?! Nope! Understaffed! My spouse went to chipotle but the line was too long so i went to which which since there were almost no one inside. He finished his plate and i still had to wait another 10 min. Staff was nice but the wait was crazy
Good sandwiches but price point too high.  Good homemade chips.  Slow on delivery and meat is mediocre
This is probably one of the greatest places on Earth. Great for relaxing and hanging with friends. Also great for kids, especially the sand pile.
The shredded beef tacos and chips and salsa are Devine!!!!!!  The people are friendly and will make anything to order
Good but not great for the price. The food tasted good , however the traditional is cold. I'd prefer the hot butter one. However , the amount of food versus 20 dollars means I  probably won't be back.
Excellent Food and Service. Place looks Fabulous. Highly recommended it to everyone. Fantastic menu to choose from. Did I mention the Egg Nog Shake...oh my it's the BEST
Tred tres bon! Service rapide et agreable :) je reviendrai 100% pas d'accord avec les commentaires negatifs.
Time for a Rib Eye steak!!!!!! Although good, I would opt to spend this kind of $$$ at Charlie Palmers
Worst service ever.  Avoid this place. I came here because I had a 50 dollar food credit but would not had stayed after the first 15 minutes had I not had the 50 credit.  Rude staff, even more rude manager.  Obvious they don't care because of all the business they get.  What a disappointment.
We laughed our asses off!!!! Shane and the others were off the hook!!!!But Management, it got really hot in there Holy Shit!!!!
Mashed potatoes gravely COLDNo seasoning Cloeslaw okay Won't be BACKWhat else is there to say
Lame, no breakfast Sammie's. This joint is in the airport and I was happy to see it when I got off my plane because some breakfast sounded really good. No can do! Denied! This joint doesn't do breakfast sammiches. Wah. The cashier was super nice though, and wished us a very nice day, how chipper :)
Great cut and I'll be back there from now on. The girl was professional knew how to keep it modern and style was spot on. Price is up to you for cut or the VIP treatment. I just want the haircut. It can get busy because they don't take appointments but thats the name of this game with sports clips. Anybody can walkin
Oh wow! This place is the bomb! Try their "pain doré"! Amazing!!! It's a small place, so if you really wanna go, reserve in advance! I was lucky enough to find some spots available.
They have a kid's menu but I would not consider the place family friendly.  I did love the tortilla soup and the outdoor seating.  If you time your dinner plans out right you can sit outside and watch the TI pirate show.
Fun atmosphere and great view of the strip. I'm coming back with friends next time in vegas!  This place is always a party.  I was there on a Tuesday night while in town for work and it gave me a good chuckle.  There was Karaoke and free drinks! Lol. It also over looks the strip and has a nice outdoor patio. The service was great and the food was to be expected.
Food had no flavor and was pricy. Should have just gone to chipotle.Rice was so bland only had one bite. The beef in the chimichanga was horrible quality meat, I get a lot better quality meat from street tacos.
Great food, great service, great ambiance, the makings for a GREAT night out... Prefer anything with fundido sauce on it... It goes great with the refreshing margaritas that are all two dollars off for happy hour... Love you LA Fonda...
Meh. Watery margaritas and egg role esque mini chimis. Good happy hour prices. Welcome/service is barely acceptable. Awkward entry way. It looks like it could have a great patio, but it was closed.
Drinks are a little spendy but this is a really nice bowling alley/bar/venue. The table service is not terribly expensive and all of the servers are on point.
Horrible. Gross food. Worse service. Disgusting drinks. This was my second time here. The first time we came, we got dinner. It was awful. This time, I got sucked in by a buy one get one coupon. How bad could just drinks possibly be, I thought? This was by far the worst margarita I have ever had. And I'm Mexican. The bartender acted like he was doing me a favor, dispensing the putrid concoction from the decrepit Taylor machine... Never again.
Crappy food, and terrible service, I've had better at fast food chains, would not recommend this place to my enemy's, it's just awful, rude staff, unpleasant atmosphere, waste of time and money... Hard to think a place like this can survive in Vegas...
Tasteless microwaved-like Mexican food. Just awful. We ordered tacos and they didn't even taste like real food. Not recommended unless you are really starving.
Great prices and is always adequately staffed.  Highly recommend going here even your grocery shopping.  It will definitely save you some money.  Big parking lot do plenty of space.
The fly-tie cocktail is quite tasty!SHINY! I thought this place was gonna be a fancible place to eat some foodstuffs, and I wasn't wrong. Capt'n Mal though, would have felt out of place.  It was not a place for Brown coats to unite. No, this establishment is a tapas bar and noshery. A place where the local color hangs out and the wait staff was attentive, but not overly so.  We did have to wait a mite over 7 minutes once seated for our busboy (not waiter) to come out and deliver water to us, and tell us our waiter was coming to take our order soon. You won't find any "tonic" here, but some very finely made cocktails, I had the Fly-tie and was quite happy with the libation, their dirty bloody mary met with approval too.  I enjoyed their vegi & pork empanadas, and while this is tapas, I did expect more than 2 on each plate, however they were quite delightful. However the best was yet to come:  The desert - Banana Nutella sandwiches were absolutely delicious  -- ORDER THESE.Now for the reason this was not a 4 star review:The place was dirty.  We were sat along the back wall, in one of the banquet seats with tables and chairs opposing.  There was foodstuff on the ground all around the table, in the seat next to mine. It was unappealing.  I get that Brunch on Sunday might be busy, but at 1:30 pm, your busser should have taken care of it. If not, don't sit a party amid this, when there's food that is languishing, being crushed into the concrete. It's kind of .. repulsive.   This was brought up to the manager -after the bill was paid. I was not looking for compensation.
Wait for ever at drive thru and lousy customer service, when you are sick you don't care for rude staff even more
Bring a crowd with you,  This Place is great fun!Went here for my birthday 2013. I'll gladly go here again for the next big occasion.Our chef was ***** great, and funny too. He made the whole group laugh and he was good at tossing and chopping the food. The food was *** nothing specatular but good. The whole experience was A+ if you want a memorable time for your bday or anniversary or whatever occasion it may be. I didn't go to the sushi side, but that may be a place to go sometime for happy hour...
Very good.  Consistent.    Good sushi.   Nice presentation.Second dinner this trip.   Totally dufferent.  Terrible host staff.    Manager was even worse.   They do not care about taking care of the customer.   We Would have consistently came in the future.   Now we will need to find a new Japaneese restaurant option If you like to be treated appropriately Dont stop here
Great food,  fun and entertainment! We enjoyed all the great food,  the ambiance and the servers were very nice.
Great food and ambiance. Great service.Shrimp Tepan was awesome and our chef was very friendly. Clean place.
My wife and I eat here regularly. Prices are good, and the sushi is delicious. They have recently added more items to their happy hour specials.
Great pizza, good prices topped off with affordable prices. Did not have a Hawaian pizza on the menu. Offered to make it for us.
Excellent service, superb work. Highly recommended! I worked with Roger, who was professional and answered all my questions.
Taqueria Guadalajara it is not :(.But honestly, what would compare? Mexico City? I had 4 taquitos but couldn't polish them off... super oily and the meat had little flavor. Just found myself going through the motions (chewing) and finally gave up. Chips are good, salsa reminds me of some weird sort of mix of tomato sauce from a can with onions and garlic, and I'll give them points for the guac, that was fresh and had nice flavor. And the staff, the staff is incredible, which is why it's hard to write this and steer folks other places in town, but after subsequent trips, I think I'd be cuco to give them another try when Madison is home to Mex that's a bit better.
Great pizza and not overpriced. Super yummy! We love pizza and this is one of our favorite go to pizza places. Ingredients are super fresh and they don't skimp at all. Love it!
Ask for Melissa! She's awesome!! She actually enjoys her job and loves doing eyebrows. She will always put on the brow powder for you and won't let you leave unless you look flawless! She use to work at Desert Ridge location so she knows what she is doing.
Love!!!!! Super sweet. Always progressional. Very clean. I get a Brazilian and under arms... There hard wax is so worth it!
This location is vacant. Had difficulty in  calling a cab from this location and ended up walking back. Unfortunate experience.
Happy Hour is a must.  Get here before 7pm. Entrance is in the back.   The items ( non happy hour ) are a little pricey. But that being said, everything we had was AMAZING.Now it's very dark in the bar area, and I thought the menu was a little hard to decipher for a first timer.   Once the waiter explained what the different sections of the menu were I was with the program.  So everything on one side of the menu is small items. Like small bites or app. fare. The other side (right side ) are entree sized items.We had Yellowtail from the Crudo or raw small left side and Butternut squash and pork dumpling from the entree side.  The Yellowtail was fab. and as good as any sashimi I have had. There are spices on it so I guess not technically sashimi, but the fish was of that grade.  The dumpling was not what I expected, not crescent shaped pieces of dough with filling. More like a big "meatball" with dough around it. Regardless, it was delicious ! We were practically fighting over the last bits.  Def a must return and eat more of the menu place.  Would love to bring more friends here so we could try more items !
Cocktail's are awesome. Squid ink risotto was really good. Off drinks alone Crudo is one of the best in phoenix.
HORRIBLEI'd recommend yellow cab over these; discount is always late.A lot of the time the drivers will show up late and not even at the right place, causing you to have to walk over to where they are -- sometimes over a block away.And their driving is not much better either; how do these drivers not know their way around phoenix!? -- such an easy and lovely city to navigate.
Pistachio nut and cookies and cream.  I love Thrifty Ice Cream, but it's something weird about it.  It doesn't melt!
Best ice cream, hands down! So many great flavors!!! Love their cones as well. The black cherry flavor was amazing.
Great pizza - goat cheese and prosciutto, salame and classic margarita pizza. Ambiance was fun and festive, but not too loud. We took 5 kids and felt totally comfortable. Great service...
All these years of ordering poutine. Tried MY FIRST REAL POUTINE here! Wow! Onions, peppers, smoked meat, cheese - lots of cheese. Yum! They have a build your own poutine menu where you get several choices of sauce, meat, cheese, and vegetables. You can get everything from a Pogo corndog to fried onions on your poutine.The service was excellent - the owner really friendly despite my lack of french; he was quite patient and understanding.
Food was great, service was good. Would go again.I got the poutine with crushed fries, tomatoes, onions and eggplant on the side. I was told to get the regular size because the large too big.
Amazing place. Great food, great service. The gravy here is sublime! You will not regret coming here!
I like to make my own poutins, I feel like a real cook. Owner was very nice, he explained everything and even let us tried different sauces.
First time - excited!  Will it live up to the hype?  What if I don't like something they serve me?  Will I even KNOW what I'm eating??  These are the questions that ran through my mind, and I have to admit I was a bit nervous.As I pondered the menu, I decided the omakase was an amazing opportunity to try lots of new flavors so I just went for it!  We ordered a bottle of Moscato with our meal, and I was pleased with my husband's choice.  We were started off with an aperitif of mango sake made by the chef - it was a perfect little start!  With tiny bits of ice, it was really cold and sweet.  Highly enjoyable!Our first tasty tidbit was a little salad of sea bass and seaweed.  The sea bass was tender and paired nicely with the seaweed.  I normally don't care for seaweed, but I actually enjoyed the texture of this.Next up:  sashimi.  There was tuna was from Spain, Tasmanian trout, porgy, and a fourth one I can't remember.  I have no idea what porgy is, but it was so incredibly light and fresh.  All of the fish was fresh with delicate flavors.  Loved it!Next up, grilled fish served with house-made soy.  The soy was as delicate as the fish with a wonderful lightly smokiness.Nigiri course was next, and I was surprised that the rice was served warm.  When I asked the chef why it was served warm, he said it was "...from his heart."  Awww....We enjoyed kitsu (sand boter), ma-aji (jack mackerel), o-toro (premium fatty tuna), and anago (sea eel).  The quality of the fish and the expert preparation made this the best sushi I've ever had.  Ever.  For the first time, I ate my sushi without adding any wasabi or soy.  It didn't need it.  Simply enjoy the delicate flavors and texture.Included in the omakase was soup - my husband & step-daughter enjoyed the fish and I went for the mushroom miso as well as gyoku (sweet omelet).  The gyoku is as delicate as the fish with a hint of sweetness.We ordered a few more pieces of sushi and then finished with dessert course.  The almond tofu is a-ma-zing!  My step-daughter enjoyed three different types of mochi:  green tea, vanilla and a fruity flavor (she said it tasted like a pineapple life saver).Looking forward to our next visit!
Life is good and when your this wasted everything tastes good.  I thought for the price the cuts could've been bigger, but the quality was great.
Great recommendation from my cousin! I really recommend! The atmosphere is unique. You get a waitress for eveey 2 tables and the quality of the food is worth the price. This is a must go restaurant in Las Vegas if you are a fan of japanese cuisine.
Wow. Fast is an understatement.  Two cashiers, two terminals, handling two customers at once - one on each side.  This is their business model - awesome!Step up to a terminal by the donuts and order a fresh hot pretzel - done in two mintuesI have seen elaborate coffee stations but I was in love when I saw their elaborate TEA station.  SWEET!  My favorite.  Hot tea, iced tea, flavored tea, brewed tea, boxed jarred and sunned tea.  I think I will quit my professional job and work at a QT if they ever come to Michigan.  :)
Wouldn't go anywhere else! Zander has done most of my tattoos and is an excellent artist.
One of thee Best tasting comfort foods I've had. Fresh tasting and great services! I had the corn beef hash while my boyfriend tried this huge breakfast. It's definitely a lot more bang for your buck! Great prices, great food and can't wait to go back for more!
Good and unexpensive. Friendly staff. Sushis are tasty general tao is quite good. Definitely one of the best Chinese food in verdun.
Liza did my nails and I absolutely loved them she is awsome!!!! I told her I liked my nails narrow and she is the first that does a "very natural look" plus her attitude is really cool.. It's my first time here but I definitely will be back everyone there seems they care!
One scoop of gelato is $3.51Happiness.
Long lines always. And your noir card doesnt work here! Breakfast sandwhich for scott. coffee and my favorite here buttery flaky Crossiants! Everything is soooo visually overwhelming!! You want to order all of it!! And everything is delicious!! I love the roast beef sandwhich, the curry chicken sandwhich. The desserts are all very delicious but rich. They have fresh squeezed juice and the coffee is pure heaven.The crepes are also delicious. My boys love the dessert crepes. my mom loves the veggie crepe.My favorite is the flaky crossiant and a cup of coffee. I visit here every time I am in Vegas and I take home 6 bags of whole bean coffee.
This place is DELICIOUS.  Here are the thing I tried during my stay at the Bellagio...Chai Tea Latte:I came here for a simple chai tea, and ended up becoming a loyal customer here during my stay.  This Chai was DELICIOUS.  Perfectly sweet, and the best Chai Tea I've ever had*!*Disclaimer: I am not an avid Chai Tea Latte drinker.  So take this Chai Tea Latte review with a grain of salt ;) Red Velvet Cupcake:WOW...can you say EPIC?!  This cupcake was perfectly moist, and just plain DELICIOUS.  Just simply PERFECT and it makes my mouth water just thinking about it!!  Okay...I have to talk about something else now because my mouth won't stop salivating!!!!!Smoked Salmon Sandwich:High quality smoked salmon, between two perfectly baked pieces of bread- doesn't get any better than this!  I wasn't expecting much since this place is a bakery, and I ordered fish; however, the sandwich, just like the cupcake, was EPIC.Nutella Crepe:O...M...G....This crepe was SO delicious.  One of the best crepes I've ever had.Overall, this place is just amazing, and I highly suggest anyone staying in the Bellagio to give this place a try.  Even if there is a long line...WHO CARES. It's worth it... trust me ;) Tip:Make sure to look at all of their beautiful cakes! Maybe even snap a few photos :)
The Creme Brule gelato and key lime pie is awesome! Also love the chocolate fountain.
I love this place...at least every week we stop by get a chocolates and pastries . The crepes is very food too..
Wow! Crepes out of this world! Delicious! Love love love!!!!!!!!! If the crepes weren't enough, this incredible place is inside of both the Bellagio & Aria.  Please make this a sweet tooth pit stop when you are in Las Vegas!
Will be back when in vegas! had an amazing breakfast! Amazing breakfast potato skins
Needs a better selection of Japanese single malt whiskeys. Even with that it is a nice place to be.
I called several time and every time I leave massage no one answers back I gave these guys couple of chances
They did a great job cleaning out house. Reasonable prices. Friendly staff. They cleaning the carpets well and the tile
Good  place  very clean employees are awesome . Place its big and look nice . I been there a many  times and never had any poblems with anything . Breakfast burito are the  best !
Just great authentic Mexican food! Also I didn't know that you could have your flour tortillas made chimichanga style..don't laugh, I apparently lived a sheltered life about this. The woman behind the counter was friendly and helpful. The dining area was clean and plenty of parking. Check this place out if you have the craving.
Nice job great cleaners always friendly...always helpful and top notch service with a smile...always timely too!! Ckuse to my home...love it!
Great Dry Cleaners cheap prices and friendly service. I would highly recommend. Never too busy and always quick to respond when a customer walks in
Excellent service, very friendly, great prices and location! Hours are great, and my garments always come out perfectly. There seems to be a  shortage of dry cleaners in Goodyear, so I'm glad Galaxy is there.
Always friendly and customer focused. Convenient hours, the clothes always are in good condition.  We keep coming back!
Great, great, great southern BBQ. Side dishes were a little small, but what they lacked in size they made up for in flavour. Well done!Update: the coleslaw was AWESOME.
Their salads are amazing and fill you up! Also, chicken steak YUM YUM!
I totally suggest trying the tandoori wings appetizer. They are so good that I daydream about them.So I'm finally caving in and writing a review about Tandoori Times 3. The food is excellent, but pricey. I took a friend for his birthday and it cost me just over $60 for the both of us. The night we went they had belly dancers and amazing eastern music. The music was a little bit on the loud side. I had never seen a live belly dancer and I was totally impressed - she worked the room and it wasn't at all uncomfortable. My friend really enjoyed her dancing and the music too.The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the wait staff really sucked. You guys really need to get it together in this area, I read some of the other reviews and this is a common theme for you. I will visit this place again, but if the wait staff hasn't improved I will re-rate this place and never show up again.
Very bad service and wait time. My first time here and never coming back again !!! Seriously it's bad management !!
Best indian restaurant in Arizona ever ! The malai kofta here is to die for !Good ambience and amazing service.Think indian think tandoori times 3
Love this place. Looks clean and great food. If you are in a hurry during lunch it may not be a great place, a little under staffed.Portions are perfectly sized, and the Thai ice tea is made to perfection. My favorite dish here is the stuffed chicken wings, a must try!
Great experience at this location! Very sweet staff, will return for trim soon. Their shampoo/conditioner always smells wonderful. Would return again
The big yellow cup says it all! Lip smackn, finger lickn.... Mmmm good food! Friendly service too. My family loves coming here. My favorite is the pull pork sandwich. Kids get a solid helping, and we always make room for the FREE ice cream. Looking for comfort food? This place is it! Succulent ribs. The meat falls off the bone. Nice choices of BBQ sauce, from regular, spicy or sweet. Our family has ordered Dickeys full thanksgiving meal last year.awsome! We'll do it again this year.
Fast and Friendly service! Absolutely delicious!! Seriously finger licking good! The ribs fall right off the bone and they are juicy. I can't wait to go back and try the other items. They also have a daily special every day and it includes sides and a drink.
Phenomenal food, excellent service, and really cute decor.  I love this place.  No matter what I order the food is amazing.  The horchata is completely delicious and the serving is huge.  I had the burrito and it was amazing.  Everyone I was with ordered something different and we all loved our meal. I'll be back, again and again.
It was surprisingly good! Really good in fact. I will come back next week... My daughter said the best cheese crisp ever... I had a combo plate and they were all great!
Great food, beer and ambiance. Really modern twist on German food! Definite visit next time in the area
Great food, beer and ambiance. Really modern twist on German.Only problem was the slow service ( waiter was really sweet tho) Received the wrong sausage-ordered the regular but they brought spicy. Didn't see our waiter again for a long while so we were stuck with it Potato salad was very good as well
It's pretty delicious and I like the location. I came in here one day while I was waiting for AAA to help with my car so I was a bit stressed and in a hurry so I only ordered a pretzel and I could tell the waitress was a bit annoyed but I plan on coming back for a full meal.
One of Phoenix area's absolute best. Haus burger is worth stacking double. Seriously is a peace that you should not pass up. I recommend t to EVERYONE that comes in town.
Some of the cheapest gas around and a pretty decent car wash. One of the few Arcos around that will let you use your credit instead of debit card. After getting burned by using my debit card at a gas station (card info got swiped and some foreign interest tried to take me for everything I have and then some) I will never use debit at stores/gas stations again. I'm so happy they made the update!
The servers are all really polite and friendly. The food is always very good! This blonde girl I forget her name was super nice.
Watch You Tube Anjelah Johnson Nail Salon - I experienced it! They talked me into the Coconut pedicure & to see my heel cracked is the last time for them! I go every 2 weeks there's no reason! They r just out for $! The owner make the girls take me and my friend when they had appointments & the hole time that's All they talked about and rushed us! Ruined my day! NEVER GOING BACK!
Always great finds! Denise was awesome today. Hard to find great customer service! Love to come here!
Coffee cake ! If yelp wasnt lagging and would have let me check in, you would have gotten some eye candy....... But I ate it....Drive thrus, no matter which starbucks it is, are always crazy busy. The staff was quick, efficiant, and nice!
Jake is the best. Great pizza. Great drinks. Stories for days. Can't wait for karaoke night.
Always feel at home and have a fabulous time!  It's like a family!  Fast paced and always great service. Out to make you happy. Love hanging out with Melanie and Harry. Prices are awesome and recommend this place as a lot of laughs and a great time!
My refrigerator wasn't functioning properly so I yelp'd and called this place second. Person who answered was rude and lacked any customer service. I'm glad I didn't book its service and called Absolute Appliance instead. FYI This is the same business as All City Refrigeration--hence the same business phone.
One of the best I've had. Crispy and cheesy pizza.... Yum! The guy who attended us was super friendly. We order the 13" for $15. Good for the price.
One of the best I've had. Crispy and cheesy pizza.... Yum!The crust was one of my favorites I've had in a long time. It's across the street from the Downtown Grand. We were staying at the Downtown Grand. I have before had a slice of the pepperoni pizza. It was delicious. The cashier was super friendly and the rest of the staff made us feel welcomed.
Lots of construction on their street corner at the moment.You can get into the store now, but it's much easier from the east most entrance
Wow the place is huge, pricey but set up is legit and clearly bowling and laser tag are taking new leaps for the west valley. This place has arcades, live bands, laser tags and of course the bowling lanes.  I am not much of a bowler but the lanes are really nice and there is a designated area for all ages and then there are those for the adults.  This is really nice for the adults because you can have a great bar to yourself and the food is very good.  We ordered pizza's, wings, and mozzarella sticks which all were very good for a bowling shop.  For those businesses looking for a conference room, they have them.  I have not looked into pricing because my office is so far from this place, but I will share they seem very state of the art and are large enough for a good size group.
Hands down best place in surprise! Great food, entertainment! WE LOVE IT HERE! We eat dinner here at least once a week. They wedge salad and loaded fries are to die for!
Great place!!! Took my son here for his 7th birthday and he had a blast! Friendly staff, the place was very clean!!! Laser tag was awesome I think that was his favorite part! Food was well priced! We recommend friends family anyone who wants to have a good time to this location!
Awesome place. Shannon the bar tender is legit! Good food. Bipolar music. We had nachos prime dip and burgers. All were very yummy. Great place to go on a Saturday afternoon.
do not have your kids birthday party here...... customer service sucks....couldn't find anyone to help and when I did they seemed bothered. No place to open gifts, there was an empty meeting room adjacent to out 3 lanes, when we tried to open the gifts there we were kicked out and the door locked, our party was inconvenienced by having to open gifts on the lanes with a locked empty room 5 feet away, pretty crappy way to treat a party that paid well over $500 for a 9 year olds bday party
Love this place! Tia the bartender is seriously the best! Love that they have 21+ lounge
This place is Awesome , Must Visit . this is the best store ever. come come. you'll never want to leave
Potato egg pizza. Nothing else will suffice. Service and managers are fantastic. Highly recommend, especially Tuesday (1/2 price bottle of wine) and Fri/Sat (1/2 pizza from 10-midnight).Truly a great experience.
There's nothing I didn't like about this place. The best food I've ever had outside New Orleans.  We had the Pasta Fagiola (White Bean soup), Spinach and Arugala Salad (oh man! Never had a warm salad before), Flat-Iron Steak with the best roasted red potato salad I've ever had and Goat-Cheese Pizza (10") with chicken and fresh basil. Out. Of. This. World! And ask for Alan to be your waiter when you go.
Love this place!!! Get nailed by Helen!!! Everyone else is awesome too! They have great atmosphere and refreshing drinks for free!!! Happy to be back to my original place.
See Larice! She's the best I REALLY love my nails! The service was great and even though I had her do a design with rhinestones, I still felt like I was in and out.
See Larice! She's the best I REALLY love my nails! The service was great and even though I had her do a design with rhinestones, I still felt like I was in and out.
Food good, service good, girl at cash register needs to learn to smile.  The place looked clean and everything tastes good.    But the girl at the register left a bad taste in my mouth.   If you're in a bad mood at work, you need to learn to FAKE IT and smile and treat customers with respect.  B
New owner is great! Honest guy. Doesn't do what isn't needed! I told him I needed tire rotation and he said they look good. Toyota dealership is just the opposite. You can trust you will get the service done right at this place!!
The hummus, veggie, and focaccia bread sandwich is good. Perfect for a light lunch. I bought some of their pastries hoping that would make for good snacks/easy to grab breakfast options, but they were lack luster as best. I will definitely stop back to try their shepard's pie though.
This place is amazing! Best pastries ever. Friendly staff. Everyone is family here.  Mom and pop joint, super comfy and cozy atmosphere. Yay Rayners!
Homemade food at a home feel place. It was our first time and those that work there made us feel comfortable.....they give you your choice of chocolate sample because you are a first time customer. Delicious!! I ordered "Eye Wonder" dish and also ordered a chocolate filled croissant. Delicious!! They let us know that the dough they use for their croissants is imported from France. Either way.....so far all delicious!!
Go if you're desperate for pizza. It was close to my hotel so I thought I'd give it a try. They have four kinds that I noticed (cheese, pepperoni, pepperoni and sausage, pepperoni and hamburger) on display in a warmer. The server grabbed my slice from the warmer, went behind a room divider, and made it seem like he warmed it up in an oven for a minute.
Awesome! He is so fast, so friendly, and his prices are great! Sadly this is my 2nd time I dropped my phone and needed to replace the glass, but I was so pleased with the service the first time, I knew immediately who to call! I completely recommend Mike 100%!
Was able to get same day repair on a Sunday!! Screen repair looked perfect and they came to me!!
Amazing fast and friendly service. My phone looks good as new!!! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
AMAZING!!!! So quick & affordable, WONDERFUL experience. He was very nice & was fun to watch him repair it right there. I would highly recommend him for any issue regarding screen issues. Was able to get it fixed on my lunch break!
Chicken biryani is awesomely spicy! I lucked out and had a regular give me some tips on what to order. Try any one of the naans as well, you won't be disappointed.
Page c. Has no clue.she tosses out bad reviews like they are going out of style. I just purchased an EGO e-cig. This thing was only 29.99 and it has been the best thing ever. I have had it for 5 hours and have almost thrown my cartons of reds out. Its going to take a little bit but this thing works. Thank you so much gentlemen. These guys are to the point and have the knowledge and skill to rival any shop in the valley. Glass?????? yes. The best range of pipes in the state in my opinion. For being privately owned and operated these guys and gal have a huge selection ranging from $5 hand pipe to a $650 Art piece. I love it and you should to. Go and see.
Not my type of place but it's good for women likes although pretty expensive!! I never liked the place myself but you can come to try it out!! Good for snacks
My go-to sandwich place. You had me at cream cheese!! Great music, huge sandwiches and great staff! I recommend beach hut to all!
Delicious! Had the Redneck Tacos! They are one of the best BBQ dishes I've ever had. Our server Kelli was great!
Good food fat portions . Kool to have Chino food a phone call away. Delivery is quick . Ppl are nice I've eaten in and it's pretty clean and they seem to enjoy there jobs.
Still great and good portion for the price. This place never disappoints.  The staff is always friendly.
A real barbershop. Fun, friendly staff with mad skill. I walked in not knowing what to expect, and left with one off the best cuts I've ever had. And my stomach hurts from laughing so much while I was there.
SUCKS ! Pizza tasted like factory frozen mass produced cardboard . Pizza was sitting under warming lights for who how long , just really not pizza unless you have no taste .
Why are there almost 5 stars for this place? I went here last night because of the high rating. I got there about 40 minutes before they closed. The service was fast... But the food was greasy. Greasy quesadilla, Greasy tacos, Greasy loaded potato. Ma'an I'm not coming back, & fear the backlash!!! IYKWIM
Used before. Always good and a pleasure to deal with.They know their stuff and were fast as anything in repairing my phone
Je ne me lasse pas de ces menu tout es bon et bonne portions pour le prix... Super ambiance le staff est souriant bon bistro
Great place!! First time trying the custard! A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!! Loved the mango and vanilla! Will definitely return!
Looking for a Zumba class not affiliated with club membership. Love the facility and teacher.
So freaking hot and limited shade. Bring an umbrella. Wear a hat and comfy shoes bc there are also very few places to sit.The lines for BBQ can be long. Options are $2 "tastes" or full servings for varying amounts of "tickets" that can be purchased from the ticket booth. The drink lines moved quickly and ran very efficiently. They also took tickets.
Lunch buffet from 11am to 3pm for $7.35.  Nice!  Only had two kinds of chicken (roasted and original).  Had a lot of sides.  Nothing special but gets the job done when you are hungry and looking for quick, cheap food.  Since it's close to where I live, I"ll probably be back, but wouldn't go out of my way for it :)
Over rated. That is all. I said over rated. Stop reading this and find another restaurant.
pasta size is very big!Charred octopus is spicy and salty.Broiled oysters are only two oysters.
This place rocks. Great food. Great owners. Great prices. No bullshit.    I have been here a few times.  It looks like San Diego or a place you would come in on right off the beach.  The owners are always there and they seem to love what they have created.They have clams on the menu which I have yet to get to, but so far I have had variations of their Turkey Burger and have yet to be disappointed.The staff is real friendly, love to talk and have a good time.  They also care about making sure you are being taken care of.I wish more places in Olde Town had the quality of people, food, and service this place does.
Absolutely amazing burger. I tried the Hatch Chili Burger and it was perfectly cooked. The Sweet Potato Tater Tots were an excellent side. I highly recommend any burger lover to try this place.
Yummy and hot  - good margaritas. Never had a bad experience. Love to sit outside. Calamari is better than you expect at a burger joint
I had the best burgers here.  So good I went back the next day.  Very nice place.  I have been there twice and ordered the same burger because it was so good.  It was the bacon and blue cheese burger.  The second time I was there I also ordered the sweet potato bites.  So good.  I know I will go again and promise myself to order a different burger.  The atmosphere is amazing.  The music is also great.  Service was good.  It is a very nice place to have great food and a great time with your friends.
This is my favorite burger place! I love there bacon cheeseburger, vanilla milkshake and the sweet potato tots! This is mine and my boyfriends go to place for a date. The patio area is the best place to sit!
I liked the spot. Great burgers, prepared to your liking. We had a party of eight so the wait was one hour. The bartender kept us busy while we waited:-)
nicole was friendly. Quick . in & out. 1st appointment.  No complaints. Haven't seen results yet. I go in for my next appointment in a about a week n a half. 6 weeks between.                 Clean office. A little chilly tho. Got to wear some snazzy  sunglasses during the treatment. I will be back to use the rest of my groupon.
Good place to monitor your pregnancy.  Dr Ibay is one of the best pregnancy doctors in Vegas.  His office runs very efficient and is always clean and the staff is friendly.
Pork belly appetizer was delish! Lovin the cocktail list and their extensive whisky selection!Stopped here while passing through Phoenix on our way to "T-town" from Sedona :) Had a great trip with great food and were looking to continue that without venturing too far from the freeway. We found this using my phone and had one heck of a time trying to find out. Turns out, it is in the backside of a hotel that opens up to a little mall like area. Any parking was confusing but we ended up there and were glad we did. Atmosphere was definitely the chic industrial trendy gatro pub thing. Service was great and food was fantastic. My hubby and I both got whisky inspired cocktails off their house cocktail list and were quite impressed. My husband made a "joke" about the cornichon on his burger asking what they do to make them so small and the server handled his bad joke very well. We frequently traverse through Phoenix and Scottsdale so we will be back! If your in the area walking around, look this place up and treat yourself to some new flavors both in the food and drinks! An overall pleasant experience! If you are driving from somewhere else.... I might find a restaurant with a parking lot...
Interesting menu. Drinks way over priced. Bone in pork belly was ok. Not enough to eat $12 vodka.  Would go back to try something else H
Great food and service? Kale salad was the best I've ever had! Server was helpful, will definitely come back again to try other plates. Thanks!
Good fish & chips, good service and nice location. I was there at lunch with my work mates. Parking is a bit sparse in Old town, but that's true with any business there.
Great drinks good service, patio was a good scene, nice place to chill and meet beautiful people
Damn hot blonde bartenders i'm talking about hot damn blonde bartenders it's Big league  time here
Wed is $2 taco night ! Awesome view of the strip. Cheap bottled beer ($3 domestic/$4 import), no draft beer though. Good simple food. Great people watching. Nice staff. Open 24/7.
Well it's 1:12am and you guys are closed. You should really change your hours. Very disappointing since you are the only taco restaurant supposed open in the area at the time. It makes no sense to show that you are open when you obviously are taped off once we tried going inside.
Helped out a friend....fast, easy, and reliable service.. recommend for anybody seeking a bail bonds service.
Lovely service Happy and seasoned sales personThank you for your helpFabulous quality
Food is awesome and stuff is friendly and cheap prices get the philly cheese steak sandwich
You have to try the roasted chicken with mac n cheese, collards, and corn bread.Man, this food is so so good! A MUST if you are ANYWHERE near Uptown Charlotte, NC.
This place was a big surprise!  We were actually going to T spot a few doors down but the place was empty. So hubby and I decided to forget ramen, let's go Chinese!  They are good, very tasty!Hubby ordered the MaPo Tofu. I had the Pot stickers and Pork veggie rice cake. Excellent
Excellent Szechuan food. A real gem. I recommend the dan dan noodles; green beans; garlic cucumbers; and spicy water boiled fish.
Not very nice. Demanded  I turn off my car. Never had that happen before. Very hot day.
So good!!! I had the pulled pork nachos. The  best I have every had. Must go!! I will be back for sure.
Everything was fabulous! Shrimp and Grits.  Pan seared scallops. Pulled pork sandwich. And the table favorite,  chicken pot pie with a flaky crust. Yum. Dessert _ doughnut bread pudding. Don't try to figure it out.  Just come and enjoy!
What a real surprise, this place is top notch, excellent food and drinks.  Parking is out front on the street or a big shared parking lot in the rear, nothing close to this quality in the area
Best shrimp and grits this side of Charleston. Homemade dessert. Very southern yet gourmet.
Love that place! Génial!!!! La nourriture est parfaite pour une dégustation de bière. Je recommande de prendre le plateau de 4 petits verres de dégustation pour savourer la variété offerte.
Great food, great people, and cold beer. What more can you ask for. Best wings in town. You'll swear your in buffalo.
Plain and simple this is the place to be!  If you aint here u are probably  at Fort Couch bored to death.  So what are u waiting for???
Crossfit 400 is awesome! The coaches are inspiring and kick your butt!  Great hours! Love my crossfit 400 family!
Awesome place to walk your dogs in the morning!I love this park! It's huge and is great in the summer because they have a little water park. It has a hugeeeeee grass area as well as baseball fields, a basketball court, and a bunch of tables to have barbecues and parties!It's a good choice to run around and get your fit on.If you come in the morning, you can get a great view of the sunrise!
First Visit: We came on a Friday at 615. It was busy but we didn't need a reservation for two. I would recommend one for more than that but it seemed to slow down by 8pm. Salad bar is phenomenal!  They allow you the option of salad only or salad and meat. Do both and leave room for dessert!! It is worth it! They will sing happy birthday to you in portuguese!! The service was over the top. Second visit: I went during Queens Feast, busier of course and service was not a 5 star but it was a 4 star :) food still amazing, this time I had the salmon at the salad bar and I can't say enough how WONDERFUL IT WAS! Wow, the food is just so well prepared, and the deal for the week of $30 for Salad/Meat, Choice Dessert of Flan or Passionfruit Mousse was truly a great deal and well worth it for dinner.
Great service !! Had the beef spring roll which was awesome. Ordered the sweet and sour chicken which was the best dish I had !!!!Looked at the dessert menu but was too full to eat more. Will totally come back for dessert. They now have vegan ice cream. Everything looks really yummy. I will come again for sure. H
Delicious crispy beef and Curry chicken. There are so many options. I moved from San Diego where there were lots of veggie options. I haven't found as many here in Vegas but Veggie house is a great find :)
Not a fan of this place. There's better "authentic Chinese" food in Chinatown.  The dishes that we ordered lacked flavor and was very greasy.  The customer service is good.  Everyone in there is very nice, but the food is just a turn off.Also, the name of the restaurant is misleading.  The restaurant is NOT purely vegetarian.  They serve meat. **7/30/15** I was informed that the "meat" is not meat, but "soy/veggie meat" made from soy ingredients. Sorry I was ignorant.***
Good food better than the rest. Oder the General Tao chicken and curry chicken was pretty good too..
This is a Vegetarian dream come true. My favorite is the Crispy Beef and Broccoli however the Kung Poa Chicken is a close 2nd. Don't expect any fancy decor because it's a simple eatery with extraordinary food. The $7.95 lunch special is a great way to introduce yourself to the Vegan/Vegetarian menu...did I mention Vegan Ice Cream!? Cherry Chocolate Vegan Ice Cream over Fried Bananas..it's the right size to share.
Splatter Zone is a must! Cough up a few extra bucks and have a blast! You can tell the cast truly loves what they so. It shows! This is a labor of love! If you decide to see any shows on your trip... This is it!
This was pretty hilarious. I laughed really hard. I totally recommend it. The price is reasonable too.
Yuyis was sooo friendly and helpful. Great customer service! I will definitely come back here for any event I have.
Have football part supplies! Great find. Less packed than party city! Good prices for all party supplies and good service.
Great place for balloons and helpful. Just bought 18 balloons for my daughters 18th birthday.  After I brought my balloons home, one of the colors already started to drop and I paid over $40 plus the extra charge to keep them up for 24 hours. I was disappointed, I didn't have enough time to go back and return them within the 8 hours most of them dropped. Next time I will be going to the Party City.
Came in for balloons for a party and the girls were Very helpful and friendly!  They helped me create a balloon package that was an economical as possible.
Great local independantly owned local joint....GREAT food, super freindly staff....don't let the dated decor fool you, the food is 100% HOT and NOW....Get the wings Daytona style....and anything with the green chili pork, YUM!
Great gym for the basics. Not for hardcore lifters as they don't have a ton of free weight equipment (benches, racks, etc.) plus they clearly state "no deadlifting." But as I'm pressed for time and have limited myself to aerobics (plenty of elliptical, bikes and treadmills) and circuit training (30 Minute Express Workout), this place is great, priced right (no contract) and close.
Awesome work!!! Brings carpets back to life!!! We moved in to a house which had stains on good-quality carpets. We didn't have budget to replace those carpets so were looking for someone who would clean the carpets and make them new-like!!Although, multiple realtors told us those stains wont go, and we'll need to get those carpets replaced, we gave it a try and called Rob. And it turned out be absolutely correct decision!! All the stains on the carpets went away, and the carpets are back to life!!!
Great beer selection and awesome pizza! The service was fantastic! I can't wait to go back!!
Wtf!!! Where my biscuit??? Cheap owner n cheap freaking shit head!!! I'm pissassssssssssssssssssssssssjsjjsjshdhdhshsbsbbshshsbsbsbdndndj
Too much to list, management needs help. We weren't offered coupons but the people after us were. They were too busy talking versus trying to help the customers.
Just received my first B12 shot from PUSH!Great staff, stunning office, great location! Cure your Vegas Summer Hangover with a replenishing IV. Kick start your Sin City Vacation with a B12 shot.Or relax in on of their amazing massage chairs, of which I am doing right now :)Amaze. Will highly recommend to all my friends and clients.
Awesome customer service! Thank you for always taking care of me and my friends. Safe and very clean establishment
Great experience! Friendly staff! Massage chair was on point..feel amazing! Inside decor is beautiful. The whole experience takes about 30 minutes. Don't have anything bad to say!
This was an amazing idea.  Feel great and the service was super! I can't wait to do this again. Best feel good idea at your door!
Excellent customer service, great price and it works! There are different options to choose from depending on what you need specifically. They also travel to your hotel which makes it very convenient
Worst food for Indians .. Nothing is good ..I won't recommend .. Please think before step in
Chocolate covered strawberries with my meal as a treat? Yes please!  I went there for the first time last week and had the Thai salad with tofu and it was very yummy. They are quick, efficient and my pocket really likes their prices. The only problem was that we don't have a location near my house (aawwwhhh) BUT I just found out that they are opening another location in Dana Park (Val Vista and Baseline ) wwwwweeeeee! Do you know where you can find me for lunch in the near future?? Café Zupas!!
Marveless Mark rocked!  Cool atmosphere! Great time! Waitress were very attentive and the performances were great. Gotta try the Marveless mark shot. And see the rock of ages show!
Awful bartender and drinks! We just left our sugar water drinks because they were so bad.  What a disappointment.
Great people! Great service thanks for everything good talk I really love my teeth ow
Just the best tacos I've had in Pittsburgh. A must try for anybody nearby!!You have different choices of meat and get to dress your taco with any toppings you like. $2.50 a taco, hell yea!
Great food, extremely mediocre beer.The three stars is a reflection of the food.  If I were rating the beer alone, I would have rated 1-2 star, and if on the food alone, 4-5 stars.We sampled quite a few dishes:  The chicken&waffle sushi, the forked up tuna, the pork belly corn dogs, the torched diablos, and the jerk mango chipotle wings.  All of the dishes were excellent and beautifully presented.  The forked-up tuna was the star of these in my opinion.The beer on the other hand was very uninspired.  I tried a flight of 5 beers (stout, brown porter, red, pale ale and the maibock) plus a pint of the Hefeweizen.  All were very bland, flat and lacked flavor across the board.  I would rate the brown porter as the best of the worst, but I would not recommend any of them.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  Shame the beer was the lone negative point.
Amazing food and drinks! Stephan the bar tender is knowledgeable and highly talented bar man/mixologist
One of our favorites in Montreal! Oysters are delicious to start, we get them every time. Braised short ribs and Brussels sprouts were perfect for main course. Atmosphere is on point.
Gorgeous outdoor patio and the inside is very authentic and cozy. Service is great and the chicken pot pie is amazing!
Def not as impressive as I thought it would be. Food was bland and our waiter was horrible.
Torched goodness is delicious single serve creme brulee. A must try. Incredibly tasty.
Brilliant food and a very reasonable price. This place is family owned and puts an effort into making sure we're satisfied. My wife loves the pad thai and their curries are incredible.
Great taste, and one of the best Id say around here! Everyone needs to try this! Its a big bonus that the west side has something like this.  Definitely recommend this to people to try.
My favorite breakfast spot right now. Hobo plate please and thanks! Great customer service, their staff is awesome and the food is ready quick!
Went for breakfast with the family. Excellent services! Excellent food! Southern hospitality! We will be back!
Great customer service, good prices on accessories, ok prices on uniforms. I bought some belt accessories here and compared the same type to other stores and FX Tactical had the cheapest prices. The staff were very helpful and knowledgeable and helped me pick the perfect items. The uniforms are kind of pricey.
Skimpy on the servings as well as the service. employee at register made a comment about employee being late because she was probably macking in her car.
TIP: Half price day every other SaturdayThe store at 32nd street and Greenway was my go-to place for secondhand goods.  Being the closest store to Paradise Valley, I've found Prada shoes, Escada suits and tons of other brand name items over the years.  Quality has gone down over the past year or two.  More Goodwills have opened up, and even the rich have less.  But you can still find a good deal or two if you get lucky.  I like to stop by on random weekdays after work.  The store is quiet and you can shop in peace.
This location sells some cosmetics, scored some Donna Karan Delicious 3.4 oz perfume for $5 almost full! Some people get very weird about this place and camp out all day to literally snatch goods off of the stock cart when the employee wheels out new stuff. Not a good look people. Always good selection on housewares and furniture.
Fabulous shop...check it out! The prices are outstanding and I found a bunch of tops by brands you can only find at Anthropology.
Fabulous shop...check it out! The greatest employees who are so helpful and sweet, not to mention the clothing selection rocks!
Very good .... Nice little place. The salad hit the spot and the Gyro Meat was mild and delicious. We will definitely eat here again.
Quick stop for 3.99 tacos and beer -- good in a pinch but the tacos were cold.Good safety comes into question... When you're serving cold meat. Thanks for the beer!
At 1030 they are out fish? Hard to believe in a Saturday night they are out of fish. Or course they want you to take pork or beef but really I want fish
Good stuff !out this world!The coffee is fantastic and the sandwiches were all super fresh!
Try the frys no salt!  You can taste the true potato fry that way!!  It has been great the this establishment has comed to Nevada.  I am sure that others would agree.  They typically give a a lot of frys.  Hopefully the West Flamingo location reads this.  They have been lacking in this department in my 5 recent visits.  The burgers are great, the selection of toppings is a bonus.  Add uncooked green bell peppers and you get a nice crisp surprise.  I have turned others I know to Five Guys Burgers and they have thanked me.
Stop fucking yelling at me! I already over payed for your mediocre burger.....could've gone to In N Out and been treated like an adult! Next to the singing at Johnny Rockets.....the worst business idea ever!
After the first time coming here i was hooked..great job Five Guys. Customer service was excellent the place was clean and even though the place was crowded, i can understand why...the burgers and fries are mouth watering mmmmm so delicious
PB & Chocolate smoothie...it was awesome, the service was great and I want another!Music was loud (I think I felt my buttons vibrate), but the rest of the experience was good
Ryan has great customer service. He was very helpful. Kayana took the time to split my kids'' large drink into two without me even asking. They pay attention to what the customer needs and i appreciated it!
nice quick service! friendly staff and the smoothies always comes out perfect! its connected to the coffee bean so its not visible from the street. i like that its hidden so theres never a line when i visit. try the white gummy bear next time. its not the healthiest but its super tasty!
First time there, very friendly staff. Not a long wait. Did a good job ! Parking is easy.
Wonderful ice cream & gelato. Friendly vendors. Best location at the Atwater Market. Love it!
Really good home cooking. Took the cooking class and really enjoyed it. The hours seem a little funny sometimes but worth going for it!
First and last time there . We won't be going back. We went through the the drive through and everything was really gross . Seemed old like it had been siting out for a while .Very disappointed as we went there because of the great Yelp reviews .
Shavone is the best server! Cheap drinks and good atmosphere during their happy hour. They have a free pool table as well. Great space definitely must visit!
Free to military members! I donate to the USO because I'm familiar with the good work they do. I also take advantage of their lounges in airports whenever I can. I used to be reluctant to spend time in the USO but I've discovered it's a great alternative to the Airline Clubs and Lounges.  There was food, and a large screen television and comfy recliners. One could easily fall asleep and many do. More military members should take advantage of the services of the USO.  The volunteers are friendly and welcoming.  Also I encourage everyone to donate if they can.  A lot of so called charities don't do what they say, but as with this location, the USO really delivers on their promise to support servicemembers.
Perfect bar for the summer. Beautiful pool with an incredible view of the city. Drinks are  reasonably priced and delicious.
Have you ever been wondering around Chinatown and it came into your head that you just really need to eat? But so don't want to pay some of the higher prices? Well that was me the other day, driving around trying to find a new place to try out that wouldn't make my wallet try. That's how I found this cute little store , the Fresh Cup.It's a small little place that would probably fit at max 20 people. They show K-pop most of the time and the posters on the wall are a mix of what they have to eat and Girls Generation.Try the bulgolgi beef box. Lots of food for the price I'd say. Next time I stop in there which I plan to, I will grab myself some boba and try out the teriyaki salmon since its the same price as the chicken.
Excellent job, excellent service, I really recommend Marcos Window Tinting, they are located at 107 ave & Indian school rd, front fry's.
Awesome all around !!!Great coffee, great staff.... Amazing chocopecan amongst other desserts. Definately recommend
Large iced mocha extra shot is all I ever get. Pricey, but tasty.When the weather's nice, it's great sitting out on the patio area. There's also a gas fire box & ceiling fans.Free WiFi is also nice.
Consistent friendly service and quality products!  Clean facility.  My favorite cold drink is Jasmine dragon tea latte iced.
Best place around. Great selection, good prices, and friendly staff. The rewards program is great as you can get $5 off for every $50 spent.
Not into frozen yogurt, but it was pretty good. We came on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't to busy. The customer service was great too, but they take a  while to weigh the yogurt. Doesn't take 2 people to ring your order up.
Awesome Awesome Awesome That's all I can say ! Must try this amazing yogurt. First time customer and I was impressed and it was very affordable !
So-so. It didn't stand out from other sub places. I wasn't impressed. I might return if there is absolutely no where else to go.
I only wish the food was as good as the service. The host and waitress where extremely friendly and very helpful and very well-trained. The food on the other hand was a completely different story. My wife ordered a fish and chips, which tasted more like pork rinds then fish. It was clearly a frozen piece of fish thrown into the deep fryer, so we pretty much paid $13 for french fries. I ordered a prime rib, considering it was Wednesday and that was their special. I ordered it medium. When I was served my meal, it was a thin piece of prime rib that was overcooked. It was good, but it any lacked flavor or spices. I also opted to upgrade from the broccoli to the spinach. My spinach was nothing more then steamed spinach with no seasoning, no bacon, no garlic, nothing! it was completely bland and gross. All said and done, it was not worth the $18 that they charge for it. I don't think I will ever eat an entrée at this place again.  I might go back and try a burger or a sandwich, maybe they're better at that. This place is clearly not the place to eat entrées, The food was very disappointing.
I am very sad to see this family owned business close.  11/2014. As a family guide to fun in Vegas and Henderson, VegasFamilyEvents we have herd nothing but rave reviews.  We wish the owners the best in whatever they choose to do next.
Great flavors and the profits go to great causes!  Two scoops, Banana Cream Pie and Southern Apple Pie makes a great closer.
So yummy! Never disappointing!!! And I love that they are open until 10 pm. The staff is always helpful and friendly! Thanks for always being some yummy!!!
Hidden gem! The food is great, the service is good and to boot it's really cheap. I love their French toast especially when covered with fresh fruit. I'm a fan of their omelets too.
Great causal dinning! Casey is the best server! Clean and very good service. Would eat here several times a week!
Great place and great people. They were very helpful and it's cheap. Plus they gave us free warm cookies.
Solid place overall. Happy with my experience.  I really enjoy their pad thai - extra spicy.  Always very quick service.  Their take-outs quality is just as good as dine in. Great place to pick up food on my way home from work.
I love this place everyone in this clinic is super nice and friendly. They are busy at times but they do a very good job at getting everyone seen as soon as they can.
Therapy seem to help some still to early tell but the staff is wonderful and always helpful
Therapy seem to help some still to early tell but the staff is wonderful so far I've been coming here for the past 3 weeks and I can tell that it's been helping me
The staff and doctors are friendly and the place is always clean.i will recommend this clinic to anyone who needs proper treatment
Nice place I go here for my hair with brandi - she's great!! They also do many more services there too
Love the Wonton soup.....bowls keep getting smaller though...they will add extra shrimp at a cost but heart already
My favorite place to eat! Fry sauce is the best thing that happened to me. The bacon double steak burger is my favorite and the concretes are super yummy too.
Good place for yummy custard.  Like the turtle concrete. Beowulf recommend the fries with Freddy sauce.  It's really good together.
Fast and sooo good. Skinny fries good also. What's not to like about a steakburger! I had #1 original double steakburger OMG. My wife and I both said it was better than In & Out any day!
Very pushy.....needs a lesson in ethics and very unprofessional. I would definitely recommend you do your research and take your business elsewhere
I really enjoy the pancakes, but service so slow even when no one else is there. Bathroom was a mess.
Place was clean. Service was great and food was delicious! I ordered their special lemon grass noodles with beef. Will definitely come here next time I pass through
I love this place. Service is good and the foods are awesome!!! They have wifi too! The best one is PHO! Really good! Should try this restaurant out
Over priced and under filling. A $9 salad shouldn't be 95% lettuce. Save your money for somewhere else. Their saving grace is the beer.
If you're interested in a Brazilian wax, go elsewhere. Was left with a lot of remaining wax on my skin, a lot of hair that could have easily been waxed off and no backside or tweeting was done at all. In all honesty and fairness, it seemed as though the lady was not comfortable performing a brazilian, which is totally ok, but I wish they would have said something prior or told me when someone would have been in that can perform one at better quality.
Excellent and quick service on a two watch battery change.  Came in to see about getting an older quartz Seiko and Casio up and running.  The watches have the old style screwdowns with indents for a case back tool that require a good bit of precision and not much purchase to work with.  Even with three people in front of me, they had me good to go in fifteen minutes, a flat $10 for each battery change, and (although not required for this level of watch) no caseback scratches.  I couldn't have done better if I had tried (and much less grief involved).
Great service! Fast! Very friendly! They changed my girlfriends oil and rotated her tires. They were very good at explaining a few things to her to look out for in the future. Overall it was a great experience and I would certainly bring my car here for repairs. I recommend it to anyone!
Always enjoy the service here. They are top notch! Brad was very nice and listened to my issues well and I was in and out quickly!
In love with this place.heather does my Botox and lip injections. She's amazing at it.
Nice folks, kids like getting haircuts here.  I usually get mine cut as well since I"m already there.  We're regulars here.
The guys here are professional friendly & attentive. Been coming here for a couple of years and the service has always been steady. Wifi is a plus and so is the clean bathrooms.  I definitely recommend this place.09/06 Jason was such a sweetheart! I went in for my usual LOF and tire rotation but also wanted him to look in to my AC that was intermittently blowing warm at operating temp. He immediately asked me if I had any coupons and even said he would accept it on my mobile. Unfortunately I couldn't find any. He automatically waved my $30 AC inspection fee and I walked out only paying $46 for my full synthetic oil change and tire rotation. Yay me!
Great mini hike with kiddos!! Great way to get your day started. Do it!! Quick and accessible. Right off the 202.
Excellent authentic Mexican food! Great portions, friendly service. I really liked the Spanish Steak.
Love this place! Great daily specials! Good bar staff and super yummy food ! Mac and Cheese empanadas are a must !
Got the keratin blowout...love it!  Wonderful stylist. She recommended it but didn't sell me the most expensive on. She advised that I get the one that lasts for 3 months to make sure I liked it. She was right! I spent the extra money and got the one that lasted longer. Love how she doesn't force product on you to buy.
My new favorite breakfast spot.  The breakfast burrito crepe is a must, their iced coffee are really good and the hipsters are nice. no phone orders only down side as it's pretty busy every time I've gone.
Really cute space and its packed on sunday morning so that must mean good food; however, I stood in line for at least 20min only to be told when I got to the front that there was a 45min wait.I went back a 2nd time during the week and it was pretty empty to my liking.  The crepes were absolutely delicious, although a bit small for the price.  I highly recommend the nutella crepe!
Andouille sausage. Best breakfast I've ever had in my life. Hands down. Breakfast burro equally incredible and the maple crepe also delicious. Great staff.
Food is great and service is always amazing as well! We have been here multiple times and always great. If you like crepes then this is a MUST!!!
Awesome Crepes, great atmosphere and wonderful service. The server kept bringing me little samples to try as well. A tiny cup of cereal and a small bite of coffee cake.
Loved the king burger... Going back for the Reuben It is amazing how they an reproduce your favorite flavors in a vegan format but it really really works!!  My wife and I have had several enjoyable dinners with zero regret and will definitely be back for more!
burgers are good but the oil is obviously overused and the service was poor. the prices for the burgers is good but the rest of the prices were not worth it.
Wouldn't come back, not very customer friendly, go across the street to five guysThe burger was good but scolded when I asked for Swiss cheese, and the French fries aren't Hand cutWent back to buy dinner for a homeless couple and their dog, asked for a large cup for water for the dog and the girl said no, you have to pay for a large drink to get a cupREALLY ???
My bosses come here all time and love it. I finnally got a chance to come by and try. Great burger. Friendly staff and they are quick service for a week day lunch!
Best kept secret in Las Vegas. If your a deep tissue fan..I recommend this place. They also put hot stone which I've never tried but works amazing for my back pain.
I love this place! They have some of the best pizza I have had in Madison! The crust is very thin, and delicious and I highly recommend it!
The Eastern location is closed. I looked for it 10/22/15 to go eat there, drove around the parking lot.  Tried to google it and  was listed as permanently closed.
No more wells Fargo for me...As of right now Chase has meet up to my expectations. Everytime I have walked in to this location someone greets me.Not only that if I have direct deposit withing the first 60 days of opening my account I get $125.00 for FREE.The only bad this is they charge like $25.00 for checks. It is still worth it. The location is perfect I work right around the corner. It is also very clean.Stay tuned for more because the call center customer service might change this review.
Staff is nice and friendly. Whenever I go here, it's usually during a break from work or on my way home. They never seem overwhelmed when there is a line, which lends to the overall environment when it's crowded. Two thumbs up in my book.
This bank does NOT accept cash deposits! What kind of a BANK doesn't allow you to deposit a 20 dollar bill!!!!
Very helpful and friendly. If you are in the military or a veteran they go above and beyond to help you out. Because I am a veteran, they upgraded my account.
Getting refinance on my car. Great service ask for Shue  He is the best for your banking needs I got my higher interest cc transferred to a lower no annual fee and no transfer fee up to 2 months so I am saving 400 dollars each month.  I am a happy camper.
The fastest branch in town. I was in and out in less than 2 minutes. Clients like me appreciate good customer service. Love this branch
My new favorite nail Salon! Cloe is amazing! My nails were flawless. Also felisha is fantastic too! All the girls are sweet and know what they're doing. I don't remember who did my pedicure but she did a great job!
Loved it! Lo- cal and yummy! Hopefully it is "sugar free" and "fat free!" We don't want a Seinfeld situation over here. Cause please believe, this just seems to be too good to be true!!! But I'm in..: )
Very accommodating & friendly. We had an amazing bowlwich, "wich" was amazing!! Makes us want to try a sandwich next time....
One of my favorite sub shops for a quick stop. Tons of different sandwiches with plenty of customizations. The meatball sub and the Philly cheesesteak are my favorite. The Philly only makes an appearance on the menu a few times a year under their R & D #8 bags. They even import the roll from a bakery in Philadelphia! Some outdoor seating is available for nicer weather and people watching in the met. Mark the back side of your bag so you can tell where your sandwich is on the line.
Great spot to eat lunch and dinner. Sundae roll is amazing!!!! The charge for the tea is the only reason they are getting 4 stars :)
Great, new place! Friendly service and quality drinks!I was a little surprised to read other Yelpers' reviews and their disappointment. Hopefully, they took the criticism and have cleaned up their act now. I've been here 2x within last month and they've always been open, delivered exactly what I asked for, and have been very friendly.Plus - how can you beat the prices? I think they're awesome!
Nothing to fancy just a good clean gas station. Bathrooms always clean soda always ready and friendly staff.
Amazing place. Unfortunately, it's now closed, probably forced out by inflated rent. :-(However, I am led to believe they are seeking a new location, so I promise to update as soon as it's announced!Looking Glass Books is an excellent bookshop/café, with a huge selection of fiction and non-fiction. There are tips from the staff in some of the books, and the atmosphere is nice to walk around and browse.The café has a variety of teas, coffees, and other hot drinks, along with cakes and cold drinks as well. I do think the prices are a bit too high, so this costs a star, but the place is great, and I have been several times.
Must try the guacamole...and their pulled pork dishes are phenomenal!! I have yet to eat anything bad from here. Very authentic and very good. They make the guacamole fresh right in front of you.
Awesome upscale Mexican food for airport! Got the az burrito. Yummy green chili pork! In D terminal right by boarding
Average but expensive airport food. Had the pork burrito, it was salty and uninspiring.
Plenty of outlets for travelers that are in need of some power- both at the bar and in the booths. Extremely fast service and food delivery (a plus for quick layovers) - but they're not quick to make you leave if you've got time to kill, either. I ordered the chicken tacos (tacos come in corn tortilla- burritos are larger in a flour tortilla) - seriously delicious. Keep in mind I'm a goat cheese fanatic - so that played into this crazy happy review.  I will definitely make this a regular stop for upcoming PHX layovers!
Excellent all around!! Stuffed flounder was superb. Waiter jay attentive and polite. We will return.
Horrible place!! Beyond disgusting!!! No fire alarm in room someone removed it. Hookers running around outside. Gangster looking people hanging outside. Small caliber bullet hole in TV. Front desk charged me $3 for using a hotel.com agent and not through them. Hotel.com never heard of it. They called them and got a BS story. I have used hotel.com over 30 times never charged anything arriving. PLZ DO YOURSELF A FAVOR LOOK AT THE PICTURES IT IS REALLY BELOW DISGUSTING.
Always have good luck with usbank always nice and professional! Great location and employees are very helpful. I've had account for many years never a problem.
Doesn't live up to the hype.  I have had better pizza elsewhere. Bottom line, I wouldn't come here again.
Amazing!!!! Fresh cheese!!!- Authentic.  The service was fast. The pizza couldn't have been anymore perfect. Real slices of fresh mozzarella cheese. Create your own pizza with so many toppings. The meatballs were the best.
Great pizzas and good selection of beer. I always try to eat here while staying at Venetian.
Big salads, good wings,cold drafts!! Nice change from buffalo wild wings or hooters , salads were to big to finish, and wings were nice and meaty, and some of the coldest drafts around
Still our favorite place for dinner and game-watching! Never disappoints; consistent food, drinks, and service.
Server: Judy... What on earth would possess you to stop taking our order to check your phone and say "people keep calling me, leave me alone!!" Really? We probably wouldn't have known your phone was even ringing until you drew attention to it. Worst idea ever to do when your working for tips and serving a table full of locals in the industry! Not what a company wants representing them! If your gonna sneakily have your phone on you, the best idea would not be to bring it out at your table and in the middle of taking their order!!!!! Picking my jaw up off the ground and probably won't be back.
Try Knotty Brunette- ice cold brown ale beer!  The staff was very friendly, always smiling:)
Fun place to have a drink/burger. Had a great time here with the wife!  I also enjoyed the waitress watching, lol .
Love this place, close to home, great food and drinks & Witney DJs like a Boss! Always a good time.
Big Nasty sandwich is amazing!I like the places where the people is keeping the traditions what et how to cook. Nice southern food, "home-sweet-home" atmosphere and a little bit country style. I know only one place which can be competitive with Dinette but is so far for having a lunch... So, definitely, 5 stars for Dinette.
Awesome find again read my previous review! Thank you for your help Beth! Can spend hours just browsing!
A clean bathroom! Finally!!!After driving 500 miles in one afternoon, all I wanted to do was go to a clean bathroom. I thank the toilet Gods above for allowing us to drive past this gas station! It was clean and warm and had HOT water! This Roadtrip has opened up my eyes ladies! We need to start a chain of Female friendly gas stations! :)
Pupusas make for a yummy and filling meal. Licuados was fresh and delicious. The place is nothing special but filled with Salvadorians, which is always a good sign.
Two stories of endless fun. Large, decent alcohol, and decent food. An airport with fresh poutine! What more can you ask for?
It's in a little abandoned strip mall and its a little hole in the wall, but I really liked it. Walked there from campus. This place was my first gyro of all time and I happy it took my gyro virginity. Get the lamb gyro with fries and a diet raspberry snapple. Quality for like 6.99.
The "mezzanine" of this theater is just the rear section of the orchestra seating. There is no raised mezzanine. Therefore, save your money and buy tickets near the front of the mezzanine instead of paying more for orchestra seats.But, the show itself was great!  I'm usually not one for musicals but this was pretty good.
Great show! Great music! (The speed of their speech is a little fast though, so if you're an international student like me, there would probably be some lines that you don't understand completely.) And the song that I'm most familiar with is "Can't take my eyes off you".
Met a fan of mine! Cool. I love trying a new hot sauce on my sandwich every time I go.
Excellent always ... Sirracha Beef sandwich under 500 calories...score. We will come back for sure!!!!
Great service and the mango ice is pure heaven! The staff was very friendly and they get skimpy on the servings. So glad they are open for the spring/summer season!
Trust the reviews you see on here.  That many people can't be wrong.  They were no shows for me.  Super friendly through the sales process and then gone.
Love this place. Great, and fast service. Personable yet professional staff. The guys who take care of the car after the wash are hilarious! You also get what you pay for. I've never had any issues at this place or with any of the staff.
Ice cream sandwiches! My roommate and I just had lunch next door at the Thai place and decided that we finally had some time to try this place. It's small, cozy and homey inside and they have various flavors of THRIFTY ice-cream to choose from, even some more in back. I'm a huge fan of cookies and ice-cream so I'm really glad this place opened up near my side of town.
Three words- chocolate malted crunch. Absolutely the best ice cream flavor. Ever. And these guys serve it up on  freshly baked cookies? For like four bucks? That's a sweet deal if you ask me. My husband and I even picked up a nice little piece of framed artwork by a local tattoo artist on one of our visits. I am all about supporting locally-owned businesses, and it is really nice to see local businesses supporting local artists....All in all, this is a great place. Oh, and if you check in on Facebook, they will give you $.50 off.
The Thrifty ice cream was not that great. The cookies were just ok ! You can just go to the store and buy some dreyers ice cream instead ! The prices were low. But i would pay more for better handmade ice cream !
Absolutely great!  Super customer service by everyone in here and Nita is amazing!  Moved from the SW side of town where I had someone good but too far to drive. Tried another place at Craig and Jones where they were rude and cut my face.   Nita was great. She is nice and does a great job!  Finally a place I can keep coming back to.  And to add it is super clean and a nice place!
best sandwich place ever.  *chicken chipotle sandwich*If you're on the strip visit planet Hollywood and try that place before you live Vegas
Nasty. Got an egg wrap and the eggs are so cold they're bordering frozen.Person who took my order was friendly. Person who prepared and served my food was as cold as the eggs.
Absolutely amazing breakfast. I had the waffles, which I did not regret. The place also has a really good organic store next door.
If you are in pain, this is definitely the place that you need to go. The first visit is completely free. This is my second review! This is the best place and I feel awesome!
Everything great, makes veggies a welcome surprise.  What a great patio and friendly staff.
Another amazing meal today! A great way to start my week happy food and happy people. A chill patio and great vibes!
Great Vegan place with all fresh items with staff that is super friendly and make the meal that much better. We ate  on the patio and enjoyed the great weather and one of the most enjoyable vegan lunches we have both have had.
Awesome hummus and vegan breakfast burrito. We sampled 4 different side salads. Each was delectable.The smoothie was worth trip by itself :)
My new favorite spot for British pubs. The food is decent. Drink is affordable compared to other prices on the strip yet close to the strip. Check out their Tuesday specials. I had a fun time with friends here.
I only came to this place because my friend gets his pedi here. I should've known not to trust it but I was running short on time and the location was convenient. Needless to say I will not be coming back here. The wait was awful they need more staff. The gentleman that did my pedicure acted like he was scared to touch feet and used the softest touch ever. I didn't like my pedi at all and can't wait to go back to my regular nail salon. Waste of my time and money.  My tip *Don't come here
Their drive is the worst. It takes anywhere 20 to half an hour. The don't even say sorry for the delay not thank you. This is the last time I'm coming to this location. After waiting in the drive trough 30 min I picked up my order which l I was missing my side orders.  Don't get fool again in going to this place. Tropical smoothly you get big fat F.
Worse service ever. We waited 40 mins for breakfast. 1 star is generous. You are better off making your own breakfast at home. The hostess was rude.
Love tjmax I just bought some great items there.. All of those items were under 5.00 I'm not a bargain Hunter but I love good deals..
Fabulous Ginger Miso Grilled Salmon!!! Great staff as well
Best breakfast in the Old Scottsdale area.There service under the new owners is terrific. The food is delicious and fresh. The new menu had so many fantastic choices.Try the red velvet pancakes or peanut butter French toast.
Great food and love their menu for my pooch! This is our 3rd time in two weekends! Really like the wait staff and atmosphere. Will keep coming back!
Sooooooo sloooooowwww. Breakfast Club is way better and worth the wait...waitress took 20 min to get me my champagne. Food was just average. Not worth $50 ...
The people here are really friendly. Great job!!! Keep up the good work. I didn't wait for very long at all. I would recommended this Urgent Care to anyone on the West side.
The place smells weird and the pizza was burnt.  Salad was swimming in dressing and the girls behind the counter are snacking on the gelato while we look at the menu.
Great food! Great prices! And fabulous customer service! We will be back, for sure! They even have TV'S at each booth to keep kids entertained. Gelato looks amazing as well. The hubby says it's the freshest pizza in town, can't believe we waited so long to try.
Simply..... The best food for the real refined pallet.  Food is by far best in phoenix for the style. Seriously, a real culinary delight.  The environment changes by the hour.  Going from more of a formal dinner to a club atmosphere.
Hours....Wednesday - Saturday:10am-5pmThis is a natural hair care salon. i drove up to the Rare Essence Studio from Tucson just to have my hair braided in November 2013 after a stylist in Denver highly recommended them to me. It was well worth the drive.  One of the first things that I notice about a salon is the cleanliness. I was pleasantly delighted that the salon was VERY clean.Essence was my stylist. She is truly professional. I was going to be traveling overseas for a few weeks and she took the time to explain to me which styles would hold well as well as how to maintain the style for optimum appearance and health of my hair. She only concentrated on one customer at a time and gave them her full attention. All of the stylists in the salon seem to be very polite and knowledgeable AND they seemed to get along thus making the atmosphere very welcoming and pleasant.It's best to check the website or give the salon a call to get a specific idea of how much the style will cost that you're interested in. The prices were very reasonable and they also have a nice selection of natural hair care products.
The worst Italian food I've ever had.  The lasagna I literally wouldn't feed to an animal. I'm not exaggerating.
One of our family favs for delicious, plentiful, inexpensive meals...my daughters all time fav is chicken parm. No one does it better!
This location was a disappointment   The location on Park Road is better. From parking to food. Over all more of a hassle of wait and mediocre food. I had a chicken dish and my wife had a pasta entree. Both did not compare to the Park Road location. I do not plan on going back. Maybe we went on an off day and it was just bad luck. If I go back I will update this post.
Incredible food. Fair price. Impeccable service. There is usually a wait to sit so be sure to have a beer or a bottle of wine at the Vintner next door.
Your typical hibachi/sushi house, with very good if slightly overpriced food. Soup, salad and shrimp were great, NY strip hibachi seemed dry.
gotta try this place again, tried it back in Chicago, didn't like it. Been about 4 years, let me try again in Vegas...i tried it again, not a big fan. Maybe it's the bread, or the weird guy behind the counter, but i probably won't be going back.
Love the staff. They know my order, always have smiles and the food is just awesome. I always get the number 7, lettuce and mayo only. Maybe one day I'll be adventurous and try something new. I do wish that they still had potato salad and macaroni salad.
Interesing dishes and flavors.  Decent prices and excellent service.  Not sure this is mexican, doesn't taste like anything I've had before.
Service has become slow and poor. Food still ok. We had to ask for water 5 times by walking up to waitress. Took a long time for bill. They need more service help now.
Fast and very professional!I called about a plugged sink drain which Ryan immediately fixed (doing several tests to make sure there were no leaks when all was put back together). He went  the extra mile and ensured that the dishwasher was plumbed correctly.
Excellent people, excellent timing and excellent care! My son and I went in and out in a matter of an hour tops. Everyone who left there seemed to be very grateful as well.
Most honest mechanic ever. Top quality work certified professional! Always provides the best advice and uses best parts quality. Luis is the man!
Very happy with my cut!                                                            Great service.
Why is it my first visit?!!Really why have I left this until now?Lovely interior inside this branch.  Space is minium, so you may have to share a table.  Was doing a little research on scones that day as i heard they do a spelt scone, so you know the score - I had to try it out.The Spelt Scone.  It was nice.  To me it had an aftertaste of salt or bicarb of soda. Maybe both. We also had to share the raspberry cream bun, which was nicely covered with puncy raspberries, but no cream (It's either been soaked up by the bun itself or there was nine to start off with).To me the coffee was the champion here.  My mum really enjoyed her latte macciato and i enjoy my cappucino.  Defo a plce for a good coffee and it's going onto my "good place, good coffee" list.
Best buffalo chicken pizza I have ever had in my entire life. Also the best and only ranch I use. Couldn't live without this place
French authenticity in the heart of Pittsburgh.You'll want to spend at least two hours here, savoring the exquisite food, the artful ambiance, and, if you're lucky, a great conversation with David (tall, thin, with an accent "Da-VID") who knows what he's serving you.The owner (Dave, yes another David) has lived abroad for a long time, and he clearly loves the restaurant business. We went on a Friday night, and it wasn't crowded. But make reservations!! (They're on Open Table).The food was incredible. I'll be going back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
Good food! Fast and friendly! Food was great! Service was fast and friendly! They have one of those mix your flavor coke machines that my wife loves too!
Clean facilities with great food and service. Love that I can call ahead and they will have it ready for us to pick up.
Awesome installation of new AC/Heat pump systems.Very professional and also great at follow up to check on your satisfaction. I would recommend McCalls without hesitation.
Excellent coffee and service. The cafe is a small one with 3 tables so best as a take away place. We had two flat whites to go and they were very well done. The cafe also sells their own beans
Excellent food.. Great people working behind the counter.. The pita are always fresh and there is never a long wait for your food. And the owner is almost always the one taking your order.
Awesome food and very friendly staff and always nice and clean ! Got the nr 1,8,3  and the brushetta yum !
Delicious food and truly delightful workers. One of the workers noticed I was almost out of their delicious sauce and offered to bring me another! Didn't even know I could get more. Love this place
Excellent food, excellent prices!  We got the falafel and beef and both were delicious!  I'll be coming back here for sure!
Great gyros, pita bread and falafel. Very friendly service and clean restaurant. Highly recommend to anyone looking for good Mediterranean food.
Love this place, they own a price of my heart, love the chicken shawarma and garlic sauce.
best staff, clean place, open kitchen, amazing food, great prices... five stars!! can you make it six stars? I'm getting hungry as I'm writing this review!! the gyros are sooo good, the meat is tender and the hummus is so amazing!! the rice is great! I rarely stray from the gyro cause it's perfect!
Great prices and great service. I came in for a gel manicure and pedicure, the staff helped me right away. The salon was clean and organized and I was really pleased with my nails. I will definitely be back.
Clean fast very good food that you'll enjoy more than once cause you return . A + I eat here several times per week and enjoy breakfast burritos as welk as combo plates.  Its a nice atmosphere with nice employees.  Even my kids enjoy the food.
Great cut and conversation. Breanna is a pleasure and I look marvelous. We traveled all the way across town to see her and we were not disappointed.
The Mexican street food is outta bounds
Great food!! Great bar!!!  Friendly wait staff and bartenders. Love the ambiance I recommend you try everything on the menu. I my favorite is the three cheese quesadilla.
Great pizza and staff. First time here took Jacqueline's advice great recommendations very good service and food
Taste just like back home New YorkAnd the service is awesome, took him only 10min to make that perfect pizza
Ahhhh, they sucked.  Ordered a pizza on line while driving back from the desert to pickup on the way back to the hotel.  Walked in on time.  They opened the pizza oven to pull out the pizza and it was burned to a cinder.  Not sure how they couldn't see the smoke coming out of the oven.  The comedy was watching them blame each other for the screwup.  All I wanted was a pizza pie and I got a Archie Bunker episode.  They put another pizza in and here we sit and sit.  Highly NOT recommended.Got the pizza and it was good.
Good sturdy breakfast with a friendly staff. The pumpkin pancakes are very good. I usually get the mixed grill with kielbasa and American cheese, and it's certainly a full plate.   The raisin toast is also very good, and they have grits!
The BMOC is pretty big compared to the other entrees. It was a very interesting mixture of sweet and some salty. Quite unique.The place is casual, hip and charming. Really nice atmosphere.
The best coffee I've ever had!! I also had the French toast w honey, marscapone cheese and grated apple. So delicious and the atmosphere is trendy and everyone working there was so friendly
Best breakfast place in Phoenix! Good prices and every dish is delicious. The atmosphere really makes it special. They have fresh flowers on the tables and even a candle burning in the neatly decorated restroom. Definitely better than any chain breakfast restaurants around.
The best biscuits and gravy I've ever had. The best biscuits and gravy I've ever had.  The best biscuits and gravy I've ever had.  The best biscuits and gravy I've ever had.
The best brunch in Phoenix. BMOC was amazing and full of great flavor!It took less than 10 mins until our freshly cooked meal was ready in front of us, from the time we walked in the door. Best pork chop ever!!!!
Apparently they forget to add chicken to the chipotle chicken burrito. I'll remind them next time
David at the front desk is awesome. Thanks Jake for patiently shuttling us around. Every time I asked for assistance the staff went above and beyond to meet my needs.
Great food. Huge portions. The spiciness was perfect (medium) and the waiter was great!
Great taste with quick service. Food taste out of the world!! Tandoori Chicken is favorite. As well chille Chicken. Recommended for other.
Always professional.  Have nothing but good things to say about staff. The tattoo removal hurts but not as much as getting it.  Consultation was informative and went through the entire process with me before my treatment.  Really like its all natural products used. The nice thing is the tattoo is going to be gone in a few weeks and not just faded.  Have a few more bad tattoos i am going to have removed.  I will be back for sure.
Nice and clean rooms staff is very friendly. I will highly recommend this hotel. Out of all the places I stay at this is the best
This place is closed. A new one appeared E Bell an Tatum SE cornerFed up with the to short reviews. Really sometimes there isn't much more to say
Knowing is half the battle!
My Lily looks fabulous!   I will definitely be back!   Recommending to all my friends. Great rates too!
Just went there for nails before my wedding and they were great!!! Go check them out! Very nice and helped us in every way!
We are a bit spoiled with sushi in Chicago and didn't expect much - but were pleasantly surprised.  Excellent sushi, very fresh and pure, seaweed salad is unrivaled.
best marshmallows I have ever had I will be buying again and soon as ever flavour I got was out of this world
Place was ok good selection of beer but location is a lil stupid i meen its in a grocery store so kinda weird also people were rude and unhelpful
Great olive bar, great options, quality sushi. You get what you pay for here!And you can't forget the beer!
Hair in food and it wasn't mine...., enough said!!!!!!service was at a snails pace. Here for 4 days and will have to avoid this place!!
A must try! So many flavored it's impossible to choose!  Super fun for kids and adults!
Love it!!! Great prices!! Millions of flavors. The staff is friendly!! A great outing after dinner to finish the day
Excellent spot, service is friendly and fast, great ambiance.Matt, the owner, is behind the bar, he makes this place stand out. And make sure to try the fries, they are exquisite!
Profiter de la terrasse si possible.Tout simplement débile comme place pour aller déjeuner. Le service était parfait et la nourriture excellente même si le menu semble étrange par ses combinaisons. Oubliez votre régime le temps d'un repas, car la vie est trop courte pour se priver de manger au moins une fois dans ce restaurant. En été, je vous conseille fortement la terrasse, car je trouve l'intérieur un peu étourdissant (avis personnel). Bref, une chance qu'il y avait les boutiques autour pour me permettre de marche et de digérer me déjeuner hautement calorique. À vous de découvrir ce restaurant.
AWESOME PLACE!! Original menu items!! Go there!! Just go! Just GOAnd I'd say when you go, get the French toast and fried chicken, if he has it, the bourbon lemonade and a cafe mocha...
Used to be the Raddison I guess...I am conflicted about the hotel... There are certain things that were just bad-the desk clerk told us breakfast was from 6-1030 when it was 630-10 and we get downstairs at 10:10 and had to go until lunch on empty stomachs-the door to the bar from the pool was broken (automatic sliding door) so we had to pry it open every time we wanted a drinksome things were okay-clean rooms-quiet area (but kind of far from downtown which is were we had to go every morning)-outdoor seating by the poolsome things were good-waterfalls in the pool-fridge and microwave in the room-beach volleyball court it averages out to 3 stars
Awesome gym, awesome trainers, awesome people!  Love this place.  This place is for everyone from beginners to beasts.  The trainers help you with the exercises to help meet your fitness level.  They also provide an awesome nutrition class that helps you to understand why food is so important and how to make the necessary changes in your life.  The motto is "Better Every Day".  Just get better each day and this place helps you do that.  Take it from someone who has struggled with weight most of her adult life.  This place will help you if you are ready for a change.
Order 95 ten signature drink. We loved this place. It was super cozy and the happy hour was great. Our waiter was super sweet and attentive. We will deffinatly be back
Yep. It's a gas station. The same Terribles as every other corner of Las Vegas. They have mediocre coffee, three kinds of gas, and High Gravity tall boys. They have Swisher Sweets, Mountain Dew, Slim Jims, and all the other items you'd expect to find at your local convenience store.
Great place with good selection for young riders too ! Very helpful staff. Location a bit off the track but plenty of parking.great place to just browse around and look for some treasures .
Beautiful space & relaxed vibe.  Nice place to relax and sip an Italian soda.
Everything from soup to nuts. Lots of interesting people and deals.  Long line to get in in the morning if you're selling.  Plan on a 90 minute wait regardless of what time you get there (prior to them opening that is).  It's well organized, the facilities are clean, general merchandise and some fresh veggies, etc.  Good central location at 55th ave 7 Bethany Home Road.  Give it a try!
Always friendly and very clean. They just opened a new 24/5 salon right next to my gym and it's so convenient. The guy that works the early morning shift is always nice and seems to take pride in his job.
Good selection, great prices...More and more healthy choices, gluten free, organic, low carb... Ect.Outstanding deli!
It recently opened so it doesn't smell quite as bad as the venerable Asian markets on this side of town, but by mid-winter it'll be properly seasoned.You know what proprietors of Asian supermarkets are failing at miserably? Having someone in the store at the peak shopping hours to demonstrate how to cook with ingredients that might be unfamiliar to non-Asians. Arizona is full of rubes, but rubes like to eat tasty cherimoya and bok choy and tilefish, too! They're just afraid of it because it's "unknown". I wish they'd do that kind of thing here.I was impressed with the variety of Filipino and Caribbean items that they stock. They even sell Ting! soda. However, the aisles are kinda unorganized and it's not such an intuitive shopping experience.Noodles, rice, produce- it pays to be these things in bulk. The frozen Bao were not my favorite, (actually the Bao at Trader Joe's taste better) but the pot stickers turned out to be a value. Yeah, sometimes I do feel a bit of that "you not Asian, why you here?" vibe, but it's minimal and IDGAF anyhow. Some common Asian or Hispanic ingredients can be found cheaper at a supermarket, but the variety here is amazing.
Our last stop on the Arizona Brewpub trail.  FATE did not disappoint.  It had the most interesting and varied Beers by far.Strawberry Rhubarb Berliner Weisse!  A beer that smells like cheese - which I wouldn't think would be a good thing - but what do you know..  So Good.  Try a Chocolate Chili Milk Stout for dessert. Waiter told us that they keep the beer selection pretty fresh - coming up with new ideas all the time.20 minute wait on Thursday night was OK.  Staff was friendly.  Pizza, Burgers and Salads held the standards well above average bar fare.  Kind of "out of the way" in a little strip mall, it was worth the trip.
Wow. This is the best milk stout I've ever tasted. Definitely coming back. Pizza was good too.
Fantastic pizza, and even better beer. Do yourself a favor and go here. Honestly. So good, I've gone two nights in a row.Their Imperial IPA is right up there with the best (e.g Stone Ruination).  Their Imperial Coffee Milk Porter is second to none - real coffee flavor. Nice and small, cozy, friendly... love it!
Brandon is the best!!!! Try the Zach Attack pizza it is amazing! This place makes you feel like family.
It's like heaven in a brick and mortar building!!!!  Everything my family and I have ever eaten from there is beyond scrumptious!!!
Bar area is a great scene! Go there if youre in a social mood though, not when youre trying to feed your face;-) I totally couldnt get the guy next to me to chill! The salmon was really good, and they had a great wine selection!
Place very nice but service is very bad, long wait, food is bad too. Prices very high even for this restaurant. I will never come back here again.
All Holidays are 50% off red tags!  Red tagged items are the higher end/brand name merchandise.Sunday there are always 2 colors that are 50-75% off and I get most all of my little girls clothes here for $.75- $1.00 for Justice, Circo, Roxy, American Eagle, GAP, and Hollister brands.  For shoes I've picked up several cute sandals, the popular Twinkle Toe Sketchers, and even Steve Madden boots for $3-$5.Clothes are organized by color so if you need a particular color it's really convenient.  The racks are separated by Men, Women, and Kids.  You have to do some digging but I always find a treasure or two here!
Hannah is amazing. She is friendly and will walk you through every step! Two thumbs up :)
I think removing the word urgent is appropriate. Prepare to wait for quite awhile.. Especially for something as little as a drug screening. It's a very popular area for business to do their drug screening since it is right by the airport. The staff was courteous for the most part. Some of the staff seems young and nervous.. But as far as service goes, they kept it professional and organized.
BYOB. Check the website for the beer/wine policy and then come and enjoy! Love that we have this intimate jazz club in downtown Phoenix, and they're all about inviting novices along with the jazz aficionados. No pretensions here - just good music in a comfortable setting.
Great show. Highly recommend. If you have the opportunity to take a pic please do. The performer was really nice to meet the audience #MJLive
Drinks with the office!  Good food, seemed like video poker was hit at this place! Food was good but typical for 24/7 bar food!
As any other metro station here, clean and safe. The staff is very helpful. Everything is functional and always on time.
Delicious! Beef Shwarma Pita. Already planning my return!It's tri-tip steak marinated and grilled. Truly delicious.
Friendliest owner and staff. We love the food and atmosphere. The pitas are so fresh, and the wraps are so flavorful!
Beat gyros I ever had! The pitas here are amazing! We always buy extra pitas to take home. The service is so friendly.
Great! Chick-fil-A in NCGreat service. Great food! And flowers on the tables - does it get any better? The service was friendly and patient - even with my craziness - they always seem to smile. The restaurant was clean and given we had arrived during the lunch hour everything was speedy.
I went there for lunch and luckily we had a reservation because it was a full house. Took the 13,50$ lunch which was absolutely delicious but the portion was small for the price. I had an excellent falafel brochette & grilled feta. If it wasn't so expensive, I'd go back for sure.
Wafts of Mesquite wood as you walk in... food clearly made with love and good technique! The staff was super nice and welcoming, too.The green-lipped Mussels were of very good quality, and I enjoyed my Falafel wrap which came with a small bonus salad. A satisfying meal, and I look forward to coming back for more!
Great place to buy and car and feel like family! They always treat me so well. The sales guys there are so fun to work with! Doesn't even feel like you are at a car dealership !
I would eat here every day if I could. Best Thai in the valley.  I love the pad thai!
Love love this place.I've been having lunch and dinner here since the day they opened.Family owned and very friendly to their customers.
Have been here a few times now, diverse menu, great food, and healthy options. Always looking forward to coming back.
You have to try this place. First time was a great time. I can't wait to go back. Everything was very good and fresh.
Wonderful, helpful and always thinking of their clients! Mr Gerber will personally handle your case. With almost 20 years of experience, you are in great hands!
Nicely done!! Finally found a salon in this area that does a decent mani pedi!! The staff is very friendly and everything's very clean! Its maybe a few dollars more expensive than some of the other salons in that area but its definitely worth it!!
Seriously the best service I've received in a very long time. I ordered what the server recommended and everything was absolutely phenomenal. Will definitely be back again and again.Forgive me for not having proper combo names;Pork Summer Rolls: really good, fresh tasting. The veggies were crumchy and the sausage was flavorful. The peanut sauce was a nice touch as well. Not a thick thai-satay style sauce, but thin with a touch of vinegar. Grilled Chicken platter with shrimp cake and egg roll: AMAZING. Can chicken really taste this good? I wasn't sure that I'd like the shrimp cake at first, but the taste was amazing- not at all mushy like I had expected. The egg roll left much to be desired, but I overlooked that.Combination Pho: Brisket, raw thin sliced beef, tendon, and beef balls. The soup was really nice and light- perfect if you like your soup plain or gives you plenty of room for "improvement" if you like mixing your soup to taste. The service was what really put this place over the top. Our server, I regret not to have asked his name, not only helped me choose every aspect of my meal but also helped to mix the sauce that went over the dish and give me tips on how I'm supposed to eat it. Really nice guy.
Bun Bo hue.  Killer. Rolls awesome. Pork chops are frigging delish.I love a great bowl of steaming soupy goodness.  this by far had the best broth in Vegas.  It might even be the cleanest I have ever eaten.  The beef knee is so tender and has wonderful collagen chewiness.If you have a huge night and are really hungover have the pho or even better get the Bun Bo Hue with the rice noodles.  So good it hurts me that this is so far away.
It's ok pho. Not much ingredients and broth pretty plain but overall ok. Service not good, won't even separate our tab.
Closed on WEDNESDAYs!!!!Their Nem Nuong Cuon is better then the places in Cali.  Yum!
Terrible terrible food!!!!! I can't believe it has 4 stars! Chicken didn't look or taste like chicken, not sure what it was. Vegetarian pho smelled like beef. I would never go back even if they paid me to eat it.
Fantastic food.Yum !Yum!When your in Vegas try it!!Love the coffee with sweet milk!!
Very good food & the best iced coffee ever! It's at a convenient location too. I remember it was about 10 - 15 minutes away from Rio hotel. We are pleased with the food & service.
Oh, so good! Excellent, really really good. Sunday night dinner out. Cold night, warm soup and green tea. Perfect remedy for December.
Understaffed !!Peak season and completely understaffed. Went for dinner Sunday evening @ 6:30 and waited for everything  forever. Customers were walking in and walking out. How does this happen ?? Take a lesson from Local Bistro.
Absolutely wonderful!! Check out the Happy Hour! The atmosphere is fun and upbeat ! The food is delicious!
Absolutely wonderful!! Green Chili Pork - amazing! Plus the best burger in town! Great service !!!
They serve Ellis Island Microbrews!!! Decent eats while in the Las Vegas Airport. The outter bar has outlets. Food was not badly priced for an airport. The microbrews were reasonably priced. Got the burger and fries and it was tasty! Amber microbrew was a great compliment to it!
They told me they don't have NBC and couldn't put the game on a TV...seriously. Just tell me the thruth, that you don't want to put the game on. Don't lie to me and act like I'm stupid.
Don't get the potato skins... They are dry and disappointing. Good popcorn with real butter is nice though! I prefer epicenter...but this is convinient to those who live in the Providence area.
I have one word: gross. I got sick when I went there from their chicken tenders. The only thing good on thief menu is popcorn.
Oh how I love being treated like livestock by the government. Favorite thing ever.  Despite the typical attention you would expect from a place that's run like the MVD (or really any government establishment), the Phoenix Social Security Administration really wasn't too terrible.  Arriving before noon is your best bet and bringing a book or something to do while you're waiting is highly recommended, considering you'll most likely be there for at least an hour.  Getting there early also helps you to avoid having to sit near an abandoned dirty diaper or someone with 3 young kids running around unsupervised.  If you have a bag, they will search it, but I wasn't treated like a potential terrorist (see: TSA), so I can't complain.  The lady who helped me was relatively cheerful, and answered all my questions without giving me attitude.  Much like a doctor's office, I found the wait and the dread of what was to come to be the worst part; once the procedure was finished, I was glad I wouldn't need to return any time soon, but also quite pleased that it was relatively painless.
This establishment is NOT GAY friendly! !!!!  my partner & I away for being gay!!!!!  If i could i would give zero stars!!!!!  So in short my hate crime of a  experience today!!!  My partner and I attempted to go here but instead we were met with hate from the security guard. I  was wearing my legalize gay shirt and since my partner and I are married we of course live together there for our IDs have the same address. apparently two women can't live together. he was informed of her being my wife, rolled his eyes! mind you we are both well over the age to drink. offered my passport he said no!! so we were denied access b/c we have the same address is that really the reason? Horribly that was my wife first gay hate experience which broke my heart!!! we left went to casey moore's we i was complemented on my shirt and had a great time!!!
Great beer, great service in a neighborhood that deserves more (positive) attention. A good mix of solid standard beer and mead styles as well as varieties that range from a little different to revolutionary.
Happy Hour: 50% off rolls, $3 garlic chicken, $3 spicy garlic edamame, and $5 tempura rock shrimp salad. Yum!!
The 5 and 21 piece sashimi is sublime. loved all the recommended rolls here.  I didn't have a bad roll.   Very cool place, great service, only ding I have is its a little boxy in there, the place just isn't as warm as it could be, but the good news is its not the food or service, that's 5 star.
Had a great meal with family here!! Service was wonderful and food was GREAT!!! Good times!
Amazing food , incredible drinks, delicious we will be back soon!!!! If you like sushi, short ribs, excellent sake drinks, this is your place.
Great quality, a bit pricey but well worth the cost. If you want cheap go to pizza pizza.
Loved our experience!! The salon is beautiful and service is prompt.  After not being helped at another location, this was our next stop. So glad we found it!!!
The meat was very tough. Over priced for serving sizes. Cashier was rude as well. Won't be going back to this place again.
Horrible customer service manager Morgan was extremely rude.  After leaving my daughter on hold for over 20 minutes, she was unapologetic and unhelpful
Dropping off another donation!!  Feels to good to get the stuff out of the house!
Très beau resto comparé à celui de Boucherville,Notre serveur a fait un travail impeccable,  pas trop rapide et ni trop lent, il apportait nos demande à un rythme parfait.Le goût et la qualité des plats est surprenante, Bravo!
Always great service. So nice and friendly and do a great job with my dry cleaning.  If I need something cleaned quickly they always help me out.
They were very nice but my nails were very thick. I'm not sure if it was the product but I had issues with my nail coming completely off. I went to one place for over a year and never had one lift so I stopped going.
I go almost every day. Fantastic food and even better service! I personally am a fan on their chicken bacon ranch wrap. But it's hard not to get pizza too. So many great choices!
Best pedicure my mom and I have ever had!! Very reasonably priced. Great stone massage and good chairs. Very friendly and not rushed at all!
The food was excellent and Dona was great. We were in the area getting our car serviced, and decided to give this place a go. We got the French toast and 2 eggs with bacon and toast, and it was great! We'll definitely come back. Dona also does catering, which I'm sure is fantastic.
Ridiculously good. The combinations are endless! Leave your will power at the door.They change their 70 plus flavors all the time so you get a different great taste every time!Look out dairy queen... there is a new girl in town!  Thanks Rita!
These guys are AWESOME!  My bulldogs will never stay anywhere else!!!The staff is amazing and friendly!They take great care of my furry friends!!!
Love the office staff and eye wear selection.  Sharon Rocks!!!  We saved a ton of money because their office is VSP preferred.  If you have VSP insurance you should definitely visit this office.
Great price fast turnaround , great qualityI've been using them for a couple years now They have state of the art equipment and gear designers
That's damaged our car. All they were was sorry and I get to have repaired. Attempted to resolve but got no where.
Great food, decent prices! Excellent for brunch but get here early! We like to come and sit at the bar. This time I got the crabby omelet, biscuits and gravy, and a waffle. They were all excellent. I highly recommend the double mimosa too ;)
Just met Natalie. Like this place!The food was decent here but the service, decor and vibe made up for it pushing me to give it a 4 star. Natalie is the owner and she is awesome. Probably go back for her and the good tunes.
What a great place in old downtown. Shrimp and Grits were awesome. Love the design on the inside.
Truffle egg sandwich kills me every time. I haven't eaten anything there that I didn't really enjoy. Appetizers, breakfast, lunch, and even the juice.
Grits! Ask them not to put onions on top, and to bring butter and maple syrup, unhealthy heaven...We visited this place twice recently, once on a Tuesday morning, which was a five star visit, and then once on Saturday, which was a one and a half star experience, so I am averaging them out. Our first visit was in a large group, with four adults and three boisterous children, the waiter was unperturbed by our large group and we were seated pretty quickly at the communal table. I had the veggie burger, which was more of a large toasted sandwich of indescribable deliciousness, and an orange juice which, although "regular" in size was large and pulp free and quite wonderful. One of our friends had the shrimp & grits dish which she absolutely loved as well. The service was good, the food arrived quickly and the multiple servings of grits which my daughter mowed through were hot, scrumptious and seemingly bottomless.Now, Saturday... we waited an exceedingly long time for a table, the hostess told us it would be around 30 minutes, and we were seated in the busiest thoroughfare more than 45 minutes later. The waitress brought our menus, which were considerably smaller than the weekday menu and distinctly lacking in vegetarian options, and then disappeared for an extended period. We asked if they could do the veg burger but they said no, and at this point I didn't want to wait at another restaurant so we decided to stay, I eventually decided on the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo, which does not come with chips - this was not noted on the menu where it actually says that all sandwiches are served with chips or potato salad, but when I asked after the chips I was told they would be an additional side and that the soup, which was part of the meal on the menu, was in fact a side I had ordered. This was a rather awkward exchange and I gave up on my lovely chips. The soup was thin, and the cheese was lurid orange, plasticky processed American cheese instead of the "sharp cheddar" on the menu. This made me sad. The bread is doorstop thick and soft, which is a perk. We felt very rushed, and they brought the check before we had finished eating, or, in fact ordering, as well as removing dishes before we had finished eating. Its a really fabulous place to eat, during the week, but give the weekends a miss.
Great food a must try while in Vegas!  Excellent breakfast! Everything here is fresh and it's a great escape from the buffet's or subpar food you will have while in Vegas.
The best breakfast place in town!!!! Good food, good vibe, and amazing atmosphere! Downtown is the place to be for breakfast!
The service is great. Wonderful atmosphere. Food is kind of bland.It's a very small restaurant.
Always fresh & great.  Be prepared to wait and have all patrons in your party present or you won't get sat down.
Love it here! Great service and great food! The only thing is that I wish it was open longer. I love their chicken sandwich, grilled cheese and their chips. The owner is lovely and so is the atmosphere.
We have been here about 5 times and each time it's just as good. The menu looks simple but each item is made from heaven itself!
Had an amazing breakfast with great service! Will be back when I come to town! The eggs were amazing and the pancakes a very scrumptious! A little bit from the main drag but worth the cab ride!
Amazing deviled eggs, but limited availability!The Downtown Benny is savory and awesome but only available in the morning because they run out.
Great place... I love it the cinnamon biscuits are the best. I eat there almost every week great food and wonderful service
Great service and exceptional food. I recommend the deep fried deviled eggs. The homemade jelly was also worth mentioning.
This was worth it! Awesome service and great food! Right on Carson!!!! You must try this while in Vegas!
Another great breakfast. This place is truly a diamond in the rough.I alway get the Sam I Am, the pesto and arugula make this breakfast sandwich taste super fresh. I tried my husband's pancakes this time and they were  amazing. We've never had a bad experience here. The staff is friendly and the inside of the restaurant is so cute. We drive from Surprise and it's totally worth it.
The worse hair cut ever. Dirty shop. I never had a hair cut as bad as the one I had today.  I am not sure why some people gave it 4 or 5 stars unless they are friends.  I will never go back again
Great customer service and very trustworthy mechanics. And I would recommend this shop.
Awesome service always goes above and beyond!! I recommend this service center highly
I always recommend this place to everyone! Always they best prices & quality work. Best place in Phoenix.
Quick in and out. Loved the customer service too!Will come back soon for other things!
Awesome breakfast/lunch. Always fast and always good. Definitely check out this place for a Greek omlete or eggs Benedict.
Wasn't as good as everyone said it was. Very disappointed. We went for breakfast and the French toast was burnt, the pancakes were like a frisbee and eggs Benedict was terrible. Greasy. Yuck!  Not in any hurry to go back.
A thrift store with a large selection of clothes , household items , books etc. A little high priced, for somewhat mediocre merchandise, but it does go to support a charitable foundation
Get the pretzel foudue! - this place was great and a great suprise, we didn't know it was here.
In the lobby of the Hard Rock Hotel, this place is trendy chic meets BBQ Steakhouse.  The staff a a bunch of young hip cute kids who move fast, and give friendly helpful service with a smile.  The menu has lots of good options of comfort foods. I would call it comfort food chic.They have some really tasty options in beers too. We had the fresh made chips with the onion dip, which was tasty. I had Meatloaf dinner and they even add the grilled the bread I wanted without a problem. Perfectly tasty!! My husband says the ribs are good, coleslaw excellent but $27?? Get a blue berry beer while you wait.
Pretzel Fondue...meat and cheese plate and meatloaf oh my! :)  It was a nice gesture for the GM to bring down the projector screen for us during the Stanley Cup Finals... hi-five GM.
The soft pretzels are a must do! The staff is always friendly and accomodating (during restaurant week one of the menu items that I wanted to try was not on the menu. In speaking with the chef I mentioned wanting to try it and he said he would kindly make the substitution for me). With all around good choices on the menu, they have one of the best outside dining experiences that I have been to so we enjoy coming here in the spring months for the atmosphere.
Lots of hustle and bustle. Live music Friday and Saturday nights. The guy that plays the music on Saturday night is ridiculously talented. I'm going to go there some Saturday night just to eat pretzels with the cheese fondue and listen to that guy perform.
Great food! Try the chicken meatballs. They were delicious. I don't like raw fish... But they are really kind about cooking the shrimp and crab legs in garlic butter so I suggest it to anyone who loves seafood.
Food and drinks were delicious.   Cool hanging outside.  Great atmosphere. The mussels are a must have.
My go to spot when visiting Las Vegas! Great breakfast! Every time I stay at the Hard Rock it's a must!
I always find the best treasures here! The staff is friendly and the store is clean! 50% days are a little to busy, so I try and stay away on those days!
Excellent service, food, and margaritas!!! I would come here anytime!! I highly recommend the street tacos!! Great cilantro and ask for fresh jalapenos!!!
Great Chinese food. Great atmosphere and good portions. I'm so glad there is one up north now in the rain tree/101 shopping center hell.
First time here.  They have light choices & you can customize your dish!  Lots of spicy sauce  & protein choices!  Something for everyone in your group!  I ordered steamed veggies with tofu and brown rice and it was not only delicious but healthy too!  The veggies were cooked just right, still crunchy and yet soft enough???  The broccoli sauce that accompanied the veggies had some broccoli stalks and light and not too salty, slight thickened and browned with soy sauce.  For what I paid, around $8.00, I had a nice hearty healthy meal and I could eat only half of it so I will eat it again tomorrow for lunch!
I don't usually eat here but I stopped today. All I have to say is-It really Shouldn't take 15 minutes for a to go order of white rice!
I've never seen so many beers in my life. And try the tacos stuffed with mashed sweet potatoes, green chilis and cheese.  YUM!  The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon and now I know why.  So many more things to try on our next visit AND definitely a lot more beer to try!  I loved my beer, its #31...some Pilsner thing.  Perfect for me.
Great handles! Best pop tarts in the world. Lots of fun!The taps rotate often. The patio searing is okay. Overall a great place downtown
Lots of good Oregon beers, should replace Full Sail with Double Mountain.  Food was good.  Fairly high hipster quotient, it'd be right at home in Portland.
Best buffet on strip! Hands down! As a huge fan of Wicked Spoon, I had doubts that Bacchanal would surpass Wicked spoon, but it far surpassed it in every way.  The variety of food is AMAZING. Everything from Asian to Mexican to Deli meats & cheeses, they seriously offer a WIDE variety of food. Try the big slabs of Bacon and Sweet Potato Tots! I recommend having a big appetite coming here. Biggest it's the newest (and best thing) you need to know something about going.  If you're a diamond/seven stars, you can bypass the line and get in quickly so you can really go anytime you want.  Or for $10/person extra you can get a "fast pass" and pass the line. The general public line can take up to an hour or 90 minutes during peak times so get here early if you don't want to do one of the two above options.
Over rated and over priced! Totally not worth any wait or the $$$$When it come to buffets... I am not a rookie; just FYISorry Bacchanal, I really want to LOVE you, and I am so sad that I did not fall for you.  The buffet is really pricey, even during brunch.  I am am spending about $110 for two, I expect the crab legs not to have ice all over and NOT looking dirty (Wynn The Buffet offer the best crab legs). The Asian food were weak. The sushi wasn't appetizing AT ALL and did not have many fish options; I had some and didn't care for it after two piece. The ramen soup was a waste of calories (I didn't finish the small bowl-- thank goodness).Their dessert bar absolutely did not impress me. In fact, I didn't even bother getting anything there--- and that NEVER happens for me. Their meat line was long and I am guessing this place is more for carnivores.  I didn't eat any meat because I hit buffets to eat seafood to get my money worth.  So I can't bash this place for their meat buffet.Vegas buffets are like politics.  Everyone has their own favorite and you can't change their minds.
The wait might be a pain but this place is definitely worth it. Easily one of the best buffets I've been to on the strip. Huge selection of meat and seafood and everything tasted really fresh. I've been to most of the buffets on the strip and this one is easily my new favorite.
Best buffet in Vegas!This is just gonna be a short review since around 1500 ppl have reviewed this place already. Definitely a MUST when you're in vegas!TIPS:The wait could be very hideous; HOWEVER, if you happen to have some good luck and win some gambling moneyyy, LOL there's a express lane for 20$/person! you can SKIP and lined up in front of everyone!I used express lane this time; so instead of waiting in like for 2.5 hrs, i waited 20minutes. :DAWESOME!There're SO many choice! and PLUS, they all tasted REALLY authentic and delicious! i hated when I go to some buffets, though they have variety of choices, but they cannot make ONE DISH right. that's not gonna happen in Bacchanal! :) they have american, italian, middle eastern, japanese and chinese food.Waiters are also very friendly and attentive; even though it's very busy but they will still try to get to you as soon as they can.
I love its all desserts! If I had 2 stomachs, I would eat all of them! Seafood paella and Italian food area were my second choice. I feel like oysters were not fresh for me. I had much better oysters before, so they were kind of disappointment. Overall, good price and a large variety of delightful food.
Desert you cant help!! Dumplings and drunken noodles are highly recommended!! The look in my boyfriend's face when we were here was just soo precious. A bit expensive, but I think its worth it. They have a big selection of food and desert with a great ambience. Loved it!!
First time here. It's pretty good so far.This is a very classic looking buffet. It had a great variety of food, and most of it tasted really delicious.There were jumbo shrimp and cocktail sauce, which were probably my favorite. They were SO GOOD. Very plump and juicy.The downside was that the sushi was AWFUL. It was just very disappointing, because sushi is one of my favorite foods.Overall, I think I would come here again, though.
Even if you're hungover get there early so you don't have to wait in an extremely long line!!! This is without a doubt my favorite buffet in Vegas! I has every type of food and it is so freaking high class. I want to go there again right now! If you're in Vegas and want to know where the best buffet is it is definitely the Bacchanal Buffet at the Caesar's Palace.
The hot crab legs are to die for! So delicious!!! Came here on a Wednesday night around 8pm. No line (thank goodness)! Last time we came, the line was wrapped around, and the wait was about 2 hours! The cost was about $50/ person. I thought that was pretty reasonable considering the amount of variety there was. In Hawaii, you'll easily pay $50 for a buffet that doesn't have half the choices of food. Our waiter was very friendly and always made sure our drinks were filled. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our meal here.
Are you kidding me??????? $62.99 for a buffet!!!!! Enough said....The buffet was wonderful, but not worth $69.99 a person.  Raising rates for Memorial day is shameful!! There are a lot of active and retired military families in Las Vegas.  Seems a bit harsh Caesar's
Great food n desserts! Although sushi are not very good. Macaroons are very delicious.
Not worth the wait! Over 6 hour wait time. Lol. The food is really good, but it is taking longer to get seated. We checked in at 3:45pm on Friday and the estimated seating time was at 10:37pm. They close at 10pm!! The self check-in is useless. When they text you to come in, you still have to wait at least another hour just to pay and get seated. Dinner starts at 3pm. So check in 3-5 hours earlier in a Friday.
I ate a dead fly salad today! Period When I was eating my salad , I saw something drop out of the salad from my mouth. when I looked at it, it was a fly! A dried fly!!! I asked for the manager and she just took away my dish!! What a nice restaurant. I can't imagine how do they prepare the food in the back!!!!Edited. Another manager has contacted me earlier and applogize for the problem and she asked me to visit them again. I overrall i have good experience. I have change from one star to 4 stars.
Hands down the best in Vegas, price kinda sucks but it's worth it. Hot and cold crab legs, claws and oyster bar
Really great place! Like oysters and desserts to death! My boyfriend and I had wonderful time here.
Fancy place, lots of items to choose. Fresh stuffs and lovely dessert. The best buffet I have ever tried.
The best ever buffet in Vegas, Buy the Buffet of Buffet for 55, then upgrade  it to include Bachanal... 24 Hrs continues buffet .... Hahaha...loosen up your belt.
$55 on a buffet, can seem pricey, but the variety and quality of food is worth it. My date and I had great comfortable seats so that helped with the experience as well. My advice, get a booth or at least a table for two on the right side were there isn't much walking traffic. Definitely worth a visit.
I love this place! Food is delicious and I love the bottomless mimosa! They normally have a long line but it's not too long of a wait.
Went here for Valentine's Day it was amazing!!! Every cuisine in one place. I recommend going here the service is amazing
Food is great, lots of excellent choices and very friendly service.I'm definitely coming back and i will recommend it with my friends and family members.
Very delicious food be back here the service is the best waiters are really good definitely will be back here with all my friends thank you buffet
Holy baby Jesus this was amazing. Every bite was delicious. The pasta and Asian section were to die for and the dessert...I mean come on.
Crawfish and spinach enchiladas are pretty good. This is definitely a nice addition to the Gilbert scene. Service was good. I'm sure I'll be back when I'm feeling like a Tequila night.
Fajitas were good and salsa has a great kick.  Good atmosphere and the test kitchen menu adds nice variety.
Excellent food and service.  Love this place!   We had the enchiladas with steak    The guacamole was yummy too.  This is now my favorite Mexican resturant!!!
Glad to have found this Indian place during our home food craving in our 2 month vacation. We left satisfied. Good food and service.
Is there a dress code for the post office psi test? I dont know if im supposed to come in dress to impress or not.
They don't have ranch, don't waste your time... Also the chicken is not nearly as good as everyone says it is...
Thank you Tammy for fixing my hair! I love it! The color is perfect and I am getting lots of compliments!
No red bull and vodka.... We left upon finding this out... Bartender was nice though. I May go back just to see what their drink menu looks like.
If you do one thing at the hard rock - go here. It's awesome. The place is large enough to feel spacious and small enough to feel intimate. Both of which make it for a good time. It's right in the hotel as well. We had breakfast there each morning and there was enough room for all of us. There is a main floor and then a standing area behind it. Stage is in the front center.
Great place it is very good the service was awesome Mike was awesome best service we have ever had. The decor was really nice and the overall atmosphere was great. We had the guacamole which was delicious and the tacos and steak burrito were really good. It was a little on the expensive side but well worth it. For dessert we had the churro torta one of the best things I have eaten. The michelada was really good I would recommend this place
Great place, live music and food trucks out back! Dog friendly and a great place to hang out. Oh yea, and good beer.
Cranky old women work the registers. Otherwise very clean and acceptable.I go here just about everyday, many employees are really nice. But honestly, I  tiringOf the mean cashiers, might start going elsewhere.  Better places to go.
Good food...wonderful bakery...nice selection of healthy foods! Every time I come I always spend more than I anticipated. I love there hot food bar and me and my love swear they have the best carrot cake in town!
Make an appointment for registration....I went in thinking I could just register but there was something wrong with my account. Then 3 hours of my life passed, lunch was eaten, and then I got to talk to someone about the ONE class I needed to schedule. Is there a reason that I needed to talk to someone face to face and not over the phone? I will make an appointment the next time anything happens, that way at least I will know the time to come in and will be seen right away!!!
Great prices and even better sushi. Went in to grab some quick lunch to go and it was super fast. Will most definitely go there more often when I'm in Oakland.
Great food great vibes. I will be back at this location with my good friend Kim. I must also bring my fiancée as well. She'll love it!
Fresh, cheap, fast and you can build your own sushi roll. One of my favorites! Friendly employees as well.
Took 20 minutes for store bought chips and salsa. Enough said. I posted the previous 2 sentences approximately 30 minutes ago as a tip and am still sitting here waiting for my bill (had to hunt down the waitress for it). The place is maybe half full and there are 3 others tables in the same situation as us. There is a table with dishes and half eaten food that hasn't been bussed even though the patrons left half an hour ago. Seriously. Awful.
Good poutine and nice staff . Live the rainbow veggie poutine . The nacho is also great . Philly cheese is another great option . For people that are picky about the fires I could see how it wouldn't be there favorite but I will point out some people like there poutine like that .
Great food, very fresh. Nice change from fast food. The chicken kabob is awesome. Can not wait to try more menu items.
Best kabobs and bread in town!The meat is tender, juicy, and oh so flavorful. The bread is fresh and tasty. Just love this place!
Not a good service, they serve  me the wrong  order.  We drive  back  to obtain  the right  order, and  the  cashier  gets upset  at us, and  started  arguing  with  us, instead  of  helping  us. I suggest  you to please  treat every single  customer  with the same respect.
I would recommend General Tso with noodles and hot and sour soup . Such friendly environment , so welcoming
She was very nice and affordable. Our daughter was happy.definetely recommend.She arrived 15 min earlier...got settled in
Just had the Turkey wrap with corn tomato salsa as a side. It was awesome. Small place, but they recently expanded to have an eating area. Friendly service. I've probably been here 10-12 times now, never disappointed.
Beautiful custom designs!   She uses great vibrant colors!  She makes the event very fun!  You can tell she loves to make others happy!   Would be great for any party, company picnic or other event!
Service was awful. 1 1/2. Hours to get our food! Food was good once we got. This is twice now the service was slow. Lots of excuses why things where slow.
Terrible service. If I could write 0.5 or 0 review I would. The business does not give any benefits to its employees and it shows in the service. People are unhappy about working there. The owner and manager ought to be reported to the better business bureau for their practices.Holding people after their shifts and not paying overtime and holding checks and other contemptible, unethical violations.This place is not a good place to eat either. I'll go somewhere else in the future.
Amazing Customer Service ! The yogurt is amazing ! The best and only place you should get your yogurt
Weather was hot and humid but not a lot of people at this location. Also very overpriced for yogurt. A small yogurt costs $6.
As with any Cirque show this one does not disappoint.  This show is based on a closed down circus acts who are putting on one last show.  The variety of acts was impressive, from the ball bouncer, ring spinning things, hilarious clowns, tight rope walkers, to the flag throwers, and then there is the Wheel of Death...WOW!The music was fascinating, they speak in some unintelligible language, but that adds to the fantasy.  We heard some people complaining behind us, but get a life, it's a FANTASY, relax and enjoy.The seating in the theater was great too, we were in these sofa like chairs that were so comfy and spacious, much different from other theaters, it was great!
Excellent food and great service. So surprised for an airport terminal location. The chicken burrito was well made with just enough spice. Side of  black beans and rice finished it
Best Thai food in the valley and consistent from one restaurant to another!The Thai basil house special sauté is one of my favorites. The red green and yellow curries are marvelous too. Always super fresh ingredients. We'll be back.
First time here and looks realy good and its in a nice little shopping center. The meatball sub was really good. The two girls that work here are very nice and helpful. They have a nice dessert selection. I will be coming back here to try out more of what they have. So far the food has been good I will update when I try more.
Sketchy, smoky, and skanky but great! If you have never been to a dive bar or too snooty to visit one then don't bother going. I saw hustlers, thugs, hoochies, and semi famous people. Its a mashup. They have great cheap drinks and good music.
Nothing special! Typical beer menu nothing out of the ordinary! Got a New Belgium Ben and Jerry's Salted Caramel Brownie beer. Cost 9.75 but got to keep the glass!
Deluxe with extra massage was the most awesome.  The service, the place, the overall was excellent.  I was visiting from out of town and they took us right in on a Sunday.  We will be back!!!
Great service. In and out in less than 2 hours. Call and make an appointment time slots fill up quickly
Great guy. Great work. Feels like a new car.Dan has the experience, skill and honesty that makes recommending him a pleasure. Summer is coming.
Awesome!!!  Dan did an amazing job on my Mercedes E350.  I went to Dan because of other reviews.
Over 20$ for average pies is crazy.       ................. Was Very disappointed and be aware that you have to pay an  extra 1 or 2 for the pie tin it comes in as basically like a deposit.   The staff was nice. Very overpriced and underwhelming
Great environment. Very nice people. Always helpful!! There are lots of places that you can tan at. But this one is hip and has many options for your tanning needs. Better than most of the tanning places I have been to in the past.
Awesome build your own burgers, great specials.  This place does not disappoint.  Fun place to get your Shadyside night kicked off (or ended!)!
Great service and reasonably priced.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.  They arrived when they said they would and fixed my dryer within an hour.
Adam was amazing and funny had a blast on the big bus he talks to everyone keeps everyone laughing
Always great! And our pups love there dog treats too! It's a fun atmosphere and the coffee is always made right and amazing.
Great ice coffee come here every morning the service is good as well today they had a free donut with every drink order had an old fashion it was delicious moist and lots of flavor
Best hair cut I've gotten in a while. Staff was super friendly. Definitely prefer going here instead of the bx. I wouldn't trust those people with grooming my dog.
Great place, staff is awesome and friendly.  I recommend to anyone!  They welcomed me right away, they are professional and take their time.  Good conversation, talented and courteous.  My experience was pretty good!
Great menu selection clean friendly staff. From the moment we walked in, we were greeted and given a table of our choice. The waitress explain not only the menu but the special and even the chef came in to describe what today's special contained how it was prepared. The neighborhood offers great scenery to walk off the hardy meal. Enjoy the soft Latin music in the back ground everywhere you look there's interesting art.
Olga was amazingMy skin has never been nicer cant wait to go back  I've never got so many compliments on my skin before
Do not go. Not open. Closed down took us ages to get to location. Even the food side of it seemed damp and dark. Unattractive and all over waste of time.
The red velvet shake is very good and I also had the fried pickles and the blue cheese and bacon fries and they were also very good.
They got rid of the shot in the dark!!!!! No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**!!***** No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing. Really helped my lower back and very relaxing. The staff are very helpful. Absolutely loved it!!
5 *'s over and over! I love this place! Floating in these pods helps me relieve all sorts of pain through out my neck, back and hips. Great atmosphere for relaxation and super friendly staff!!
Love this place!!Absolutely Amazing appetizers & ambience! Service is great & staff is friendly!One thing is entrees are not as incredible as appetizersTotally recommend this place
Always great service and delicious food! The bartenders here are TRUE mixologists!Heather and Tommy are both incredible servers, knowledgable of the cocktail, wine and food menus. They will never hesitate to acquiesce any request, and they are sincerely two of the funniest servers that I have ever met. I enjoy every time I come to The House and they take care of me!FYI- Steak tartare, foie gras, and scallops are incredible.
The owner seems a bit pushy. And some things just doesnt seem right. Hummus dry. I asked for a sandwhich and he just throws the things on the plate. The meat is ok. But customer service will put his business out. One worker tried to help correct him but he just kept on doing what he wanted. I was only here in vegas to take some time off and I wanted to try something away from the strip. Biggest mistake ever.
Great place and service. Had the seared salmon, ordered it RARE, and they served it RARE!!! So many establishments over cook  fish. Central did it right. Nice ambiance.
Great Happy Hour Pricing with good drinks & service.  Bathroom situation for women was interesting to say the least...sinks on the outside near wine rack...noisy bar & dining area so not a great place for a quiet evening out.  I think the food was good & the service was exceptional!
Always good pizza. Friendly service. Ordered the Elizabethan and added pesto swirls- great!
Fukuda is closed. It's now Lomito, a South American restaurant. @lomitotruck.........
Disappointing to say the least... Good service but the food was terrible!  We would not return here there are many better places nearby,,,,,,,,
Had the special restaurant week menu selection and it was lovely. The lobster beignets were crunchy outside and soft and full of lobster. Seafood pasta was cajun, so a bit spicy, but not overwhelming.  Key lime pie...incredible!  Would recommend!
Best Korean restaurant in Montreal!!My friends and I love here so much. Staff are friendly and the food is simply awesome. All the foods are very nice, especially the spicy chicken wings, which was recommended by the staff there!
Delicious!  Everything we tried was good.  Defiantly get the Cuban It is scrumptious!I would go back again and again... Yes I need to go back now!
Friendly staff, decent food. A wide selection of foods. Wouldn't say it's the best place in town, but if you're up for some adequate Chinese food near downtown, this place isn't too bad. They say they're Chinese fusion, but I don't remember seeing anything that seemed out of the ordinary.
Bring your flashlight, lighting is very poor. The food is nothing more than barely average Chinese takeout. You could get the same or better quality elsewhere for less $$.
BY FAR the best indian food in Madison...even beats some of the best indian restaurants I've eaten at in the Los Angeles area.
Like..  But no captain?  Really?  How does a "bar" not have captain?  Sailor jerry is not an equivalent
Good service and fun atmosphere. Many beer choices on tap.
This practice will triple charge you and your insurance!!! They are a rip off ! I I have never had to pay such high out of pocket expenses with my insurance as with this practice they totally take advantage.
Friendly, fast, helpful and non judgemental. I was seen by Terri Larkin, WHCNP. She was considerate and friendly. The staff was prompt and welcoming.
This place has great soup for lunch!! Good service too.  My husband and I spent a beautiful afternoon on the patio.  Downtown Chandler is getting better and better by the year.
This place sucks. They are slow and illiterate. I work at Caesars and they are rude to employees and make us late to return from work. They are also more expensive than other TOURIST price Starbucks locations. You're better off going to the Mirage a short walk away for better service and prices.
Loved it!  1st time but I will be back. Rooftop seating with Rachel was great!!!  With 3 floors to choose from you cant go wrong.   $4 mimosas to start the meal off. Had the Mediterranean plate and so did my friend. We both loved it!  Cant wait to go back.
I visited this restaurant for the first time and got no service for restaurant week.  After 30 mins, of being passed by on a fairly empty deck not even a glass of water.  I had to go elsewhere for dinner.
Isn't Vegas one of those places that never sleeps? Well, at the airport, most of the shops were closed by 9pm...on a Friday? Ok fine. Japanese teriyaki with chicken was what I ate. It was not bad. I kinda liked it. The veggies seemed good. The white rice was good. The chicken was good too. The sauce was pretty good too. Maybe I was starving after a 5 hour flight, but I thought it was pretty good. It wasn't fast though, rather it was made to order with semi prepared ingredients. Based on the options I saw when I was there, I'd probably eat this meal again.
This is very good asían, specially for an airport... Try the noodles. There is also a good amount of space to sit and a bar with TVs
I love their cheese steaks!!!!! The pizza is good ...... you're able to see the games from any seat in the place and the owner is always present which shows his proud in his business I think
Best cheese steak I've ever had, period. Great guys. Friendly service. Food comes out hot, and tastes fantastic. We all go here for lunch now.
You must order 3 or more business days in advance or pay $7 fee to expiditeAlso you can go to any branch  not just this one
I love this place! Such a fun club. Skybox is the way to go. Ask for Dezi!! Omg The food is actually very good. I ordered a pizza and chicken tenders. I like vip. Most people think is expensive but your gonna buy drinks anyway and it's fun to check out all the different areas. The pool is awesome!! So much fun in the summer.
Bring the family, lots of very large, comfy booths to sit and relax in! Let us use a 4 person Groupon deal for just the two of us.  Very nice place overall.  Quite a variety in sushi rolls.Latin rolls are the best!
Music so loud we had to leave.  And this was at 7:45 on a Saturday night. You are open til 2am!!! Maybe start the band AFTER the dinner crowd.   Would have loved to try the food but couldn't even heat the hostess.
Hard to find. It's tucked behind solar panels on Cinnabar, it's not on El Mirage. It was pretty good overall!
Great place, friendly owner, and a true Chicago style dog experience. Overall great lunch or weekend drop in spot.
Excellent customer service, nice selection, and great service!  The only hobby shop that allows Demo flights of products!
Breakfast club sandwich on an English muffin?! So good!Had a 2 hour layover here and decided to grab some breakfast. They have what's called the Breakfast club sandwich which consists of avocado, bacon, egg, and cheese all on an english muffin! WOW such a simple combination, but they made it taste so freaking good!http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Eszx9mddqS-rZd1AK6rGFw&userid=pmKnNkGVgzhMkwJaTU5apAThe colors in my picture are so prettty!  The bacon was perfectly crisp and really pink too! It wasn't burnt and shriveled up like I've seen some places do it. This place is always packed because they offer breakfast foods as well as great lunch sandwiches! Everything here was so appealing to me I wanted to try it all! There is even an area where they have already made yogurt parfaits and tons of baked goodies to choose from. I also decided to get a bag of chocolate chip cookies and those were so addicting I ate the whole bag by the time I landed in CA.....Felt like a fatty. Their cookies had white chocolate chips and regular chocolate chips. SO GOOD! The cookies are thin but just capture the sweet sugary flavors so well. The workers are friendly too!Olive & Ivy is also a restaurant in Arizona! Makes me want to take a trip there and just try out that restaurant!
Chocolate chip cookies are delicious. White chocolates and milk chocolates!!Yumm Yumm. Get the little ones served in the brown bag...they're much softer than the big ones.Adorable little fast casual stop to get a quick salad or sandwich before heading on your way wherever that could be within terminal 4. Probably one of the healthier choices in the area.Pricey $$$ but you're in an airport...what can you expect. At least the food is good and won't make you sick, because nothing is worse than sitting on a flight with stomach problems.
The food is well made here and staff are very friendly . It's a very family friendly place.
The burritos enchilada style are to die for!!! My favorite place to eat!! Yum!Their quesadilla with chicken is also very good! Fresh guacamole made daily is delicious!
This place is awesome !!! Me and my best friend rent from "scooter up" every time we're in town!! The scooters are great and at a price you can't beat ! Customer service is impeccable, Wayne is always on time and curtious to me when I'm not  lol give this place a try! You won't be let down!!!!!
Super bon, 5@7 super convivial et délicieux pour le prix! À essayer! Bouffe originale, de qualité et bien préparée. Le décor est chaleureux et le service aussi.
Very good food. Masala dosai was excellent. Andhra masala dosai was great but very very spicy!
Best buffet..nice ambiance and tasty food.. Definitely i'm a fan..I strongly recommend this to friends
Pire service. Je n'y retournerai jamais! Aucun des items du menu n'était disponible et le serveur ne voulait pas nous aider à choisir!
I love the crepes ! Perfect consistancy ! Mont blanc is a must try ...would have love to try the crepe cake but had to be ordered in advance .. cream puffs is fluffy and not to sweet very light light and airy !! Dangerously good .. I will definitely be back to order the crepe cake and green tea cream puff
Don't like their bubbles at all... Probably should try their tea instead. Need to keep experimenting on which ones I like
It is by far the best place to eat falafel but unless you know the old couple don't expect to bond with the owners
Great service. Helpful pharmacy staff. Clean. The store is always stocked. Lines tend to be longer during lunch hours but that is to be expected.
Great late evening find! Cupcakes were delicious. Staff very courteous and gave us free bottles of water.
Love this mall the food is great the Att store is huge and best dillards in Arizona can't get better set ups and customer service always has was I need and or want lol
I really like this place. I need to go more often. For some reason it's nvr too crowded but that's a good thing. Wish they had beer as well.
Excellent service great food cant go wrong will definitely be coming back the beef curry and pork katsu was delish
Great curry, fast service, and friendly staff  I love how they have the small portion of curry too so if you aren't a big eater, I recommend the smaller portion.
Got the Chicken Tender curry level 2 hot, it was on point, I recommend it, it's located in a small shopping center so I recommend parking on the outside. You'll enjoy the Asahi on draft.
i thought this was an actual audition with judges but its not.. kinda disappointed.. but overall show was very good
Amazing ... Popcorn is soooo effn good And the owner is as sweet as they comeIf you're near , just go super yum
Best local soul food around.  Made fresh and served with pride.   Fried chicken and Mac and cheese awesome.
Great food and local beer collection. Friendly staff! All around solid vibe. Lobster bisque soup had really big chunks of fresh lobster and cheesecake (made in house), is phenomenal.
Great food and sevice will be coming back again ... i went for lunch ... the food was good went back agian had drinks today i like there food one of my new favorite places to eat
The have the best shrimp and grits.Located in downtown Mt Holly. Im so glad we finally got some good, quality, healthy restaurants in this area. Support small business!You eat well for under $10
Great food, clean, fast and friendly service. I usually get their yellow curry, which is some of the best I've had. The drunken noodles are also very tasty, fresh ingredients. Pretty cool that the owners give you some recommendations based off of your preference in asian foods. Have visited the restaurant during all times, and the service has not suffered. Give em a try!
We went last night.  The owner is lovely, friendly.  Excellent service and great Thai food!  Very pleasantly surprised.
I just had one of the best meals of my life. Choo Chee Crispy Tilapia at Z's. The friendly and personal service has always been exceptional. It's the only restaurant we go to where we actually are among friends/staff. I tried the tilapia tonight and could only wonder how I missed it on the menu after all this time. Perfectly cooked fish, perfectly fried eggplant, perfectly seasoned curry sauce. Perfect perfect perfect.
Excellent service, amazing food! People in my group had Pad Thai, coconut shrimp, tilapia with egg plant, and garlic pepper chicken and there was not a bad word to be said by anyone!
Best pizza in Pittsburgh! The two most important ingredients in pizza: the crust and the tomato sauce are perfect. The crust is thin and crunchy and the tomato sauce is delicious. All ingredients are high quality and fresh. I highly recommend this pizzeria to everyone!
Margarita pizza with artichoke and red peppers, really good, try it.  Fresh, flavorful, I would drive 30 minutes and come back again.
Delicious brick oven pizza. Think Il Pizzaiolo but affordable! The Bianca and Margarita are excellent. They also serve beer including six packs to go.
Friendly staff, awesome food, casual ambiance. Genuine brick oven pizza... Yum! Fresh basil & olive oil, and a perfect thin crust. Loved it!
Vegetarian dumplings are with beans instead of tofu. They are tasty! Yes, they are covered with cheese, so if you want them VEGAN (not VEGETERIAN), make sure to opt out of the cheese.
Quick in and out. Total less than 15 min. Nice people, clean place and lots of parking.
Food is amazing! The ambience and people are amazing!! Great customer service! If you are looking for getting the best out of your buck this is definitely the place to go!
This had to be the worst meal I have had while visiting Arizona!! My suggestion is "don't go"
All the food was great!
The butternut squash soup w creme fresh was amazing. Short rib tacos will not disappoint. They come w home made corn tortillas and more guacamole and pico de galleo than you will be able to eat. A small kale and grape salad w quinoa makes this a great dish. I can't believe I am at the airport, this food is way too good! I'd seriously drive to Sky Harbor Airport and eat here even if I wasn't traveling.
I found a piece of glass in my water!  So be careful when coming here...The food is ok - it is a little on the salty side.
Good food and good service for a pre security restaurant at PHX. Glad i stopped!! Almost everything came with a gluten free option and the wine list was quite good along with a full bar.
Upscale ambience, excellent food.  Forgot I was in an airport terminal.  All the staff were friendly & happy to help me make great menu choices.  They obviously retain their staff here.  Fast, quality eating at upper scale price to match product.
When you think of airport food, usually it's fast junk with a lot of grease. Not this place. Everything seemed very fresh. Oatmeal was delicious and was a nice large serving. I'll definitely be back to try more menu items
Love that I can enjoy the awesome food even at the airport, but it is not as tasty as the restaurant in the city
So awesome that La Grande Orange is at terminal 4.I love that terminal 4 has the best of the best of PHX local restaurants.  What an awesome surprise.  I have always enjoyed La Grange Orange their great salads, sandwiches, great pizza selections and reasonably prices on beer and wine.  You can't go wrong grabbing something great to eat prior to catching your flight.  LGO -great food & great service!
Cubano hot sandwich is really good!! Ham, pickles & Cheese. FAST & FRIENDLY STAFF......just what you need when you're in a rush to catch a flight .
Pizza usually takes 10-15 mins to make but it's fresh & hot. Love the kale salad and gotta order an mini AtoZ cookie for dessert! I love that this is location in Terminal D at Sky Harbor. There are always lines here so if you're in a rush to connect to your flight, watch out. It could take 10-15 minutes since most items are made to order. The grapefruit sunrise bevy is fresh and tart. But the small is a bit pricey for $3.00.
The vegetarian sandwich was delicious.  The service was fast and the people pleasant, not jaded as some personnel are at airport restaurants.
Overated. They are discriminatory towards servicemen and women. It's well known they have denied access to people in the military "because they are not the clientele they want"
Good atmosphere, good bar food. Enjoyed hanging out with friends there. Nice patio, too.
$6 huevos rancheros were incredible. Very authentic food. I asked if I could have them spicier and they definitely delivered. The chips and salsa were great, too. They have a wide variety of authentic drinks if you want alcohol. All in all, a nice quiet spot I will definitely return to.
Terrible Service. Slow and apathetic! Sandwiches were mediocre at best.
Plain Hot Dogs are $4.95. Our order of 1 dog plain and 1 chili with large drink was $16.05. Hot dogs were small, not the large ones at costco.... Way too expensive for plain ass dog. But this Vegas... Do yourself a favor and spend your money at Johnny Rockets next door.  Why do u think they have such a bad review!!!
Unique sandwich place with good food and great vibe. Friendly atmosphere and great location, right off the metro.
Good lunch salad for cheap.  I like the place, it is close to my office.  The food is good and the price is reasonable.  Ordering was easy and the take out service was quick.  I'll be back.
Best sandwiches in the vally. Very cool atmosphere (digging the orange patio furniture) and super friendly people who seem like they love their jobs. Top notch location!
Very yummy! Staff was uber friendly and enthusiastic. I had the Zinger minus the bacon and the sauce was awesome.
To whom it may concern: They do not serve sugar-free red bull.And while the above statement doesn't affect me in any capacity. I took great pleasure in hearing it repeated over and over and over again by the bartenders of Roast, as they hurriedly worked to serve alcoholic beverages (and one hell of a fry basket) to bar full of patrons while surrounded by walls covered in a masterfully compiled craft beer list... for a college bar, that is. It was in this moment that I finally came to appreciate the phrase, 'with age comes wisdom'. I was older than everyone in this bar and for one of the first times in recent years, I was okay with being the grandma of the bar scene as I sipped my tastefully brewed draft beer amongst the stacks of Bud light left on the tables and otherwise tasteful and trendy decor.Now, I told myself I wasn't going to review any of the bars I went to during Freakfest, but Roast managed to avoid the holiday hell and promote themselves in a way that seemed like it was fairly representative of what a normal night out here would be, and I appreciated the heck out of it.Of all the many bars and businesses we went to that evening, Roast was the only one you'd find me patronizing on my own volition on a regular day... plus, (as mentioned earlier) basket-o-fries. Yes. Count me in and count me in balls deep. Fry me.
The best thai food in phoenix. I have ordered the eggplant dish, pad thai, lemon sole, and all three dishes have been delicious every time. The service has been fast and friendly every time. They do little cute things like making a rose bud out of the top of the straw wrapper and flowers/swans (not sure what they are) out of the napkins. I highly recommend this place just because of the food itself and rest is just topping on the cake.
Les saveurs sont épatantes. Le poulet au beurre est remarquable et le pain nan un incontournable.
Excellent, nous sommes venus à 3 et tous les plats étaient excellents!! Très bonne carte.L'accueil est très sympa aussi.
Best Orange Chicken I have EVER had! So delicious! 24 hour delivery too! This place I my new go to for delivery!
The food was excellent. Must try the curries!! and the lunch special was worth it;) they have karaoke toooooo!!!
Great place to get a hair cut with a great price..:) Staff is friendly and knows what they are doing.
Best haircut in the valley with a great atmosphere. They have sports on the TV while you wait and great to chat with. Great products and best service.
Best barbers in Phoenix. Just make an appointment unless you can go early during the week.
I ordered the lobster stromboli and it was good, but that was not lobster in there. Tasted like the imitation crab stuff that is really a fish that tastes kind of like crab. I'm from Maine and grew up on lobster, and the meat inside was not lobster. I was dooped. I won't order that again. Very disappointed.
worst pizza  in vegas..hands down this place sux major balls. The people that work there know nothing about how a pizza should be made. I feel like they hired everyone right out of jail.  Fire everyone oh and the girl with the tattoos who's the cashier...seriously??? Stay away from this place if you know what was good for you. Makes me sick just thinking about this place
Kyle "aka pumpkin" provided great customer service! He has pretty eyes and a nice smile. LoL Love this store. They had everything we need to upgrade our "going out" attire. They also had some great sales going on too.
Took my ccw class here. Instructors are great. Made the 9 hours go by fast! I'd recommend this class to everyone I know!
Had an amazing time and our guide, Sean was super knowledgeable and real chill! We were immediately greeted and was given an explanation  of the packages offered.
Awesome place.  Small dog area and big dog area to start.... Awesome. Also a basketball court, soccer fields, playgrounds and people are nice that visit too.
I love coming here with my dog & walk around or stopping by @ dog park, park has a beautiful view & is also great place to picnic
Cheap but fair.  They will not clean everything.  Quality is not always consistent.   Pro's:If you drop off your cleaning before 9AM - they will have it ready by 5pm.It is very inexpensive for laundry and dry cleaning.Open lateCon's  Shirt Buttons are routinely damage (missing or destroyed) - they do replace at no charge.No Alterations - this is painful because I have to go to another dry cleaner for work.
Great veggie burger that is vegan too!  Even came with a side of vegan coleslaw :)Been back a few times now and the kitchen is more than accommodating :)
Great food great service very friendly will definitely come back!! And so close to the Palms if you don't want casino food.
Best sushi place in town! And the prices are not too bad. If you are a fan of oysters and nigiri, try their lunch or dinner buffet. I love everything in this restaurant!
Food was delicious! Highly recommend eating here. Service was great as well! The all you can eat menu is delicious and not to mention a great deal. If you're in the mood for sushi, Umiya is the place to go!
Yummy food and great service!! They have an outstanding all you can eat menu packed with all kinds of food options!! I'm always finding try new things to try !!! Love it..
The best all you can eat sushi in town!!! Fast service and everyone is very friendly!
love the all u can eat here,  freash made when we ordered......recommend everyone stop by when u here in vegas!!
Great late night all u can eat! Loved the garlic tuna. Also the seaweed salad. Finished it off with a banana split.
Great food great ambiance!!! My family had great time together! The sushi and udon are wonderful!
Great place! Never disappointed when I come here. Service is always great. Food fresh. We have to come again
Best sushi in town. We  keep coming back here. The sushi nigiri are the best. Highly recommended for all sushi lover very friendly and fast service.
Quality food with fast service, would definitely recommend to others. Has a reasonable price for the all you can eat sushi and the restaurant service was well up to high quality standards. Really good quality sushi and a lot of variety, would eat again
Best AYCE sushi place in vegas! I love it!! Japanese lasagna is the best in town.Everything here is amazing! Must try the tuna poke and the salmon lover roll! And the monkey brain!
Always consistent and service friendly. If you're a local wait to go until after a holiday. Super busy.
Great food! Great service!The selection of fish and dishes are amazing.  I wanted to order everything off the menu but my stomach just couldn't take it. I will definitely be coming back here for more abuse to my stomach.
Baby Eric was bomb!!! He has excellent customer service and was very fast :) we will come back for sure.. Try the orange blossom.
Love the place. Salmon lover roll is soooooo good here - a must try. The service is good too - fast and welcoming. We get there at least once in 2 weeks and never disappointed.
Delicious  and cheap indian food. Uncle makes amazing mutter paneer. Free soda if you are a regular customer. :)
Wonderful products and services! A very progressive clinic. I drive here from the Summerlin area. The staff is friendly and knowledgable.
Longest wait for basic food.  Really nothing special.  Had the egg salad sandwich which had more lettuce than anything else.
Great service & food! Enjoyed the veggie eggs Benedict and a Bloody Mary. Very fast & friendly service...
Not bad. Service is always good. The Ceasar salad is good and reasonably priced. Nice to walk in and get a table immediately.
Get here early...close at 3.  I know we are suppose to stop consuming caffeine at that hour, but who does?They have some amazing baked goods and their menu for lunch looks very tempting.I'll have to come back when I'm in the 'hood.
Tasty and fast. What more do you need between flights? Decent, although not expansive, seating.
If you want a real coney come here!! If your drunk, anything taste good, but the fact that I am familiar with this place have lived in Michigan for 12 years, my drunk butt was really excited lol  We walked through the casino, and I seen the sign, and I thought it was just a sign, but when we walked around more BOOM! HEAVEN! Prices are really reasonable! $3.75 I believe for the Coney! So good! Staff was happy and friendly.Oh and I asked if I could have a hat that had the original address on it with their location, the kid behind the counter was nice enough to give me his.
This place is fiya!!!! I recommend the pig pot!!!!!!!! The burritos are huge and delicious
It's like pulling teeth to get recycling bins out here. We tried to have them delivered...twice. Then we went to the office on Sahara: out of them. Finally, we got them here. The girl was polite and sweet and I was happy that it was over so they get points for that. But seriously just go get the damn things instead of having them delivered. It's a lot less hassle and it's cheaper.
permanently closed! so sad but true! So torn. They had a delicious and simple menu. Their chicken Katsu, soups and specialty sushi rolls were yummy. It will be missed :(
Great place with awesome beer. The Red Mountain Ale is very good and the staff are very nice!
Love this place sooo much that curry was delicious ! The vibe of this restaurant was awesome, dimmed lights Byob ! What else could a girl ask for! The place doesn't accept cards but has an atm in the back HOW CONVENIENT LMBO! I would go here again
Great flavor, price and location. Pulled pork steam buns are to die for.Service is super quick. We always get served within 10-15 mins.Also, BYOB with 50cent recycling fee.Cash only but they do have an arm inside.
Great food! Fun atmosphere and no corking fee.  Be careful when ordering your spice level.  We ordered our entrees at level 2 and 3 and it was very hot!  Tasty but spicy :)
Really different & fun place!  Menu changes often.  Menu is on a board  so I took a photo.  That's your best bet.  Staff friendly & helpful.
Pretty fun for kids here.  They are here every year and my kids love it. You can purchase tickets here and use it next year.  They have things like Bounce house,  Tons of pumpkins in different sizes,  slides,  a petting zoo (with baby goats,  chickens,  bunnies and few lambs. .. I personally don't like these lol). The staff are so nice and location is a decent size.  I advise everyone wearing tennis shoes and socks (lots of slides requires socks) because you ate walking on hay.
Good food.  Good prices.  Nice staff and good service.  I had the corn  beef hash with eggs easy over.  The ambience is 50s.  All in all a good breakfast for the price.
Love this place. Food, service, atmosphere, prices:  all the best, all the time.  There is nothing else in town that even comes close to this authentic diner experience.
Totally Gorgeous Interior!  Incredibly sweet Staff and Outstanding Service!  Food needs Work!!!This place is completely remodeled and looks Great!!!  Modern Japanese looking design, simply and tastefully done!  Open yet with a feeling of privacy if you get one of the many booths and Booth-type seating on both sides... Impressive! A line of tables runs down the middle of the larger room!  Also two smaller Dining Rooms in the back!From the Hostess to ALL Wait Staff (all Female) Sunday Night, everyone was Friendly and did a great job!All the food comes out of the Kitchen each dish great Looking appearing to be designed with LOVE!  Pipping Hot and Fresh!Flavor is where the yelp stars fall!  Each of the dishes I got was, just  ok, close to, almost three stars or good, not any better than good!
Delicious sushi with good prices. High end atmosphere without high end prices! Lots of choices too
Having quinoa stuffed advacado.  It was really great!  Had a chance to sample the Sangria! Oh my it was so good.  The location required a little maneuvering to get to the parking.  The ambience both inside and outside was magnificent.  I cannot wait to return for an early evening "pre-concert" dinner and drinks!!
Oh em gee!! Try the quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken! Explosion of flavors!!! Yum!
Great food best in town. Wow. Charlotte needed this. The great sandwich is awesome.great deals after 230
Awesome Food, Atmosphere and Service!I've been here approx 6 times.  My favorite is the Naked Peruvian with Chicken and Plantains.   Also love the fried Rice and Wow Lomito
Quinoa. Stuffed. Avocados. The only thing you need to remember when placing your order!  I'm obsessed.
Simple the best all the right flavosr and freshness concept decor. And amazing food love the wow lomito and chicken is moist a lots of flavor just like on the best places in Peru
Best Peruvian chicken in the QC!  Amazing!! Some of the best food in Charlotte!  I eat here once a week.  Chicken is out of this world!
An excellent meal with excellent sauces.  Definitely worth stopping here for a meal.   The salad are great and the other meals look awesome. You will be happy to have stop here.  It is right in front of Presbytrian (Novant) hospital. Main hospital.
40 seats in the whole restaurant so it's cozy. Open till 3am which is amazing.Portions are small, and prices are high... Im a healthy eater and I also like to try lots of things, but I ordered soup, the fried seabass, extra noodles, chu-chee lobster, and another dish and still was not full, despite the check being well over $75. The first time I went, I was not asked how spicy, and boy all the dishes came out blazingly hot. The true Thai experience. The next visit, I asked them to tone it down just a notch and it was perfect for me. Pros:Great flavorCons:Small PortionsHigh PricePay extra for rice or noodlesI'm rating this restaurant purely on taste and not price or value.
Bogus Krispy Kreme location does not make donuts here!  "We're waiting for our donut delivery truck."  All they had left were lemon filled donuts. :o  I'm not quite sure why they're not making the donuts here as all they do is glaze pre-made donuts.  You'll do better by finding a retailer or an actual KK store that makes the donuts.  Or just go to Caleefornia, where they're always have Krispy Kremes in stock :)
I love the guy. I forget his name but he is the best! I always get a great mani pedi when I come. Good customer service. I'm a lifetime customer here.
I Love this place Linh and her girls are amazing and affordable linh treats everyone like she's known you for years and men are welcome
Great taste healthy foodLove to come againHopefully with different waitressNext time
This place is the best breakfast in town! The place was packed. I had the French toast, scrambled eggs, and bacon breakfast. Everything was fabulous. The only downside to this place is that it is noisy and somewhat disorganized.  They need a hostess and a bigger location.
Great food and great price.   Helpful service.  Clean place. Very happy. Been here a 3 times w the family and has been good every time.
I can now say I've tried veal testicles. Damn you AZ Taco Festival! Overall, I dug the AZ Taco Festival now that it is in its new location by Salt River Fields. There were many taco booths, each selling street tacos for $2 (1 ticket). Some of the best were Distrito (pork), Four Seasons (pork), and Cottonwood (shrimp).There were some other food options as well for your taco hating friends who were dragged to this event. But really, as the festival's slogan goes, "who doesn't love tacos?" There were non food tents too, selling jewelry and other junk you don't need. Lots of beer tents, a wedding, wrestling, go-cart racing and a play area for kids.One tip for future Taco Fest goers: You might wanna go Saturday instead of Sunday. I noticed about a half dozen empty tents on Sunday that were apparently occupied the day before.Great moment: Noticing the drunk guy from the Sandbar tent was taking part in the taco eating contest, predicting he would puke, and then seeing him so so on stage.Boring Part of the Festival: The rest of the taco eating contest. Couldn't hear announcer and I was expecting to see these dudes going nuts eating as many tacos as they could. Instead it was something about spicy tacos I think. Contest started, they took their time eating, I was bored. Change this please. Weakest aspect of the festival: El Hefe tent filling up as many beer cup as they can, to just have them sit there getting warm and then serving them. Weak! I had no problem returning my warm beer for a fresh cold pour. It was nice meeting Yelp's new intern, Jenny R., at the Yelp booth! Special thanks to Yelp for the 50% off discount code on tickets!
Good hamburgers just a little bit expensive, but really good I will comeback. I recomend this place
This restaurant is NOT baby friendly.  A towel lady in the women's bathroom told me I could not change my baby's dirty diaper in their restroom.  I believe her exact words were "you can't bring that thing in here".  I had no choice but to change her at our dining table.  I'm sure the next customers to sit our table would love to know that there could possibly be poop left over on the table of this dark and dingy restaurant.  The food is way over priced and nothing special.  I've been to a Sharkey's restaurant with better quality of food.  The drink prices are ridiculous, $15 for the smallest and worst tasting cadillac margarita I've ever had.  If you don't have a baby, and like over paying for drinks and crap food Javier's Las Vegas is your place.
Definitely need to make reservation. This place is full 90%of the time !This is a beautiful restaurant when it comes to decoration. I do personally think the tables are too close to each other, you can literally hear others' conversation even you don't want to by sitting right next to their table and also the booth seating is not facing the casino but rather facing another table. While we were there, we are a party of 3 girls and we had a booth. The whole time the couple, who were at the table right in front of us kept turning their heads to us. It is rather distracting for both tables. The restaurant has dark wood decor and their massive art piece at the very end on the wall. That's made by a famous Mexican Artist on a solid wood piece with a chainsaw. I highly recommend anybody who plans on visiting the restaurant or Aria check out this video : http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2012/10/15/watch-the-worlds-largest-chainsaw-art-being-made.phpWhen it comes to food, I am a big fan of their appetizers and frenshly made margaritas than their entrees. I ordered Seafood Enchiladas, it is fresh and tastes good but didn't really impress me or give me any wow moment. However, their cocktails are amazing. Between three of us, we had Jalepino Margarita, Cucumber Margarita and Tamary Margarita. They are all delicious. The bartender made them pretty strong too, and of course no complaints on that :-)The service is the reason I only gave a 3 star for this restaurant. We were here for a work invite. Unlike any other restaurants, from the server, the busser to the manager, nobody knows what to do. The manager didn't come to the table and tried to "sell" the restaurant. The server didn't know how to handle the ordering. The busser came by 3 different times asking if we ordered bottle of water or tap water. I am not impressed at all. Another thing that I don't think this restaurant can rate itself as fine dining is that the server didn't bring our food together when serving, and they asked us who ordered what again after he had taken our orders. I would come back for the drinks and appetizers for sure.
Get the Javier margarita!!  All I seem to remember was the chips and fresh salsa and the margaritas!
Great food and cool vibe loved it. The skirt steak is Bomb! Def recommend that if you go there.
The filet mignon was amazing and banana nut martini hit the spot..the service is good..they know what's up
Good food, great atmosphere. Dark & a good vibe. Food is higher priced, but not overly excessive. Salsa could be better, hence the 4/5 stars.
Very nice ambient! Food is little expensive but if you like mexican, go foward! Jalapeño margueritas are delicius
Great bottle shop to get some good Bottled Beers.  They have a huge selection of Beers and it is divided up into flavors and style sections.  Secret Tip: Go and Get some good drafts on tap in the back. Their map tells you the location it is from.
If you live in the Dilworth / South End area of charlotte this is the place to come for a great beer selection. Good Bottle has a very neighborhood feel yet very industrial. Killer selection - great prices - 12 taps - awesome hours - extremely personable.
I've always smelled the delicioisness of Project Pie, but didn't realize I could partake in said deliciousness until I saw "Yes, we have gluten free crust." PERFECT, thin, crispy, happy, yummy GF pizza with a knowledgable, friendly, personable staff and owner. Will be coming back again, and again, and again!I love that they charge you one price regardless of the toppings you put on the pizza. The toppings are delicious and fresh, and I like that you can see them making your fresh pizza in front of your eyes. The GF pizza crust is very thin, which I love, and nice and crispy. Before eating this pizza, I ate a decent-sized meal at another restaurant but found that this pizza was too good to let sit in the fridge not eaten. Gone. 10 minutes. Inhaled by my husband and I.Great customer service, great value for the money you pay, very friendly and locals-friendly owner, perfect location (we love MGM), and fantastic product. Could you ask for anything more?P.S. They have GF dessert pizza AND GF garlic bread/pizza. You better believe I'll be all over that the next time we go!
Yummy pizza. Friendly cashiers what else could a guy ask for?Just reopened after being closed for a few days. Store is cleaner and pizza just as amazing. I will be back again soon!!
Pizza was superb!! Came together perfectly :) we ordered the meat pizza along w/the white pizza w/prosciutto & Brussels sprouts. They wood fire it on top- yummy!!!
Similar to pieology and pizza studio!Dropped by here for a quick bite before heading to the M&M world and leaving Vegas.  The place is by the entrance of MGM parking lot, so it is easy to get to. The set up is very similar to Pieology and Pizza Studio.  You can either pick the pizza that they have already designed or you can custom make them by picking the toppings of your choice.  The pizza was good but I didn't see what was so unique about them.  Mainly because I had already had tried other places similar to this place.  They are definitely in accessible to people stay at MGM hotel and other people who park in that parking lot passing through!
Love it!! Food and service were both great! :) you get to make your own pizza && its super fast fun and yummy!
Awesome! 3 visits, 3 different meals, all 3 I would gladly eat again!! Waffle was crispy on the outside & fluffy on the inside. Comes with meat & eggs, sausage links were good. Chicken fried chicken was delicious. Country Benedict was also delicious. Hash browns cooked just right. Even the coffee is awesome. 6 or 7 other menu items I'm dying to try. Place is friendly, well run, & clean. Highly recommend!!
Thank you Pink Spot for my free 12ml of juice for my birthday!  I love the label!!!  Whenever we come there, all the staff is very helpful and polite!
This place deserves 5 stars. Great service, nice people, great menu. Will def be returning!
Really good! So many options it's hard to decide! Great Shave Ice! The owner was very cool& helpful with selecting what we wanted.
Worst pepperoni pizza ever. Ever.Hot food, served very hot.  That's the end of the good news.Crust was almost spongy, not crisp.  Cheese was certainly hot and melted, but tasteless.  The too few pepperoni slices were very thin and lack good pepperoni flavor.Almost any frozen pizza from a grocery store would be a substantive step up.
Food was amazing service was great! Pecan torte was heavenly! Atmosphere was charming.  This is an excellent restaurant for all occasions.  Can't wait to go back!
These guys do a great job!  Ribeye (Maui Marinated) and key lime pie ALL DAY!!Been here several times. I would definitely recommend if you're in the area. If you're not in the area, go there anyway.
Excellent food and service!  The pineapple and pork tacos were outstanding. Chips were crisp and salsa was fresh. Glad to have a great Mexican restaurant in the South Hills.
Jimena was one of the best servers I've had in quite some time! Hope you get in her section!We had great service and great food at a very reasonable price. I had a fajita skillet dish with steak, shrimp and chicken. My boyfriend had the enchiladas. Both were delicious!Also, if you out order a large margarita, be prepared for a LARGE margarita! Not complaining, it was a delicious surprise!
Love the food!!! Service is great too! Our new favorite! Price is reasonable too. Never had a bad experience!
Horrible service never going back. The hostess seated people before us and did not even apologize. Her response sorry you feel that way have a nice night. Than when we spoke with the manager chad her reseated us and said he would bring us out some food and than proceeded to put the food which we never ordered but he brought out on our tab. Never never going back.
Good classic bar food and then some.  $5 burgers every Tuesday after 5pm. Good cocktails. Calamari good but portion looks deceiving as lettuce lays below calamari.
All is well is at Bar Louie, firm handshakes, good music, cold beers.  The Killtlifter was cold, the music was spot on
Love the shawarma....both chicken and lamb.......also the dining style with floored mats and sofa.....Arabian styleeee....didn't like mango shake though...
Great service, excellent detail job and good value. Arrived early and put in work!! Found his reviews on Yelp helpful. Quick response and will use again!!
I love this place even more now. I ordered the wrong veggie pita and they fixed it for me!!!!!!  I had been dying for the grilled veggie pita and I hadn't had it in at least a month.  I guess they also have a veggie pita that is more like a salad pita with hummus.  I ordered the latter without realizing my mistake.  The owner brought it over to my table (that's right, the owners literally bring your food out to you) and when he realized my mistake, without hesitation, said he would fix it.  He made my day!  The pita was as delicious as ever!!!!
My new favorite for gyros! So, long My Big Fat Greek Restaurant! This is truly authentic food. I haven't had this good of shawarma since I was in Turkey.
Love this place, great food. Sometimes it takes a while for a to go order even when calling ahead but it's still worth the wait. The gyro pizza is solid.
The apricot bacon wraps were my favorite. The porchetta is sublime, if you like fatty meats.Must finish with a pudding cup!We constantly get spoiled at Meat and Three or Bread and Butter. It seems there is always some special that was made particularly for us. Even when they are busy, everybody there seems to be really loving the restaurant.
One of the best Soul Food spots I've tried in Vegas! Been here a couple times.  Food is good and reasonably priced.
Last time I had chicken here it was superb!!Just don't have it delivered!Best chicken I've had in town yet, and I've had a lot of chicken.
Love this place oxtails meal with mac N cheese and yams best soulfood spot in Vegas from Louisiana and this is my spot no in Vegas coming close
Stopped in for a real southern soul food dinner.  Was excellent as usual!! Service was great and of course food excellent.
Awesome, awesome, awesome food!  Get the meatloaf with gravy. Potato salad is made of mustard,  the best way to eat it!
best hamburger in town look up the verses listed on the packaging you can custom order your hamburger
Hoeegarden on tap and Ayinger bottles! Awesome! Some of the best pizza Ive ever had, completely different from anything else there is.  Owned by the same people who run Postinos and Windsor, so this trendy little place gets packed.
I'm normally a more traditional type of pizza guy, but their Casanova pizza...dates, pecorino, prosciutto, and arugula was amazing.  Service was top notch.  Atmosphere was unique and even with some background music you could still have a conversation.  Great selection and prices on beer and wine.  We will definitely be going back!!!!  It has the same owners as Postino's and a similiar feel.
Pizza..wine.. Amazing ! This is place is amazing !! It's very nice the service is as amazing as their food ! Love love love !!
Vegetarian Pizza pizza pizza pizzaDonut with chocolate dip x1000000The server was slow, but the food made up for. Haha.
Always friendly and timely service. Even order for pick up time to time. Yummy! Glass of white wine or a bottle to go. Place is always alive and parking can get crazy but somehow there is always a spot for everyone, yum!
Outstanding!!  Great pizza, cool place and nice people. Convenient covered parking. Pizzas only one size but perfect for two, or order two different pies to share and take some goodness home.
trusted hair salon. been going to raul for almost 2 years now. he gives 50% to his clients with student IDs so its perfect for me because I dont have to worry about spending to much.  I bring all my friends to him even the girl in my pic goes to him now because of me.  He does wonders and I trust him to just go and do as he pleases with my hair cuz I know that my money is being spent on someone who knows what they are doing
Excellent customer service. Brendon provided great service. Very personable!Would definitely recommend this place. Very efficient
Great food, very reasonably priced. Very nice and informative server as we had not eaten Ethiopian food before. Was empty on a Friday night so I hope people see the reviews and help them make it. The lamb was especially delicious.I've been back since with good results.Previously posted this as a tip but wanted it to be a review.
New for us... Very exotic!Update 2-20-2014:  Was very satisfied and full off of the delicious food we had.  Very well priced.  Wished they had a dessert from the region to showcase to really cap off the experience.
Excellent food. Presented  in an eclectic and fun style. Great staff. Enjoyable live music.
Great service from Ray and the staff this past Saturday during Brunch Happy Hour! My girls and I have stopped by for their Brunch Happy Hour a few times and the staff has always been great! Awesome drink specials as well. Menu changed since the last time we were there, which threw us off a bit and was a little confusing because it said 5$ apps at the bottom but that deal is actually only for the night time Happy Hour. Other than that little confusion everything was great and the staff was nice even after we got a little loud. Those drinks sneak up on you! Thanks Ray and everyone that has served us before, keep up the good work.
Hidden Gem in Summerlin... Tivoli Village. Great atmosphere, good drinks! The red Sangria is awesome, and the Kentucky Mule is a awesome beverage, that must be tried.
Katie is amazing with nails and fast too!! They do high quality work that's what I care about most. It's nice to find consistency and quality.
Horrible service! Will never use them again! Never called to give update and took forever to come back to fix it after the parts were there!
First time and is freaking bomb.comIt's a most try the beef brisket bowl was delicious.
Incompetent and shady at best. Not familiar with the law and reeks of beef and cheddar.
I'm so glad there is one closer in my neighborhood.  When they had a grand opening, they went all out and let us sample all kinds of beers and liquor.  This is probably Jesse N.'s favorite store.  He only shops for shoes and liquor, LOL. Best place to pick up your favorite adult beverages!  I wish I could tell you in detail what they have to offer, but I'm not to much of an enthusiast to tell you the details.  I can however tell you that the staff is friendly and helpful.  They go out of their way to try and find that Beer you saw in Draft magazine, or the wine you tasted at the restaurant, and they make recommendations of their own too.
Walked in to this location at 9:55p to which the guy behind the counter said "you got 5 minutes". Wow- how welcoming. On our way to the register the box of beer broke and some beer spilled on the floor. Didn't do it on purpose but the guy hears it and says "aww shit." We said sorry about 5-6 times and tried to help him clean it to which he tells me, "leave it". Then we say sorry at the register again and receive a lecture on how to hold a box of beer and that he should have charged us for it. Thanks but no thanks, you should have just charged us and left the smart ass comment to yourself. Unfortunately not visiting this location anymore. If you want a smart ass comment from a big guy with a mustache, named Brett, by all means, come on by and let him treat you like crap. Worst service at a Lee's Liquor I've EVER had after shopping there at least twice a week, every week. I get the best service EVERYTIME from the Durango and Warm Springs location. Just shop there.
Love taking my dog here while I'm in Vegas . The staff took good care of my dog Lucky. The price for overnight boarding is reasonable. I feel very comfortable leaving my dog here. It's only about 15 minutes from the strip . Very convenient .
Great low cost and  fast pet care. A nice friendly caring staff . Very clean with out smelly pet odors.
Tried tan tan men for the first time. I never had it before so I had no idea what to expect. The broth is thick spicy and sweet. A lot of sesame flavor too. If you dont like sweet flavors,  I don't recommend tan tan men. I like their regular spicy tonkotsu and other ramen though.. Just not tan tan broth..I go to Fukumimi ramen often because it is close to where I live.  However, I cannot say it is the best ramen in town.  The broth seems too oily sometimes and it is difficult to drink the broth which should be the best part..
Taking all the advice and trying the Tantan MenIt was Friday and it was cold. Ramen is what was needed!  Most fellow Yelpers gave glowing reviews, and Tetsuro's yelp really got my attention for tantan men.I ordered ahead, adding an egg and green onion.  It was ready when I got there to pick it up, and it was packaged with consideration and regard knowing a little time & travel pass before consuming.  The broth and the other ingredients (spicy pork, bok choy, ramen noodles, egg, and green onion) were in two separate containers.Back at the office, I combined the broth with the ingredients, stirred gently, and enjoyed the savoriness of this dish.  The broth is a juxtaposition of slight creaminess and a hint of spiciness as the spicy pork slowly & chili oil slowly become fused.  Like a good wine, it actually became better as I tasted, mixed, and tasted again.  A generous serving of green onion and perfectly cooked ramen noodles topped off a remarkable broth.  Looking forward to trying their spicy miso broth next time!
Ordered the Fukumimi ramen----very delicious. Will come back again for more. The Chashu bowl is great too.
Kara Miso is the way to go on a rainy day!Service is great. Food is great. Garlic Chicken is the bomb.
Solid ramen joint.  The spicy is great. Just try to go during the off peak hours.  The service is great and the food is total comfort food!  It is small so during the lunch break it gets super crammed.
Holybajesusssss this place is tasty...I have to write more because yelp says it's too short.
I love the red velvet! It has many chocolate chips in it. What I also like is the bundtinis. These are smaller than your average cupcake and you can get a variety pack. Variety is the spice of my life and I love to try many different things. They have a set pack of their top flavors that is always ready to go. If you want a custom pack, you should call ahead because it takes a while for them to get it together. They have to take the cakes out of the freezer and get them to room temperature. That is the one thing that I didnt really like. I don't like how the cakes are frozen and not fresh. They taste great though, so I guess its not really a problem. I have also gotten the larger size bundts and they are just as tasty. They can be decorated very cute too, with fun things in the middle. The people who work here are always very nice and friendly. They greet you and want to help you right away. They can give you the run down of the place.Also, my friend had these at her wedding in San Francisco. They were a hit! I recommend them for something different than cakes or cupcakes.
Amazing cakes and great customer service!! I had a very welcoming visit. I get there cakes for every occasion! I love the lemon raspberry and the red velvet! Yum!!
Great food and service. Great thin crust pizza. Nice pasta too.  Good wine selection. Great for outdoor sitting when weather is good.
Ok not sure if I would make another trip had better in town,really kind of disappointing
Always extremely helpful. Courteous and friendly staff. My first choice for all my moving and storage needs.
Wow, this places is the epicenter of disgruntled workers. If I could give them zero stars I would do that. The ads for a guarantee are bs.Do what you can to ascots this location at all cost.
Amazing products and sales. Love the non gmo project foods. The staff is nice and very helpful if you have trouble lifting or carrying items. Parking is a breeze, and sushi is on sale on Wednesday.
This place is a must go.. Food is to die for and the atmosphere is priceless.. You have to try the chicken sandwich
Posh. Small menu but the food was great.  The French fries were very good. Loved the scrub in the bathroom.
Everything was awesome. Real fresh and tasty. Randy's service was perfect very knowledgeable about the menu.
Still great..... It's earned another star on business lunches since the first. :)Had tomato soup on a rainy day. There's nothing you wouldn't love.
Breakfast in the AtriumVery tasty bacon roll, dry cured bacon, a mix of Back and Streaky rashers, yum!Coffee was punchy at £4 for an espresso
Great find! Great prices and fantastic food and staff!!! Hot, fresh chips and salsa. Super fast service! Definitely coming back!
Can't go wrong with a carne asada torta  and 5 rolled tacos! Quick, cheap and tasty!
Food was good, service was good. Happy with the seafood tacos as well as the mushroom tacos.
Clean, fast and friendly, inexpensive.  Best neighborhood store we could have!  The deli is okay, but the fact that there's always more than one person there to help makes lines go fast.  Makes my morning everyday.
Walked in on a whim at about 630-7pm on a Saturday night with my man-friend.  The hostess told us it would be about 15 mins as they were full at the moment. No worries, the bf was just glad to have a tv with the game on in front of him.  Checked out the drink menu at the bar for a few minutes... Nice beer selection and good drink prices!  They have craft cocktails, but I went for a beer since they had Konig Ludwig. =)  For dinner, I debated on the pork tostadas and the vegan burger with bacon... The bacon is a FREE add-on!!  The waitress suggested pork tostadas, so thats what I had.  Quite tasty!! There were 3 tostadas with piles of pork! They had a great ginger aioli and crunchy/spicy kimchee. 2 of them filled me up, but I went ahead and ate the 3rd one since the bf was too full from his tri-tip dinner.  Needless to say, neither one of us had room for dessert. The service was good and friendly and overall it was a good dinner.  The only thing I didn't care for was the $3 charge for a soda water at the bar when I ordered a beer. Fizzy water for 3 bucks?!  My bf almost exclusively chooses soda water/club soda over flat water, and I have never been charged for it when it comes out of the tap.  Just sayin.
Not bad, good for fried food. Heavy food but well made . The tater tits are awesome. Nice patio .
Yikes!  Please allow 2+ hours for dining service...The food is decent and the beer and wine selection is very good however I think the service needs a little attention.  There experience we had there was just... odd.  From the host taking our name for the wait (quoted 25; waited 45 - I get that it's an estimation, just communicate this with the guests).  There was a back room not being used for guest seating and someone had to bring us some chairs because my family and I were sitting up against a wall waiting for our table - the most odd thing about that was that was a perfect spot for some more tables and seating.  I've been there 2 times now and I really would like a good place to thrive there - I hope this feedback is some help...
Amazing service, amazing food, new favorite local joint. Ladidadida, yelp wants me to say more but all you need to know is this place is super legit.
Exceptional locally sourced food! My son loved the buffalo pork shanks and blue cheese crumbles and the quinoa salad hit my vegetable craving perfectly!
Been here once.  I loved it.  Odd name for a place but the food is unique and really good.
My favorite franchise ever . Great place , the people working their are polite and fast
Highly Recommended. One of the best!! We were trying to find a good Facialist from Las Vegas And Milunkha shows up on top of the list so we tried it out. She's very friendly and considerate. She takes her time in sessions and the results are outstanding. :).
Love shawna she knows exactly what i want even if i don't know what I want! I come in and tell her make it look beautiful and she is so talented she does the best designs in Vegas!! Love this place! The royal pedicure is to die for and I won't go anywhere else for my brows!!!
You don't take gift cards? Why not? Their satellite is down,They don't take gift cards... They were giving another woman a hard time when I walked In to get my change from having to pay cash. I announced to her, it's not you, it's this place! Then the arrogant manager in a red shirt says- "Oh YA the satellites down!" After I said it to them... What is it with men and establishments acting incapable?She thanked me and I thanked worker amazing man Benny for apologizing.I VOTE BENNY AS MANAGER, and get the other guy into kindness classes.
The sandwich shop in here is a hidden gem. I highly recommend the subs! You can get a 6 inch sub with two types of meat and all the fixings with cheese for just $4.99. I personally like the turkey and pastrami with pepper jack. They won't disappoint. The sandwiches as stuffed to capacity so it's a great deal.
Just like Chipotle, but better! Try the tortilla soup or the enchiladas!
AwesomeAmazing serviceStarving and this place made me smileGot the two enchilada one with green chile pork the other with short ribAnd their chicken with corn bread tacoThis place exceeded all expectation
Food great, customer service sucks, they don't explaining how their system works, and to be honest it's confusing. They were rude and rolled their eyes like they had no patience. They need to smile and ask they the customer had they visited before!
I love this place!! Great service great food! I always get my enchiladas with a fried eggs on top its amazing!!!
Everything is good every boba you can think of, still haven't had every one yet. Open till 930 every night, 7 days a week. I do like the selection of teas available...also now have Frappe's, now even more to try.
Club Lulu fantastic as always!  Delivery still impresses me every time!  The order has never been wrong and I probably ordered a dozen times from this location!! Great job JJ keep up the good work! And I love eating in too because there is so much to read and is very funny and cute then I get a 2nd sub to go.  Yes I eat them both the same day!
Great gym but way too expensive. And they play the worst movies in the theater. Need more stair climbers and squat racks
Delicious!  I eat here at least twice a week and they are consistently good. I'm a vegetarian and they have a great sandwich for me in addition to the ones with meat which my boyfriend loves.
.86 mile path around lake, 2 playgrounds, ducks, fishing, many sports fields, picnic area, restrooms!  This is a very nice park!  Plenty to do for everyone and well maintained.
Best Park Ever, my taxes @ work!!! It has three trail routes to walk. Cavanas, baseball, basketbsll, football and soccer courts. I love to take pics here of all migrating birds.
Very friendly and efficient staff. Very clean .dr.amaris Franco was very helpful and helped us to understand what was going on with my dog.
I'm digging their vegetable tofu pho! To die for! #AnniePho @LasVegas_Now YUMYUM! Best pho place @LasVegas_Places
Ok place for pho. The place is kinda scary at  night. It is hidden in a dark area. I felt like I might get robbed coming out of there.
Best. Vietnamese. Egg rolls. Ever!!!! Vietnamese egg rolls are my favorite things and I've tried many!!  These were perfectly crisp on the outside, with the filling perfectly flavored. I ordered take-out and they were still perfect 20 minutes later!!  I highly recommend this restaurant!!
Delicious. This place has authentic cuisine. I love it :) their bun reive is their down side. But the rice plates are huge portions and the pho satay is really good.
Food is awesome especially the spring rolls and egg rolls! However the spring rolls are pre made so if you want them fresh order them without pork. The restaurant is really small so if you don't feel like waiting on this delicious food they always do take out even on pho!
TIP: first time pho eaters should not wear a white dress shirt.Located next to Cheeburger and The Lodge on So. Rainbow, near Blue Diamond Rd. I've never tried Vietnamese food before, so this was quite an experience. We walked into the restaurant and was immediately greeted by a friendly young man named Calvin, who was also our server.Many people inside eating at booths at 830pm a couple nights ago. My son ordered the fresh coconut milk served in a real coconut and it was delicious! We ordered an appetizer of a dozen butter fried garlic chicken wings which were crunchy and very tasty! Our server recommended the Pho Combination Annie Special #12 which was amazing! This is truly the reason I wanted to dine here.  It was a large bowl of broth soup that did not taste like MSG and salt. It had very natural flavors from the basil and lime and bean sprouts and tripe and noodles and beef tendon, two type of beef flank steak-rare and cooked, beef brisket, and beef meatballs. I added sriracha sauce in a side saucer to dip the meat and eat with long red wooden chopsticks. This sauce is commonly eaten at Thai, Vietnamese and Chinese restaurants. It has a hot and tangy, yet sweet taste and I loved it!The food was reasonably priced, the décor was a nice atmosphere, the food was delicious, the restaurant including the men's room was very clean and the service from Calvin and a couple of the ladies was very attentive, with excellent recommendations.We'll be back!
Service is always slow and waiters not friendly.  Service seems to be better on bar side.  Have to clean dirty dishes off our table ourselves
Café de quartier très sympa. Le must: la terasse en ete est agréable. Par contre en hivers et quand il fait plus froid je ne trouve pas ça très agréable d'être assis à l'intérieur,  ça sent la nourriture à mon goût
Gordo ' s is one of my new favorites. They are always friendly and the food is good. I ordered the nachos, 5 carne asada tacos and a carne asada burrito.  It was ready within minutes. They have a new salsa bar that looks good.
Very good, very busy at lunch and very affordable. They are a little short staffed but the service was still good. My wife and I ordered the same thing and we both liked it quite a bit. For the same price as a McDonald's trio you get a very flavorful and healthy alternative. Will become a regular place to visit for sure.
The food was great, and the prices were not bad :) Our food was ready for pick up in 10 minutes. The cashew chicken was perfect and delicious!
Don't waste your time. Drunk obnoxious patrons, screaming children, horrible fish and minuscule portions. We were in and out within 5 minutes.
Friendly service ,Good food ! Little $$ but very good food! Will be back to try out some more of their menu items!
awesome food here . service very good and friendly you have to try this place. i will come back again
I love this place !!great service and food is always amazing :]]] I love stoping by right after work, it always hits the spot. Great for ordering lunch for the whole office.
A little pricier than I'd like, but non meat options are often times far and few. Also, the alternative to the regular bun was just plain wheat toast. I ordered a grilled garden burger, which I thought was pretty good, but not particularly special.  The patty on this one looked like it had quinoa mixed with the other vegetables, which was cool, but I was sooo hungry, I felt like there was barely any patty! Cereallly, that patty is like so thin. Anyhow, the avocado added to the sandwich was an awesome idea! Avocados over everything. Every sandwich comes with a choice of salad, fries, or sweet potato fries.  I got the sweet potato fries, which were also good...as normal? They're pretty hard to mess up lol. But maybe I'm a hefty eater, I just thought the portions were small. Oh, I also purchased the Triple Berry Smoothie! (See?? So famished!) And I thought it was refreshing and not overly sweet. I also appreciate that they can omit the yogurt. All in all, decent lunch spot. Prices range from about $8 up (my 16oz smoothie was $6), and I thought that the portions could have been larger considering the price tag, but that's just me.  I will probably return as they are in the neighborhood of my usual whereabouts if I tire of the my regular go-to's.
I'm sitting here now rotting away. Waiting and waiting for an omelette and a salad to go. I'm the only customer here too. Not even another take out order. Every time I come here it just gets slower and slower. They've messed up my order during my past 2 visits here. Let's hope they at least get this one right. I hope the original founder of Rachel's, who built an amazing business in Summerlin, reads this. Get over to this location and crack the whip. The staff is slow and spend too much time chatting with one another. Oh, and the last time my order was messed up, I sent it back, and caught a nasty glare from a chef in the kitchen. Real welcoming and comforting. I just got to my office with the order and had to add...No wonder the order took so long, they were burning omelet. Dry and gross. This is my last time coming to this location.
Love this place it great for a quick breakfast on a busy morning. Also the support the community as a sponsor of the summerlin north baseball league. Awesome place.
Service was excellent.  Only issue is our meals were way more salty than necessary. Wife loved the Blood Orange margarita.
Yum. Yum. Yum. Great staff, great food!  Will be returning again and again!!  Had the large stuffed Loop pizza... It was HUGE!
This gym will suit the needs of 80% of the people. Lots of cardio equipment.  Limited weight lifting machines.  Serious body builders will be dissatisfied.  Planet fitness strives to maintain a judgement free gym. You shouldn't feel intimidated going here.
Their chefs walked out one day and it hasn't been the same since.  This was one of the two places we would go for sushi.  We use to go here almost every other week.  It's not the same.  We now enjoy Sakana.
Large portions. Good food. Quick. Good salsa.  We stop here next time and recommend it to everybody. Large burrito is about $10. 3 taco plate under $10.
Tacos are okay.  Beans are nasty and price is pretty expensive for shitty tacos. Avoid all cost I'm sure there are better taco place is vegas
Reminds me of Chipotle, the pork is the way to go!It's a little hidden around a corner. We got the street tacos and a bowl. Not a big beer selection of a lot of seating.
Great cappuccino!  If you end up in terminal 4 in gates C11-C20 definitely stop by!  The staff is great and you even get a real barista steamed milk foam leaf on top of your drink.  I wish these places would skip the Splenda and start carrying some stevia sweetener, but the sugar in the raw gets the job done.
This isn't even my terminal. I went out of my way to come get a pour over! This is now a good day
Small portion sizes for the price.  Inefficient, slow, especially for an airport location.  When I ordered two items, somehow the 2nd drink was never made and I'm standing there, on and on, watching other people who arrived after me receive their little lattes.  There was absolutely nothing special or deviant about my order.  After finally asking what's up, there was no acknowledgment that a mistake was made, nor an apology.  I don't care how local you are and how trendy you are, order accuracy, efficiency, and customer service still matter.
Love, love, love the wings! Another bonus is that the atmosphere is very chill and they've got amazing burgers to boot!
Live Jazz on Sundays and great set menus .during the week. Sunday roast was a highlight and enough beef for 2! Also where else gives you two massive Yorkshire puddings as standard. Galvins was a real treat and we loved it!
Wow, this place blew my mind! We were here for my sisters 30th, food, ambience and service were all spectacular! Thoroughly enjoyed!! Best Thai food in town, don't miss out...
Great barber and great guy. Super reasonably priced. Old school barber. Sells Johny B products at less than you can buy them anywhere else. Finishes the cut with a electric massage and hot towel. Not to be missed.
Love it!!!! Great idea for a nice relaxing hang out with friends and family! With the different restaurants to pick from is a nice variety.
I have volunteered for this rescue and adopted 3 dogs from them. Thanks Ohana!!  Thanks
I was so happy to try this innovative, unique restaurant that is new to Edinburgh. I was pleasantly surprised to see such beautiful presentation of the food of each course that came out (see my pictures!) and also by how delicious each dish was.I bought a Groupon for a two-course dinner here and last night my boyfriend and I came to try out Riverlife since I had been intrigued by the Caribbean-inspired French menu. The staff were extremely friendly and welcoming, and the menu hosted a great selection of dishes. We had figs wrapped in pancetta and mushrooms stuffed with blue cheese for starters. Each dish had an explosion of flavours and was fantastic (and beautiful!). My boyfriend had the delicious jerk chicken that had fantastic flavour but would have been a tad too spicy for me to have by myself, but I enjoyed a taste. I enjoyed the rack of lamb with potatoes provincale and ratatouille. The restaurant is BYOB which works well if you are suitably prepared. It was a fantastic meal and we also enjoyed delicious coffee to round it out. I enjoyed the fantastic menu and different items that you wouldn't find elsewhere in Edinburgh.
Food and service are great! The scallop is about to beat Gordon Ramsay's  will definitely return !
Ambience decor still feels like a Chinese restaurant. We shall see how their traditional dishes fair.I ordered the Pollo Saltado and I was interestingly surprised. The white rice parsley and vegetable stir-fry mixed with the chicken was the perfect meal for me. Order usually comes with french fries yet I declined this option. I did request their hot salsa, this was an icing for my tastes buds, not for the "mild" salsa eaters.I am looking forward to trying a new dish here soon.
Ceviche was delicious... Sweet corn drink also, I definitely coming back, I know it's a new place but as extra person in front to the house helping waitress would improve the service,
Did not return our call.  We waited 2 hours before we called someone else.  After 10 hours still haven't heard from him.  I guess he has enough business and doesn't need ours.
Really amazing customer service. Highly recommend! Super nice and friendly. Fast quick service
Really good food and customer service. Love this place. Price is very reasonable. Lots of seating at this location.
Amazing service! I felt so welcome and at home. Everyone is so friendly! The messages are inspiring! I've only been to the Scottsdale campus. Can't wait to visit the others!
Great food and service. Spinach enchilada was awesome! My friend had mushroom enchilada that was great too! Highly recommend this cafe.
Ehhhh so so. Pretty bland for mexican food. Not impressed. Service and ambience were good, however.
Great food and even better service.  Dropped by while in town, got a seat right away and food shortly after.
Seen this little truck rolling round town decided to try it... pretty good. Worth the stop, fair prices.
Still on my Ragnar high!!! Anyone who loves running needs to put a Ragnar on their bucket list. So fun! This was my first Ragnar Relay, so I can only compare it to other races in general, but there were some definite pros and cons about this Relay. The basics: - 12 man team (or 6 if you go ultra). - Each runner picks what runner number they want to be and you run three legs, predetermined by Ragnar. I was runner 9, and ran the same 3 legs as all runner 9s. - 2 Vans of 6 runners. When your van is running, you support your runner (cheering, water breaks). When your van is off, you can go and rest, eat, shower, etc. - There are exchange points where runners pass a slap bracelet baton. The volunteers call out the race bib number of the approaching runner, so your next runner can be waiting in the box (you have to exchange in the orange caution tape areas) to start. Ragnar volunteers write down your team bib number and the time you exchanged, to make sure that there is no cheating (skipping a leg). Pros: - Race communication goes through a team captain. - Start times are staggered (teams with slower projected finish times start the earliest), every half hour, with no more than 20 teams starting at once, making it not congested at all!- Exchanges (Usually at parks or local churches) had plenty of parking and restrooms (porta potties and/or public restrooms)- Finish line was super efficient! After your team runs through (your whole team can run through together!) you are handed a packet with 12 medals and stickers.Cons:- While the race app was nice to have (maps, elevation directions to exchanges, race bible), many of the legs had the wrong start/finish and elevation posted; it was flipped. So what looked like a all downhill leg was in actuality and all UPHILL leg. No Bueno! - Sometimes the exchanges were very far from parking. - Most legs were pretty clear, but a couple did not have good signage posted so there was some confusion on which way to go. - A few legs were a different distance that what was posted (I was supposed to do a 5.1, 6.1, and 3.5 and the actual legs ending up being 5.1, 5.25, and 2.5). Overall, the pros far outweighed the cons. The race was so much fun, running on no sleep is not for the faint of heart, but you'll never forget it! And! My team took 2nd place for all women's teams. Booyah!!!
Not bad, but very greasy Asian style food. It's a hot spot and is always busy. So be prepared to wait a while. The guys there are nice. One problem is it's kind of old school with the whole only cash deal.
Terrible customer service. Owner has no idea how to talk with people politely. If you're planning on doing business with her, make an appointment, or else she won't bother dressing with you.
Great service and great food! Always come here for lunch special! The teriyaki chicken is one of my favorite! They are also pretty fast with service. Just my opinion though, you just have to find out for yourself
Very delicious food and amazing service! I come here on my lunch break sometimes and it's really authentic! The honey chicken is definitely recommended!
Amazing the honey walnut shrimp was delicious!  Portions were family sized and the spicy soup was great.  Very clean and quiet.
Ordered my typical Kiwi Quencher, tasted perfect today! Perfect amount of sweetness, recommend everyone to come and get one too. My sis got an island green and loved it.
They were very responsive and took great care of our cat who doesn't travel well.  They answered questions over the phone to see if we could avoid making her travel, but once we realized we had to go, they did everything they could to make her comfortable.
Fresh lemonade is incredible!This is an exceptional lunch spot. I can't say enough good things about the food, everything is made on premises. The soups and quiche are just astounding. I have lunch and then I just generally grocery shop there and take home a few more meals, I like the food so much. The gals who run the place are absolutely hysterical. Most of the humor verges on the NO, you didn't just say that and I spend most of my time at the bar, thinking OMG as I wolf down my fresh turkey sandwich....These ladies are funny.  You love this place for lunch and laughs, I certainly do.
Absolutely amazing. Best coffee I've ever had. And the desserts were wonderful! The people that work there are very friendly. We don't live here but if we come threw we will be back!
Parisian hot chocolate. The best in town!I'll be back for it. Very nice place and great atmosphere
Very filling at a good price.The Burrito is goodThe Nacho plates is excellent really recomand
Always a good experience being adjusted by Dr. Scott Gillespie. I've had extreme back pains and after my adjustments, the pain went away. I have become a regular customer and visit every couple months to make sure I'm aligned properly
Dr Light is the best! He's very attentive, extremely knowledgable and I always walk out feeling better. The other Drs have always been great when he's not in, but there is something about Dr Light that I prefer over the other Drs. I've been seeing Dr Light since he started at the location, maybe two years or so ago. He helped me stay balanced and comfortable throughout my entire pregnancy with my first child. The round ligament pain, back pain etc that I hear other women complain about was never an issue for me, thanks to Dr Light. He really kept me feeling my best, and that made me feel like I was doing the best for my baby. Speaking of my baby, he's been treating her since she was 2 months old. She only sees him every other month or so, but I have to attribute her hitting her mile stones ahead of the curve to her body functioning at its best. I ride horses for a living, with at times can come with accidents. My first stop is always Dr Light. The one time I thought I was too hurt to see him, I walked around in pain for two weeks. Finally went to see him and literally walked out of his office feeling better. Dr Light genuinely cares about his patients. Sometimes it may mean you sit in the waiting room for a little bit. While that can be annoying, I just look at it like someone is going to be waiting on him when I'm back there, and I appreciate that he cares about everyone. The prices are more than fair for what you get. I send everyone I know in to see him! You won't be sorry if you do too.
Great place! Convenient and quick. I would recommend to anyone. Please try it out. Dr.O is great!
Can't do better the the joint it's the bestIt's convenient and easy to get to send all My friends and clients there they love it
Quick fix, low price and many convenient locations including California.They have different price packages that will fit anyone's budget .
Loved Barros old recipe. Sauce and crust is different. Staff very nice every time. Just so much crust.
Love it!!!! If you are a big fan of cirque du soleil!!!!!! Get your camera ready for the show!
Love this club!! The cirque du soleil performers were the highlight of my night! Our cocktail waitress and busser was so friendly and extremely attentive. Love them!! Def will b coming back!! :))
Run run run away...unless u want to donate moneyFood quality /quantity  : poor/ largePoor service and grumpy  waiters. ..feel bad for them...they all r retirees At the end it's all about poor quality  food..chef may have forgot about his role
Always my favorite steakhouse great service great food   Love the iced teas where you can put your own amount of liquid sweetener in it. It's the little things that make me happy.
Great service, atmosphere, and delicious food! Fresh perfection! I love that they offer a buckwheat option.
Great place to come for brunch on a lazy SundayService and food was good. There is free parking in the garage and I would recommend going in early for a table because the dining area is a bit small.
Great place to come for brunch on a lazy SundayService and food was good!Would definitely come back for brunch
I run this every morning, love it. It's clean, safe, and dog friendly. I love the mile markers.
1 star because you have to pay to get in and also to go to the upstairs. I don't believe in this establishment anymore this was a great spot but now they are just greedy
Just left this bakery...lots of goodies to choose from. Everything looked great and smelled delicious throughout. Reasonably priced. Friendly employees, snicker cake was ok. Coffee made fresh to order!
Eat upstairs, much quieter than the hectic atmosphere of everyone ordering downstairs.I've been three times, the quality of the burger is sometimes a gamble, and my burger has been messed up on two occasions. Fries are always excellent, however.
Pad thai chicken is the bomb!! I love this dish. You get a good amount for the price. I want to try more dishes here. I have also tried the shrimp rice and the shrimp pad thai and they are good too.  When you eat in, there is a server there by the name of Ana and she is very nice. Excellent customer service and very pleasant to have as a server.
Great service!Food is on point.. Flavors are so good.I love this place. Already been back a second time and I will continue to go:)
My favorite Thai place in the valley. Highly recommend the Pad Thai. I am not able to eat really spicy or hot food and every time I order from here they understand thst. The wait staff is very good and willing to help at anytime.
Just found out about this secret treasure!  Love this studio and the staff!!!! I haven't practiced yoga in a studio for a while, but this place is very welcoming to Yogi's of all levels! I love power flow with Shannon- she's got a great energy and inspires me to challenge myself! Love love love this studio! If you are going for the first time, park off Glenway by the bank- its easier to find! :)
Legit Mexican food, tortillas look handmade and the prices are right.  Salsa is fresh and really good too.
Fantastic bathroom. Clean, high quality, bright, and even the soap was purple. This club seems very intent on the color purple being the official color and boy do they own it, couches and carpet and some lighting is all purple.Great place.
Decent subs.  Nothing spectacular, but good value for the price.  Certainly beats subway.
Smothered fries! Yummm! Everything was really well made :)
Tasty, healthy, great location, creative menu & great service.Not your typical "museum " restaurant.
I'm a little hooked in this place. It's great because it's fast and cheap. Plus everyone that works there are so nice. I eat here for work lunch, and even on a time crunch but don't want fast food, this is the place.
Always a pleasure going here. Friendly people. Not the fastest, but always good. This is a great location and ample parking for your sandwich fix!If you have a need for a 12 inch sandwich, check out tide subway!!!!
Excellent service! Sandwiches are great every time! They also will grill the wraps for you- which makes them even better. Cookies are a nice treat also. Always soft and fresh. You are always greeted as soon as you walk in the door, and the staff makes sure that they are hustling to get their customers fed as soon as possible. Ingredients are always fresh and ripe. Facility is exceptionally clean and neat. Best Port of Subs in town, hands down!
Great food!! The blue burger was amazing.Service wasn't bad but over all presentation was decent.
Mycket bra mat, trevlig personal, snabbt omhändertagande! Lyhörd lokal, fick sitta vid ett stökigt sällskap men utan att vi behövde säga något så erbjöd personalen oss ett mer avskilt bord!
Great customer service and amazing prices!!!!I walked in knowing exactly what I wanted to buy and the customer service that comes along with purchasing is beyond GREAT!
Great food! Be careful not to order too spicy!I enjoy eating here. You can get a great meal for under 30 dollars for three
Excellent service-love these girls! Professional and helpful! Highly recommend Jackie!
Very nice staff, clean and inviting!! They are so friendly, quick, and helpful. I will definitely come here when I need to, and I appreciate the care and attitude of the entire staff.
Toooo hot! I think you will be more sick by coming here :/ they need to turn up the AC!!!! It's summer time!!!!!
Love the new scratch game.. Thanks for all the goodies. I have won many drinks and food items. The cashiers are always friendly. Great prices on gas too.
.59 fountain drinks! Can't go wrong! Weird people at night, but that's any gas station.
Down to earth, and professional. Arauna is awesome! Can't get much better! Clean, updated equipment. If you want a real traditional Polynesian tattoo, go to the man from Tahiti. He's open to fresh ideas as well, which is cool. All around great tattoo experience! Thanks brother!
Poor experience and terrible service. Waiter was rude and gave extremely lackluster service. They a get two stars bcs the music was good.
3 words: simply the bestLove the ambience, the food is simply amazing. Service is good. Love  the cocktails there , they also have a really nice  patio outside with heating lamps. This place is obviously my favorite place in montreal, no doubt about it.
This place was one of the few thai places open at 10:30AM (my stomach thought it was lunch time). I called in and the girl was quick to take and repeat my order:1. beef salad - surprising amount of beef! but needs more lettuce and juice/sauce. i love any beef salad, this was middle of the road good flavor wise. the beef on it though was better than average because it was cooked well, wasn't chewy, and there was a ton of it.2. beef pad see ew - not bad, not great, just averagely good.  i wish there was more broccoli in it. 3. green curry - i debated between yellow and green and the waitress said "our yellow curry is more popular but i like the green curry flavor more". so i went with the green curry with chicken. it comes with white rice, and is the greenest green curry I've ever seen. almost a lime green. the color threw me off but the curry itself was good. Good consistency, packed with veggies and thin (maybe too thin) slices of chicken. I told them "mild spicy" and it was on the tame side. i'll try this again next time but with "medium spicy"10% off if you pay cash! (which I didn't have) .... my total came out to $30.11
Excellent beef salad!! Ordered level 3 for Tom Yum and was very spicy. Too spicy for me, but great flavor otherwise.
Updated to give another star. Got the pad Thai chicken recently, and it was tasty. I think they have taken steps to improve the food here. Lunch specials are decently priced, so not a bad place to grab some quick Thai if you're in the area.
Great service and price.  Got us in quickly and we will definitely be back.The area is safe and the facility is clean inside.  Staff was friendly and accommodating.
Mediocre burger. Decent pierogis. Loud. Overpriced. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit, but it would be a nice place for a group or a date.
Best Ramen in Pittsburgh!!! I went to there twice, and the ramen was so yummy. I could not love it more.
don't go here. end of story. disaster. even the technicians talk smack about the owner, my lashes feel off within LESS than a week and also made my natural lashes 1/4 the length and thickness they were before
Closed at 5:00 pm? And it's no where to be found??? This place is either closed? Or a dump?
Hostess has no idea what is going on, sushi did not look good; I didn't eat it. It is a busy location but bad even by airport standards.
Really appreciate when owners care about their customers. This owner does. Still a little expensive, in my opinion. Yet, they corrected the problem I was having.
Best tours in town . The nicest. Crew in vegas. Strongly recommended . Make sure you book your tour. At night fir amazing view
New owner! Great food especially white pizza ! Yummy!! They had c rating and service was bad! Now with new owner ! Much great improvement! Cheap to eat and good daily specials!
Horrible  and the customer service bad as well don't waste ur time. The Russian lady as well as the lady with bangs were very unprofessional
Absolutely the best pho in Vegas! Great service, great location, nice decor comfortable atmosphere.
This place is delicious! the soup is very good.  My husband  ordered the super sized bowl of noodle soup (he's a big eater)  it was the perfect amount. It was only  a couple dollars more for double the amount. So it would be a good idea to maybe go with a friend and share a bowl of the supersize.  The costumer service was great and the place itself looked very nice. Overall we had a good experience here and would definetly come back again.
Server: HeilyMature Asian woman who actually smiles!A+My first time dining here was wonderful. Heily is very kind and attentive. Our table ordered a good portion of the menu and the one thing that stood out is that the beef is exquisite (tender/pink)...oddly too perfect. I needed it to be a bit on the medium well because of my poor preference for how I need to eat firmer meat. Lol. When I brought this to Heily's attention...she knew exactly how I felt. I appreciated the fact she was capable of empathizing with me.  The food and service were excellent. Thank you for the meal!
Come hungry. They also have lunch!!  The place is cute.  Great for a quick stop.  Has wine, beer and well, cheese.  I was expecting a lot more choices but they did have a small variety and I ended up purchasing a dill havarti.  They did have samples of three different cheeses.There is not a lot to talk about.  I was expecting Elehnbachs or the Mouse House type experience but it was not quite up to par.  If I had not been comparing it to those, I think it would have been fine.There is parking in the back.  Take the walkway towards the front of the place.  I got a little confused but it does make sense.
Best tacos Al Pastor since Mexico City!!!Very helpful staff. The others are correct when they rave about the sauces !
Great service I am very satisfied . The lady is so cute and friendly , highly recommend.
Best massage I've ever had, at a third of the price. Full body massage with hot stone. Amazing.
Most disgusting sushi ever.  As each dish came forward on the conveyor belt, it was like watching some bizarre game of chance.  Not really knowing if the next bite was going to make you sick(er)....
Whoot whoot,  got a beautiful new ring. They greeting us as soon as we walked in.  They gave us a chance to look around.  We found a couple of rings we liked.  Found our final ring we liked, and it was a done deal.  They were so smooth to work with.  And my ring was already in my size.   I walked out the door with it on my finger!
Always professional and great rates! If you're out bar hopping or just need a ride somewhere call these guys! I've used them for years!
The service was good but the food was overpriced and flavorless.Chicken tenders: greasy and bland.Steak & Frites: both bland.
Wouldn't recommend this if you're in a rush. Very slow service. We waited over 30 minutes for eggs and the people next to us had to leave before their food arrived because they were going to miss their flight. Also, warning: the omelet are made from a pre-mixed egg formula and are completely disgusting. We sent ours back. All in all, I would not recommend.
Everything is good. Everything. So refreshing!My wife and I moved away from Phx just as Snoh was getting big, and wow do we miss it. We recently came back from Philadelphia and drove out to Phx from the East Valley just to eat at Snoh. It is truly better than any Snoh I had in Taiwan -- they know what they're doing! We would gladly fly back just to eat Snoh again. Keep up the good work guys.
Can't ever get enough! I have come here so many times. The atmosphere is hip and I love the art on the walls. Will I come back? Yes! I always order the taro with boba and condensed milk. I find it so hard to try other flavors! The brick toast is also really good. Super decadent and perfectly sweet. I'm so glad this place exists!
Taro with boba. Best dessert ever! Need to go 24/7 cause I'm always craving it. Fun place to go and hang out with friends outside of the bar scene.. it's every big child's dream
The most delicious thing I've ever had  kind of expensive but I think it's worth it. Very busy but fast service and the staff is very nice.
Love love this place great treats and love their house milk tea with boba :). One day I'm gonna try the brick toast and the Taro, everything either looks delicious or is delicious!!!
Incredible! Immortal machine. Too many ingredients to list but the most delicious and nutritious smoothie. Also recommend the turmeric flush with a Wheatgrass pour over is crazy delicious. They also have these Rice crispy treats that have more healthy ingredients that most of us get in a week - even including unexpected ingredients like tahini. They are in their cold case to the right of the front ordering area. You can also grab a fresh salad as well. They make them each day and plop them right in the ol' fridge as well. I noticed one with Soba noodles... everything else is mostly gluten free as well. WAY better than any juice place I have ever visited. Ever.
Love love love my hair! Will definitely become a regular with Tatjana! Thank you so much!
This place uses the same distributor as where I used to get Raspberry Balsamic Vinegar in Sacramento!  Superb!!!!  Best I've ever had! Unfortunately last week I went by to get more of that beautiful balsamic and they are no longer in business.  Total disappointment, as I loved this and have told so many people about it.  Perhaps it was a cost thing...it was a bit pricey.
The food is really delicious. Everytime I come to Vegas, I like to come here. The service is very good and the servers are very nice. I brought my sorority sisters to celebrate a bachelorette and the food was served quickly.
Great prices !!Nice people !!They have 9locations through out Vegas!  I recommend if you wanna save money Or take the whole family !
Great inexpensive wraps.  Just right sized for meal.  Fruit side is outstanding. Garlic fries are tasty if you don't mind an unhealthy indulgence.  Free flavored water out of this world.  Felt guilty how low the bill was compared to quality.  I've been back a few times and will keep returning.  I just wish they were open for dinner.
The braised pork shank is unbelievably delicious! But don't order it if you have less than three people to go in with. The plate is so huge!This is the best Chinese Restaurant off the strip in Vegas. What stand out most are it's decoration, cleaness, and most importantly, the great taste of the entries. If you want to treat your lady, your business partner or someone you care a lot about, with delicious Chinese that is on par or better than the best sushi or steak dinner you've had, try Bund Shanghai. You won't be dissapointed.
Great lunch specials. The soup dumplings are the best in town! Great staff and atmosphere. Parking is a little tight but worth it.
This is a good Shanghainese restaurant，I love the grill fish，reminds me of my hometown！And good service.
Watching this seasons Hell's Kitchen and realizing that Ramsey made a mistake on the head chef who ever it is. The place is pricy and the food is not good at all. I have been to quite a few pubs and this does not serve real pub food. The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of one is the beer was good but still pricy even at Vegas prices.
Loved it. The pub chips with onion dip was fantastic as was the cheese dip with pretzel bread. My wife and I split the fish and chips and it was still more food than we could finish. Oh and the fish was battered crispy and melt in your mouth inside. Our server, Ali, was pleasant and knowledgable. He checked often and the service was fantastic all around.
Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Terrible service, terrible food! Did I say Terrible service, terrible food? Yes skip this restaurant!!!
This place offers good English pub comforts (bangers and mash, Shepard pie, etc) but the real draw here is the casual atmosphere, good beer and fun waiters. Our waiter (my brother from another mother, Christopher) was awesome and took very good care of us. Sadly, they no longer offer complimentary bread anymore. IMHO, it's good food but a little pricey. But then again, you're on the strip and inside ceasars so I guess it's to be expected.
One of the better meals I've ever had in my life.  Came here as a large group for a fun dinner out. Server was awesome. He was outgoing and fun. Food was amazing. Everyone shared and we had a great time!!!Ordered the beer braised short rib and it did not disappoint. My friends were all jealous. Compliments to the chef who came out to check on us. He talked with us and asked how we liked the good. Props man!! We were greeted by the manager as well half way thru. All around a top notch establishment.
AMAZINGLY good!  Service was excellent.  Atmosphere was very relaxing and staff was very knowledgeable.  Look forward to going back again.
The food and service were a-mazing. Well done Chef, well done! Had the sticky toffee pudding. Was the best thing with sauce to die for.
Goodbye Blue Sky- Delish!Time for some Truffle chips and Lamb burger. Don't forget the toffee pudding!
Ótimo atendimento !!!! Ambiente maravilhoso !!! Sanduíche espetacular é enorme !!!!fuca localizado dentroDo hotel ceasars las vegas
Professional, on time,  everything was perfect. Highly recommend.We also had a piece to move at the house which they moved upstairs for us.
Closed until 12/21. :( I submitted the business info for this business as it wasn't in the database but for some reason my review went to some other location! At any rate, here are my thoughts:This location recently opened and is quickly becoming my favorite wine shop. My girlfriend and I recently stumbled upon this store on Rainbow while driving home and we decided to stop and take a look. Although not as big as other liquor stores in Vegas, this place offers a pretty good selection of wines and spirits at reasonable prices. It is worth mentioning the store clerk/manager Steve is an amazing and courteous gentleman. I am a newbie in the wine scene and he has no issues answering all my questions and making some really good recommendations. Since my first visit, Steve has introduced me to Malbec wine from Argentina, Chenin Blanc, and most recently, a Riesling from Oklahoma (I am yet to taste it)... he has even gone above and beyond in trying to get a wine I am looking for and said he'll talk to his district supervisor to try and get it. What a nice guy!This place is open from 8am to 11:50pm, so if you are in a crunch to get some wine just drop by this place!
The quiche Lorraine was so amazing.  Just rich goodness!!  This week I tried the Mushroom Crepe.  Was good with plenty of mushrooms.
The pastries were great!! Croque madame was much bigger than I thought it would be. Definitely a must-go. It's far from where I live but I'll be making special trips just to go here.
Love the atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious pastries! Highly recommend! Great place to relax with a cup of coffee and your laptop.
We try to go here every weekend, everything is freshly prepared. The crepes are wonderful as is the breads, pastries and coffee. Best bakery in Las Vegas!! If I could give more stars I would
I love the Chocolat croissants. Quaint french bakery for a drop in with friends or family. Everything I've tried here has been to my satisfaction. In a good way.
Omg!!!! Loved the pastries and service! The place is comfortable and clean. Just hanging out with my son for breakfast . We had the croissant and the almond croissant.
It's a gas station. Nothing special. The pumps look pretty disgusting. The glass was too scratched up to see the numbers. The entire place looks like it needs a good cleaning.
A fast food chain with healthier food than most. There is a large selections of soups and salads and an adequate selection of sandwiches.I had the chicken pesto panini with (veggie chowder) soup combo. The sandwich was a little small with some chicken between decent but not hard bread.  The large bowl of soup was peppery and good even though the veggies were chopped fine. Pepsi is the drink vender but there were also four thermos jugs of different teas--the black tea was good; the green tea had an odd flavor. In addition Italian soda floors were at the beverage counter.My companions had salads that they enjoyed.Service is fast and the place is efficiently organized.
Great breakfast burritos! This guy kills it.. Car wash, gas, oil change and burrito!
Great food extremely generous portions my new go to place for Mexican food. Who knew that you could find great food in a gas station.
Errrr why does there yelp not have hours there open... why no hours and not website!!!!!!!"
Awesome chicken chimichanga. Will definetly be back again. Hopefully the debit/cc machine will be fixed by then lol.
The best fish tacos in Las Vegas! As authentic as it gets.  The staff is very friendly, the prices are the best in town, and the status man is very clean and well kept.
Great Chinese restaurant! Definitely be back again! Nice environment.Great Chinese restaurant! Definitely be back again! Nice environment.
Steak was not cooked to order.  Server acted like she did not care.  Appetizer to share was small and not that good. Side Mac and cheese was great.
This place sucks, overpriced and no flavor, its really a zero star place. If you like taste less chain restaurants go here, it is one of those chili's or red lobster or some such
Best pizza in town.  Bar none.  Killer fresh salads.  Worth the trip from hendertucky
The food is amazing.  We r regulars.  Can't get enough.  Recommendation:  two topping max.  White piZza the best.  We hear every chance we can, but not often enough for our case. The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, and the food is amazing. The cannolis are to die for... My daughter loves them and ask for them on every occasion. But my dad here for his 80th birthday and he loved it.
This place is always great... Plus, Nick is awesome!!! :D  So is Ivan!!! Best pizza around!
The staff was amazing and the food was great. Wood fires pizza is excellent. Love the wine bar
Good and fast service pizzas were great we will come back the cannolis small but delishes
Great service great location. The food consistent as other locations as 4 stars. Would be nice it the patio had more trees bit it doesn't. Patio a bit too close to traffic.
Went and found the place closed. Sad because I was really looking forward to it. There was no sign on the door explaining the reason for closing, but everything had been removed from the front window. Obviously will not be reopening anytime soon, if at all.
Everything was awesome!! The tech was awesome!! She was very nice and took lots of pictures!! We had to wait a few minutes but that was fine!! :-)
Show up on a Saturday at 1030 and they're closed... I'm hoping next weekend they'll be open... It would have been nice if they had put a note or something up saying closed.....
Awesome school, great environment. My daughters both went or are there. Love the staff
Lots of American made glassware and the owner is extremely patient and helpful. I came in being somewhat naive about the smoking culture. I felt welcomed and comfortable here. I wasn't nervous about finding what I needed. Thank you!
There is no inside dining. Only a few tables outside. Food was great!!  We walked into this place on a whim.  We were meeting friends at the theater at 6:30.  We decided to check this place out.  you walk in and it is kinda baron.  There are two deli/bakery  type counters.  The menu board advertised different pizzas.  The one deli case had different baklava's and I'm guessing other desserts.  The other had deli meats, feta cheese, olives, hummus and other mayo type salads.  There was a sign on the counter for a Garlic Chicken which looked like a panini and a bag of chips.  So after asking what was in the sandwhich we find out that it is feta cheese, garlic sauce, real pulled chicken, lettuce and tomato.  This is what I ordered.  When I opened the box I was surprise to see that the sandwich was on a sub roll vs a panini.  While we were waiting we found out that this was a new owner and he only took over less than 2 weeks ago.  So it seems that there are some thinks that need to be worked out.  The sandwich was delicious. The bread was fresh not too tough, nice and soft.  The ingredients were fresh as well.  I would eat here again but it's not a place to eat with a group of friends and hang out.
Best donuts!!!!!!! Highly recommend!!!!!! I really love the glazed and definitely auger powder! Can't agree more to go there over again and again!
The PRICES!? Astronomical! TJ Maxx Marshall's... Buy new this place is a rip!Service is nice, I made a donation but I would not buy here for the price I can get new furniture for same price.
We had a great meal here with excellent service.  The atmosphere was very nice.  We had a pizza,gnocchi and a cheeseburger all was very good.
The pasta pomodoro was so good! AndThe pizza dough is to die for!!! I will definitely be back!
Had the lobster ravioli and have to say it was delicious. The service was great and the price was great since I had a coupon that gave me the second entree free.
They email me pictures of the work they did on my roof so I know something was really done!  Mike did all kinds of extra work for me at no cost while he was on my roof and showed us pictures of other issues that may be a problem down the road.  Very professional, high energy, thorough, and even got me in earlier than expected even though all the rains we recently got has made them busy.  I highly recommend these guys and will use them in the future.
Since I came to USA this was my best haircut thank you mr Tony!! Will be more than happy to come back!
Love this place. Ask for Twin. She's amazing!Very rare to find a nail tech to have good conversation with while getting beautified instead of sitting in awkward silence.
Great time. First race, well managed, fun.  Loved the photographer throughout the race and seeing the photos later.   Sunset park was a nice run. I mi ig h to start running their more often.
Great food. Friendly service. Always good food and fast. I go here about once a week  shakes are great also. Try the cookie shake.
I am a vegetarian and I like their veggie black bean patty sandwich. I love it !!So if you don't add too many sauces then it taste too awsome.
Best fast-food sandwich place, hands down! The staff is always friendly, the sandwiches are always hot snd delicious, and it's just too darn convenient to have one of these do close to my job!
Awesome unbeetable smoothie and baja flatbread!  The beets with berries make this yummy while being healthy.  Love the drive thru
Took my wife with me to try this place that was highly recommended by a good friend. My friends recommendation was correct. Its an older building with minimum exterior beautification. The interior would remind you of a good old mom & pop restaurant. The staff are really friendly and appear to enjoy working at Letty's. My tip: Give this place a try.  My wife had the fish and chips and enjoyed it.  I had the beef stroganoff with a side salad and balsamic vinaigrette.  Apparently the great tasting sauce was absorbed by the egg noodles.  I assumed this was just another version of the famous dish so I dug in.  The flavors were excellent.  I asked our waitress about my dish lacking the sauce I am accustomed to.  She stated she would check wih the chef and get right back to me.  To my surprise, Letty appeared at my table and looked at my dish and listened my feedback.  She agreed with me about the lack of sauce and confirmed my suspicions.  Letty came returned to the table with a side of fresh sauce for me to add as I pleased.  That did the trick.  Please don't mistake this as a complaint, because it isn't.  Each of our meals also came with a biscuit.  They were very tasty and the texture was perfect.  I used mine to soak up the remainder of my stroganoff sauce.  Letty returned again and got acquainted with us.  Through conversation Letty became aware I was from Louisiana and wife from Scotland.  We began discussing Cajun and Creole style dishes.  Well, it's my lucky day.  Letty is going to email me when she features Etouffee as a special.  Letty is prepared to impress me, because I revealed to her I never order Cajun or Creole style foods outside Louisiana because I've been disappointed too many times in the past.  I am anxious for Letty to restore my confidence in the near future.  I suggest giving this place a try.  After only meeting Letty once, I can tell she knows the business and is committed to succeed.  I will probably become a regular at Letty's  I wish to give a special shout out to our friend Jackie for recommending we try Letty's.  Thanks for the tip!
Ready for another great meal! Really love the Portuguese Sizzling Shrimp! Always check to see what the chef special is for the day.
every thing is great pro great pasta agood place for family and everything feels great. it is my first time here, the server is very nice. This is also a beautiful place. I will come back later.
Had the penne vodka.  It was delicious. Melon mule ain't no moscow mule. service was good, doing this review for my free cannoli.
Service was superb!! Food outstanding!! First time here, but will be back. Wine selection is also outstanding. A little bit of everything. Again very attentive service! From the hostess, waiter, and manager.
The eggplant was fantastic. The bread is something you can't stop eating. The prices are really reasonable for being in Vegas.
Great service, great food!! Would definitely recommend this place for Italian food before a night out.
Fettuccine Casanova is delicious!! Great find while walking through the Venetian!! Nice and friendly waitstaff!!
Great service and great food highly recommend it great management and the seafood is fresh and the bread is warm. Best Italian food in Vegas
First time try here, hope I can get a good experience ; ) the waiters are very nice, and it has the table for us (11 persons  the lobster supreme looks nice, can't wait for
Best mushroom ravioli I've ever had! Great service.. And fancy Italian water!! It didn't taste like tap water. The pizza was pretty good too.. Kind of bacon-y. Great meatballs too! And you get free cannoli for writing a review!!
Great little Spot to eat.  The food is very authentic. I highly recommend trying this place out when close to Tolleson.
This location is closed. The store closed over a year ago. The nearest hallmark is on the NW corner of Rural & Ray.
Way too much noise!cut the massage to 45 minutes when it is supposed to be 1 hour!Not satisfied
Amazing burgers and Amazing Cookie Dessert!!Without a doubt this place has one of the best burgers I have ever tasted!Owner/Chief only uses the best products! Goes the extra mile to make take food good and healthy!
Fantastic burger joint! Fresh products, cool staff and great vibes. At first I found it to be a bit pricey,  but that's the price to pay for great burgers I imagine. Either way, they have an original range of choices to choose from and will satisfy most burger enthusiasts.
This place is worthless . office manager is brainless and incompetent. I doctor praggit is the only person around here that is concerned about the patients treatment .
Checking out some new grub!!Decor and service is really pleasant. It's just  you have to be really into Greasy Food. The sashimi was ok but the price is a little much but I can understand. The flavor of the fried food was pretty much the same as having things without the batter on it. Everything tasted like Tonkatsu with different tasting vegetables and meats. Word for my Sake Goers: They don't have liquor. Probably waiting for the licenses... Might be back? But not really into the whole fried food thing, and didn't see a deep fried desert which I think would have been fun to eat.
Delicious well prepared food. Excellent service. I am Japanese American and the first thing I noticed was that the place was packed with real Japanese people who spoke nothing but Japanese. Always a good sign when the natives come to eat at a restaurant far away from home. I had the katsu-don special and it was outstanding. My mother had the himachi dinner and she said it was fresh and tasty. Also had the short rib skewers as an appetizer and it was juicy and tender. Looking forward to eating there again the next time I am in Vegas
Excellent food and very friendly servers! Top in Vegas !!Good price, fresh food. Perfect
Food is delicious very nice and clean place to eat I had the spicy tuna roll I enjoyed my tome here. I had lunch with my kids and mom they also enjoyed it. My first trying Japanese food
I have been many time. Never get disappointed. Always well prepared food with authentic japanese flavor. I always recomend this place to people
Love the pork ear and baked tofu!!! The service is excellent, the so does the food. We had the pork cutlets, beef tongue, and baked mochi. Definitely recommend this place.
Will definitely come back again! Nice service nice food～好吃好吃 人都很nice我实在写不出来了 为什么不让我发 love love love the foooood!!!!!!!
This place rocks, pork bowl is awesome!!! and service is very nice! we'll come back again and again and again
Very friendly. Good service. Great prices. Lots of variety and different kinds of Japanese food.  Will come back and try the lunch menu next time.
not bad，many choice of kishiage，miso soup should add to combo. Service is pretty nice, confortable place to sit on.
Spicy Udon is very awesome!!!!!! The Yu-Yu special udon is awesome too!!!  I bought my Japanese girlfriend here and she says she wants to work here and that the waitress speaks very cute Japanese!!! And then she says not cute in Japan and I say Nooooooooooooooooooo don't say thaaaaaaaaattttttt!!!
It is the best restaurant that I have ever eaten at!They have the best house salad! The service was excellent! They have the best soup I have ever tasted!had a  great time!
It is the best restaurant that I have ever eaten at!They have the best house salad! The service was excellent! The waitress was so friendly and helpful .They have the best soup I have ever tasted!had a  great time!
Good kushi katsu vegas. Been here 2 times now. 1st grand opening time. Seems a lot busier now. Nice staff. Great lunch specials
Excellent skewers at reasonable price. Ordered 15 piece combo and a few sided orders, enough to feed 2 adults and one child.
Great food at reasonable prices!!!! I highly recommend this place.... service is fast and venue is very clean. I had a party of for workmates and we got done with lunch within 40 minutes.
Good food and a fun experience.  Fried Japanese delights, sushi and awesome appetizers.
Best sushi we ever had !! Real nice people and great food.. Try the Japanese sake !! The ume wine!!
Great food at great prices. Fast service. Nice atmosphere. Wud definitely repeat. the tonkatsu was very good, Yu Yu soup was tasty. They even let u grind ur own sesame
I just had Yakiudon and deluxe pork fillet cutlet combo. They are good. Combo is reasonable.
This is the worst dragon roll and udon I have ever had! This is definitely not a good choice if you want to taste real Japanese food!
Taste good and spend little! Just near the 99 ranch market. Easy to find. The writer is very helpful. Typically a Japanese cuisine.
thank you!!! they're able to fix my water damaged iPhone 6  very happy with the girl helping me. she was very attentive & nice.
Super fast super friendly!!! Very clean!!! Everyone was very helpful defiantly cone back but hopefully I won't have to. Screen looks just like new
The New York sub was delicious!!!! And I loved that a pickle came with it.... The staff was very friendly and explained the menu since it was our first time there
Fantastic customer service!!! Eric is always giving advice and is passionate about  his business.
Cute place. Our first time here.  They start out by giving you fresh bread and olive oil w/balsamic vinegar for dipping.  Yum!  Rob had a bacon and pepperoni pizza,  had a meatball calzone.  Very good, light and fresh.  The place had a consistent flow of customers, which to me says something.  We defiantly will go back.
They have the best sandwich in America!The bobbie is my favorite!!!!Their staffs are friendly and fast..I will back fosho..Ohhh yeahhhh....
Not a fan of the cole slaw....sandwich is not to my taste. I took a friend with me the last  time and he got a stomach ache after. I'm not saying it's not good just not good to me.
Attention tea & coffee snobs-this is the place you wanna be!!! I've been stalking Espresso Italia ever since I got a sip of their teas. Espresso Italia designs some of the most amazing teas for valley restaurants and their flavors are delish!!! The guys here are so knowledgable & passionate about teas & coffee. not just teas & coffees but all the equipment needed to deliver the taste of their products in your very home. It's crazy! I feel like I've stumbled into the lost city of Atlantis. I was greated by either the owner or the manager. I filled his head with my desires of their teas that I've experienced from valley restaurants and he quickly geared up to show me around. Took us into the back of the warehouse where the shelves flowed with robust aromas of coffee & tea. My eyes bulging out of my head as I tried to take in all the excitement they were partaking in. I was delivered to the great wall of teas where he filled my mind with knowledge of all the concoctions he's created. Naming those exact restaurants I've tasted the delicassies in which started this adventure a while ago. There she was, 1 of our favorites! I quickly agreed to a 1lb back bag of this delectable treat. Further research let me to a very promising green tea so of course I found myself bringing some of this home too! A couple minutes later a tea infuser was added to the shopping list & a satisfied customer was I. But the awesomeness didn't stop there. Our conversations of amazing coffee brewing styles led us farther into the warehouse where were entertained with an amazing delicacy. This mad scientist has created a remarkable robust coffee using a keg as part of the equation and he graced us with his masterpiece. An amazing coffee had been found by me this day. words cannot explain the excitement my tastebuds were selfishly enjoying. This coffee was so good I didn't want to put the glass down! I feel like Indiana jones. I finally filled 1 of my great adventures for finding a hidden gem to the beautiful world of food & beverage. Now to savor my great find & share my discovery with the world
Chocolate cake with almonds is amazing!  Only tried one so far-but I am a fan!So first off, I gotta say that I love my office peeps.  We all love our sweets but can control ourselves...kind of.  None of us wanted to eat a whole doughnut, but let me clarify:  we all wanted some of each one!!  We cut each one into fours (halves if filled) and then we would snag a piece here and there all day long.  Yup, I am full of doughnuts today!!So first off the cake doughnuts are freaking awesome-I do tend to lean towards a cake doughnut when choosing-A great crunch and not overly sweet.  We had plain cake with chocolate frosting-yum, chocolate with chocolate frosting-meh, chocolate with chocolate frosting with almonds-yum yum, plain cake with pink frosting and sprinkles and with coconut-these were my favies, raised cake filled lemon-the lemon is from real lemons and good but did not care for the raised itself, raised filled with whip cream-again filling is good but I don't care for the raised, and the Bavarian Cream filled was another raised and I had had enough of those although the cream was really yummy.All in all, I thought they were really good and the price is great as well.  Next time I will delve into the specialty doughnuts, but I didn't want to waste the extra "dough" if the basics weren't good.  ;)
A lot to choose from and all amazing!!! Favorite would be fat Elvis. Go in early because it sells out fast, give their flavor of the day a try as well, has not let me down yet.
Just tried for the first time & wow check out the key lime donut! Delish!Also they have linked up with my FAVORITE place  SKINNYFATS!! Their creations are simply crazy delectable ! Yum!
I love the Cheesecake doughnut! Definitely a great dessert, as there are so many great places to eat over here!!The owner, one of the brothers, is super nice and customer service oriented!!
My first time here and loved my banana cream pie donut. The girl that works there was super nice and very patient while I liked thru their selections
Two thumbs up for cheesecake donut! One of the best donuts I've had great and friendly service from the employee...
Umm. NOMS! That's all I've got to say!! I ordered a dozen as it comes out much cheaper that way and I could try all the different delicious flavors. Thumbs up to this place.
Friendly staff, hot food, clean!  This place is always busy and a great bargain, especially during baseball season, when the Dbacks make 6 runs one more!
Burgers are interesting, shakes are divine, parmesan fries are tasty, but the Caesar salad- weaksauce!  It is supposed to have apples, but I discovered only 4 paper-thin slices.  The croutons were greasy and there was almost nothing as far as dressing on the salad.
Lets see if gordons food equals his talk, well Ramsay delivers here.  The burgers were very juicy and tasty.  The venue itself is pretty casual most of the staff wearing weird Jetson's looking uniforms and all of them looked like they were fresh out of highschool.  The place is pretty noisy since it is located inside Planet Hollywood and there are no sound barrier walls, you can pretty much watch people walk by in the casino as you sit inside BurGR.  We tried the following:Hells Kitchen Burger: avocado, cheese and some other items that just blended in.  The burger was moist, juicy and delicious however the toppings all sort of blended together.Britania Burger: sharp cheddar, mango salsa, arugula this burger was pretty good with the ingrediants playing well off of each other. The mango salsa is on the sweet side so dont order this if you dont have a sweet tooth.Maui parmesan onion rings: crispy, sweet onions with cheese-yumm.  These were some very well executed and delicious onion rings.Peanut Butter Shake: OMG the best thing at BurGR's are the shakes!  This one had alot of peanut butter in it and it was super yummy but very filling!Coffee Shake: this one had hazlenut pudding which I dont like, but my wife probably would have killed me if I had tried to take this from her LOLPrices:burgers are about $14 shakes $11onion rings $9You also recieved $1 off all prices if you have a MGM Total Rewards Card.NOTE: if you and your co-yelper are light eaters you can easily get by ordering one burger, one shake and one side.  The sides give large portions and the shakes are super filling.
We strongly dislike trying new places, especially when I read a lot of these two star reviews. They ask for your name & number. You will be notified when your table is ready. Sweet. :) Free refills, SIGN UP for the Total Rewards club card.  It was more reasonable than I expected too.We had 2 American burgers, one without Pickles & mine with tomato & onion. We tried the Truffle Parmesan Fries for $11 ($10 w/ TR card), super addicting. The portions are big, NO JOKE. Save room for dessert, they looked amazing. I did not.It's just what I expected. I'm a huge fan of Ramsay, and I loved the experience. We will be back since we're locals.
Firstly, Gordon Ramsay knows how to design a restaurant! We were here this weekend and left really impressed and very full of delicious nom nomsThey don't take reservations so we had a wait time for seating, but 20 minutes is not bad at all on a memorial day weekend Saturday at noon. Instead of giving us one of those annoying buzzers that only work within a certain radius, they took a cell number and texted us when our table was ready allowing us to wander throughout the casino in Planet Hollywood while we waited. The atmosphere is really neat, especially for a lunch place. The theme definitely goes along with the Planet Hollywood idea. The funky silverware was my favorite! Technology was also used very well in this restaurant. Our server greeted us promptly and provided an IPAD for us to check out drinks and desserts (with pictures and ingredients). The server was not only awesome but very knowledgeable about the menu. He had personally tasted everything on the menu and was happy to give his feedback about any item. He was also great about checking on what was gluten free for me. The service in general here was top notch. Our waters were never empty, the manager stopped by each table to see how the meal was going, and our meal was brought out by an entourage of servers at the same time and they all made sure we had everything we needed before leaving. At the end of the meal you even fill out a easy survey on the electronic device provided with your check to ensure the service was excellent. Now to the important stuff, the food! The burgers were awesome. I had the chanterelle burger with a lettuce wrap instead of a bun and it was delicious! The meat was a perfect temperature and the fig compote and chanterelles were a really nice touch. My boyfriend and the Euro burger which was great. We also enjoyed some of the amazing parmesan truffle fries and him and our friends enjoyed the onion rings (not gluten free). I'd have loved to have tried the puddings but they unfortunately had gluten in them. The mixed drink I had (skinny screw) was done really well. Not too sweet or too overbearing with alcohol, plus it was garnished with a fresh mint sprig and orange slice which I devoured at the end...a faux pas?? Maybe, but they were fresh and delish!Wait time for the noms was less than I expected with how busy it was and price (55 with tip for two meals and a alcoholic drink in Las Vegas) was reasonable. Its a good thing Burgr is not close by, my waistline might be in trouble if I had those truffle fries readily available..
Hell's Kitchen burger=good! Euro burger= great! We had the oreo shake which was to die for. This place is great. It was rather pricey but normal for the las vegas strip. I did get the euro burger and I loved the goat cheese and truffle oil on it. I would recommend this place to anyone for lunch. Enjoy!
Having the uber cheeseburger, truffle Parmesan cheese fries, and a hazelnut chocolate shake:)...It's recommended to order your burger medium and they know what they're talking about.  My Uber Cheeseburger was juicy and full of flavor.  It had 3 different types of cheese and carmelized onions on a Brioche bun.  The parmesan fries were crispy and seasoned perfectly.  The shake was to die for.  The chocolate was a pudding on top of the hazlenut flavored shake.  It was topped off with a thick whip cream and a praline cookie.  It is pricy, but what do you expect?...it's Gordon Ramsey.
Burgers look great but been here 22 min and still waiting for fries and the place is dead with a ton of staff. Hope the burgers are worth it.... They were. The burgers were amazing and so were the fries. 3 stars because the wait was horrible.
I watched a bunch of Gordon Ramsay TV shows and finally got to try his BurGR restaurant out. I came in with HIGH expectations and every one of them were met. Whether or not you are a Ramsay fan, this place is a must try for the best service and burgers.Wait:Yes, there will always be a line. Each time I walked by at all hours of operations, I saw a line.My visit was on a Saturday for lunch. 10:45am Saturday = no line. 11am (opening) = 30 people in line. Since we were the first group to enter, line died down really fast. However, expect a line if you go during any main meal times.Service: After being seated, we were presented with an IPad for the drink menu. Very easy to navigate and modern. Our server(s) (they apparently have a "backup" server as well) were all attentive and friendly. Great service.Timing:If you watch Hell's Kitchen or Master Chef, you know Ramsay is all about timing and putting out delicious food without making the guests wait. I have to say, the timing of the drinks to appetizer to entree was perfect. Food:Since it was my first time, had to order the Hell's Kitchen burger -Medium Well. Let tell you.. from the top bun to the bottom, pure perfection. The buns were super soft yet maintained it's form from the crisp outside, the bottom bun was not soggy, and all the ingredients worked really well. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had.Jalapeno Poppers - what a clever way to present it. Not that having a main dipping bowl to dip your poppers is hard work but the individual shot glasses containing sauce and the popper makes it... easier and more enjoyable. Hands down, the freshest jalapeno poppers I've had. Fries with Truffle oil. If you are dining with someone else, 2 burgers and one order of fries is plenty for both. I saw some people order a side of fries per person and none of them left finishing the fries off. What can I say... fries.. truffle oil.. yum yum yum.Great service, great food, VERY reasonable price (TR members get $1 off each item), this is definitely a must try if you are on the strip.GO GO GO GO GO!
The place is good with beautiful waitresses and the food is amazing! The cocktails were good too especially the slimy screw...wow! Must go for the cute waitresses at least ;-)
Burger was amazing, fries were ok. But seriously, burgers are to die for. :) it's open late, and we got seated very quickly. If you bring your free total rewards card you get discounts on the food items.
The farm burger was so good. My friend also had the euro burger which was also good. The strawberry shake was to die for.  The services was also good.  Overall everything was excellent. I will go back soon.
Get here early if you want lunch...there is def a wait!Food was good but nothing extra special...a little disappointing because it is a Ramsay place.Service was very slow but nice...burgers are good but just not amazing. I suggest getting onion rings and fries....the onion rings are really good!!
No joke, huge fans of Ramsey but BurGR was a HUGE let down! Expensive for an average place. If you really want good Ramsey food, try going to the expensive steakhouse inside Paris LV.  Trust me, the burgers an nothing special!
Burger was fair, fries cold. Not Ramsey quality at. He would be throwing the food all over the place. No value for your dollar, too many other options
BEST BURGERS IN VEGAS!!!!!! I wish they would open one in Florida! The line wasn't that bad! If your eating somewhere that has a long line it's gotta be good!  Our server was awesome, Very quick and funny! We got our menus and ate with our eyes. Everything looked so good. We had just landed from a 4 hour foodless flight so we were hungry! I ordered  the American burger. My husband ordered the uber burger and we also decided to get the fries and onion rings! The onion rings came to our table very quickly and where gone even quicker! THE BEST ONION RINGS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!!! They had a generous amount of Parmesano-reggiano sprinkled on them and  some chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch dip that tasted like sour cream and cheddar chips when you dipped them in it! Soooooo goooood!!!!! Our burgers were next and they where beautiful! I had to try to figure out how I could take a bite of it and get everything on the burger in my mouth at once! It was sooooo good! The meat was cooked perfectly the toppings tasted like they where just picked off the farm! We where soo full that we had to take the fries to go! Everything was so good! We had a lot of good food while we were in Vegas. We don't gamble so we were there for the shows and the food! We splurged on our meals because we wanted the best and we got it! Burgr was Definitly in the top 5 places we have EVER eaten at!
Just regular tasting burger but way too overpriced!  Long wait and it's not worth it.
Chef Gordon Ramsay, This is what I call perfection. Thank you.  We loved it, best burger we ever ate.
Great place to come to enjoy yummy burger from Mr. Ramsay ;). I ordered 2 burgers and 1 japanese pasta! So quick and perfect! You should come there! Best time w family or friends!
Fantastic burgers and excellent customer service. We ordered the chicken wings for starters and then the truffle fries with the hells kitchen burger and the Gordon burger which is on the secret menu
Good good, very good prices. All dishes around $15. Service was great and cute! Everyone at my table who ordered burgers were very pleased. The poppers were good.
My burger was simply delicious. Perfectly cooked and the quality was great too, especially for the price. The truffle fries were great but portions are pretty generous so order 1 per like 4 people and it should be enough.
Amazing!!! Best burger I had out in vegas and the drinks were awesome to would deff come back here on my next trip to Vegas
Good good, very good prices. All dishes around $15. Service was great and cute! Everyone at my table who ordered burgers were very pleased. The poppers were good. Wait for table can be long. Suggest putting your name in 30min prior.
One great burger! Very good! I just wish the price would include a small side. Service was also a tad slow. However I would visit again in the future.
BurGr always exceeds expectations! Love taking people there for their first time.
Awesome burger better than Bobby Flay!!!!!!!!!!! The only thing better, if Gordon Ramsey was there!!!!!!!!!
Best poppers ever! Period. There's a little bit of a wait as in all Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. The food was amazing and we will definitely go back!
It takes 45 minutes to get in because the service sucks.  The food is over priced and really not what I expected.  Probable will not go back.
Delicious. That's all I gotta say!!! The staff were nice and friendly as should be expected and the food is terrific!!!
The food was okay the service was phenomenal. Burger was a little on the dry side maybe it was because I asked for it medium well.   I did not taste the onion jam.   Their ketchups were really creative and good.
Terrible service at ticket counter, a friend bought complimentary tickets for me and they would not provide because I was not the same person who purchased them so I had to cancel the order and put them on my credit card.  Employees terribly rude and unhelpful and made me late for show.  The show was good if you can avoid the terrible service issues.
Loved it and ready to go again next time we are in Vegas. Make sure you use the rest room prior to the start as the intermission is only 7 minutes. No bad seats in the house but would love to sit up front next time. Kyle as Stacee Jaxx was great and Mark Shunock as Lonny was hilarious. The band Arsenal isn't some no name people playing music for the show either. They are all talented performers that have played with well known acts.
Amazing show! Best musical in Las Vegas. Some adult content, but this is Vegas and you should expect that.
So incredibly awful. Stay away. Stay away.   The show is incredibly awful followed by insanely stupid.Stay away stay away.
Great show great rock and roll worth going to see great music comedy had a great time
Friday night, the jams were pumpin, and the young baristas were super friendly in this drive thru only coffee/smoothies joint. :) I really liked this coffee...um, shop? No, I can't even call it a shop as it is only a coffee drive thru stand. What got my attention was the music blasting in the parking lot on "Last Friday Night"....heeeeey. So I pulled my car around so that I might be able to stay awake long enough to make it to my redeye flight back to Chicago. Both the coffee and the music helped me achieve that goal. The staff were these young kids...well, probably in their twenties, all of whom had big smiles on their faces and were moving to the music, and wait for it...not ignoring their customers in the process! A staff of young, fun employees who know how to work and have fun at the same time. And my caramel coffee latte was delicious! And since they knew it was my first time, they gave me a punch card with 11 of the 12 punches already stamped so as soon as I buy one more, the next one is free. I like that! Since I don't live in town, I gave it to my dad who will certainly be using it now. :) I also really liked how they make smoothies, slushies and coffee drinks, so there is something for everyone. Except seating. I don't think there is seating, you know, since it is a drive through. So go ahead and sit in your car, and drive through-- then drive right next door to the drive through taco stand, and let me know how that is!
I love Dutch bros and especially this particular location!! They are genuine and enjoy their job and it shows. They make you feel welcome and are upbeat every visit. I am so happy they have ventured out to the west side of the valley
Love this place plain and simple. Hands down always enjoyable service and drinks! The customer service is always great and I always make a new friend when I'm there (3 of which follow me on instagram) I go out of my way for that coffee!
Love the coffee, teas and smoothie! Worth the wait but the music is too loud. Love how they have a stamp card, your 11th drink is free!
Absolutely love this place & the people who work here. A great place to meet up with friends, or treat myself to my first Espresso of the day. It's never a bad day with the good people of Dutch Bros.
Lots of sugar free options and the employees are always super fun and friendly!!!!  Punch cards allow you to get free drinks too. The menu looks small but you can get a ton of things if you ask.
Great drinks. Excel customer service. Try the macadamia nut drink. Very friendly and got a free drink after chatting with them about my recent move to Phoenix.
This place is yummy !! The staff is always so jolly and full of energy!!  Love this place even though it is always packed it's worth the wait and the lone goes by fast
Okay, so the place is a secret but the secret is worth keeping.  They snuck us in through an unassuming door that we had staked out for weeks whispering about its possible contents.  It turns out the room just inside the door is simply the waiting room to get in - and the actual joint is much larger - and well dressed.Decked out in speakeasy attire, the interior is classy and unique.  You'll sort of have to see it for yourself to get the full effect.The drinks are high priced, but every bit worth it.  Each is well made and delivered with individual service by the bartender.  She is highly talented, and worth coming for.
This place is amazing from drinks to music to ambiance.  Real speakeasy vibe.  The drinks will run you $15 a pop, but they're delicious.  And you're really paying for the *experience,* as much as the drinks themselves.  From the cloak and dagger password and hidden door business to the adorable clothespins with the phone number for reservations, they've definitely tapped into the speakeasy spirit.  I recommend going early before it gets crowded, especially if you're looking for a romantic date spot.  That way you can also have the full attention of the lovely and knowledgeable mixologist!  They have around 100 drinks on their menu, a mix of classic and revamped cocktails featuring all of the major boozes, so you're sure to find something you like.  I'm sad I left Vegas just as this was opening, but glad I got to experience it.  A definite must-do for tourists and locals alike
Amazing atmosphere, incredible drinks, all around wonderful experience! Great place if you want to get out of the usual bar scene either with friends or a date and enjoy a night out without the mellow drama.  Bartender Anthony was wonderdul, great knowledge and personality!
Very good service and very friendly postal workersI got my passport done here awhile ago and they actually sent it through with minimal ID paperwork from me
Try the fajitas chimichanga! It was super cheesy and delicious. Wait staff can be some what inattentive, but they are friendly enough. Margaritas were good and strong!
Pure amazingness and I mean PURE AMAZINGNESS.It is a few miles off the strip but I guarantee you it is absolutely worth the trip. We got to meet the chef and you can just tell he enjoys what he does and does it to perfection.Located in a strip mall with plenty of parking. When we got their, it was completely empty since they just got done with the lunch rush, but I urge you to not let that scare you away. You will not be disappointed.We got 13 or 14 plates in total and split them between the four of us. We seriously wanted to keep going, but just literally couldn't breathe by that point. The chicharron off the happy hour menu: 4 stars. It was really refreshing with the tomatoes and cheese on top of the tater tots.Sticky bun tacos: 5 starsSteve-o Grilled Cheese: 5 stars according to my friend. She just kept raving about it as she was eating.Monte Cristo: Definitely 5 stars according to our friend that just keep going on about how amazing it was.Nachos O' Brien: 5 Stars. They weren't your typical nachos whatsoever. Literally tasted like pure heaven. I should've gotten a few orders to go.Tiger cry: 4 stars.(N)gai satay. 5 stars for the chicken as well as the cucumber salad. WOW!Smokey poke: 5 stars for sure!! Pure heaven on Earth. Please please please don't ever get rid of this!Short ribs: 4 starsSalmon: 4 stars. Cooked to perfection according to my friend.Diablo eggs: 4 starsElote: Absolutely 5 stars. Mama mia the mayo on the corn was AMAZINGGGGG.Mushrooms: 4 starsPretzel brats: 5 stars according to my friend. Sadly he had to get the second brat to go since this was the last dish of the night and he looked like he was close to exploding.You will absolutely not be disappointed with the food. I've never been to a restaurant where I've liked everything I ordered. I especially love that they're smaller tapas plates for a decent price that way I can try a lot of the menu at one time.The chef/owner was talking about changing up the menu sometime soon which I love since you get to try something different everytime you come their.Thank you to byron for the awesome service and recommendations!I will be back on my next trip to Vegas!Tips:Full barHappy hour daily from 3-6Live music every Friday night. Reservations only those nights!
Everything was delicious. We had two kinds of bun and two kinds of broken rice, and I've rarely had better.
food is goid, however, staff friendness is the best in here. i like this place. i was there 3pm during their staff lunch amd i felt bad.  but they were welcome me and u felt same way.  thanks.
Small restaurant but quality pho and summer spring rolls.  Very authentic feel and good portions.
Food is very good here! They are fast and super friendly too! They have great lunch specials. So much food for cheap!
$19 for an over-cooked and virtually tasteless burger. The menu describes it as some type of exotic beef. I've had far better for $7.00 at Alphys in Arroyo Grande. Might have been better if the waitress - Monique - had actually cared. When I pointed it out, she huffed and said, "what would you like me to do, take it back?"Can't remember the last time I left a ZERO tip. Poor food is not the fault of the server. In this case the food was only exceeded in its poor quality by the server's attitude. And to continue the rant - it takes a ton of attitude for a restaurant to think its food is so tasty that they don't need to put salt & pepper shakers on the table. The chef at Cowboy Ciao must think his poop doesn't smell - but he's wrong.I travel for business 10-15 days a month - eat in airports nearly every day I'm on the road. Cowboy Ciao is right up at the top of my worst experience list.
Very, very pricey. I just hope the price is consistent to the taste.I thought my braised Korean ribs were really good. The meat was tender, easily falls of the bone. The mash potatoes were okay, a little cold when I got them and the veggies were cooked well. This and the other sandwich place are probably good bets to have good food in the airport.
Really good for an airport. I got the mac and cheese and it was great. I will be back.
Gorgeous decor, super chill music. I feel like I should be at the spa lol. I really enjoyed the pork shu mai, but their prices are way off base. I don't know what it is about downtown, that they charge so very much, I guess because rent prices are higher? I doubt we will be back, as I've had similar food for much less elsewhere.
Great service and great food. The spicy peanut chicken is awesome. Great price for the portion size in my opinion. Decent bar choices and excellent menu.
Awesome food great portions. Clean. Great service. Best Thai food in Pittsburgh. Have to try this place
the place is now closed. out of business at this location. as of jun/11/15I liked from here the chilaquiles with carne asada & the salsa verde, I need to find a new spot for mexican food...
Lox and eggs were delish! A little disappointed in the eggs Benedict. The chicken in the chicken and waffles combination was huge and cooked well. The kids pancakes were pretty small and overpriced.
Very please with the fact that you can refill... Great variety of flavors.. Locations all up and down the strip so you can roam around and get refills on the go!!!
Been to many restaurants in big cities.  One of the best!  Great wine list too! If you are in town do check it out!
Kind of overpriced for a thrift store especially for stuff in bad quality they want to charge you like 10 dollars for something that's maybe worth 2! Save your money! Maybe the trip is worth it on 50% off days but I wouldn't risk it
Thank you T for the great Pedicure. It was fantastic. Great nail salon in the Wells Fargo Building. Second level across from the YMCA. Can't wait to come back.
Pool:Nice but small pool area,  drink prices don't reflect the fact that this place is not on the strip...other than that, it is not crowded and pretty well kept up.Rooms:I was completely satisfied with their rooms. Comfortable bed and pillows. Nice lighting, dark woods complimented the color scheme. Wall mounted TV, small fridge and if you happen to need to call someone on the room phone while on the toilet, they have that covered too. Nice big shower too. Sports book:Decent place, drinks are always cheaper at the book. Friendly bartenders.The Farm Cafe:Decent, not great food. It's the 24 hour cafe so they have just about anything you'd want at anytime of the day
You can't win here.Worst paybacks in the state. Machines must be set to 0.Not sure how this place is still in business.
Very friendly also priceyThe chi tea was good also fresh donut was good. I wanted to try their pecan pie but it was not available.
Traditional Oaxacan cuisine including: mole, quesillo and chapulines (grasshoppers) -- or, just get a burrito! ;)I had the emoladas which is basically a rolled enchilada (I had chicken) in mole sauce. The mole sauce was not overtly spicy. It had a nice, rich chocolate flavor. The quality of the chicken (all white meat) was good. You order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.
Muy bueno!  Damn the salsa is hot though!  Deserts look really yummy, very moist cake, getting one to go.update:  had the cake when we got home, it was fantastic!  Seriously pissed the wife off though when I questioned how much of it she was eating.
Must be the tourist station. A lot of inconsiderate people. But, it is a good one. Just try to go when its not so busy
As a tenant, they are frustrating and difficult to work with. I do not think they respect tenants and seem to be motivated to get as much money out of tenants as possible. We took excellent care of the property we rented and still somehow ended up owing them $400. If you have a choice, avoid them.
Worst speakeasy ever!Not even a decent hotel bar.The only thing about this bar that resembles a speakeasy is the name on the door.   The one bartender is trying, but limited selection makes classic drink difficult.
Nice little laid back place. Menu is simple and food Is good. Salsa bar. Meat is cooked right on the grill.
Get take out, there's not much seating. Food was affordable and delicious! So glad there's some place great to grab a quick bite near by. I just wish they had drive through...
WOW so good! I don't think you could go wrong ordering anything here. SO DELISH! Husband ordered carne asada gordita I got a carne asada taco and a chicken tostada.
Back Yard Taco. Fantastic lunch. This place is close to my place of employment and is fairly priced and the chicken menu is delicious. Lunch time rush is a bit much however, the service is petty quick. Frequent stop for me. Recommend to all.
Amazing menu and super tacos!  One of our family favorites. We have been multiple times and great experience every time.
Best tacos in town a bit pricey but well worth it. The place is small bit it is very clean. The food is fresh and the salsas are great. The pricing structure is a bit on the high end but it's well worth the money.
This place is beyond amazing, super friendly staff! The tacos are a must, don't get fooled by burritos or the crazy potato! For the love of all that is good get the TACOS! Danielle was super friendly and provided great customer service, she was awesome.
Some of the best tacos around. You can't go wrong here. Smaller menu, but everything is delicious. No complaints whatsoever.
This place is the Bomb, amazing tacos and the workers there are very friendly. For sure coming back here.
The tacos are without a doubt the best. The service isn't as consistent. It just seems that they have a new girl in "training" taking my order every time. This place is a real gem though. It gets packed around lunch so come early.
Long lines are worth the wait. The food is amazing. The thing to get us definitely the carne asada papa loca. It's one of the most amazing things I've eaten.
Fast service , great food, and excellent beer. Beeeeer. Beeeeeeeeeeeeeer. They should stay open later though. 10:30pm on a thursday is unacceptable for being  the only place walking distance from the hotels that serves alcohol.
Like having a forever 21 in your back yard with ought having to visit the mall! Lots of shoes and always bringing in new items
Vaste choix de bières de micro et les meilleurs nachos de Montreal ! Les serveurs sont toujours sympas et le bar bénéficie d'une petite terrasse sur la promenade sur Hubert
They have delicious food here and the service was pretty quick. The workers are also very friendly and helpful.
Such a awesome meal!! Service was amazing! Andrew was the best! A+! Seriously if you ever get the chance to go there ask for him! He literally makes the experience great, fantastic personality :)
Food was good.....until we found hair in the peach cobbler. They felt $4 was ample compensation?
That's how service should be, we got our confirmation on time, and we had a great time
Awesome weekend,  thanks for the wonderful service! Definitely recommend this!! the waiting was short not even 10 minutes. ... full access to the clubs and so much fun.
Awesome events!! Take care of you as if you're royalty!!! Any problems you may encounter Chris will take care of it.
Always epic. Always perfect. Very simple process to plan days and nights in. Email and texts keep you organized and on point with your itinerary, if any issues arise, there is always someone to help you out 24/7 and you spend the weekend feeling like a real VIP.
Very reliable and courteous! I contacted Chris about a week prior and after for hookups specifically to one bar that are bachelor really want to go to. Chris and his team were able to come through! Definitely one of the more reliable than the others I worked with this weekend.Definitely no honey-potting over here! Thanks again!
Thanks Chris!!! Got vip guest lists for a bunch of clubs while we were out there! Got free drinks just for being a girl :)
Had a great time at Tao , Chris is the best !!!! He took care of us with anything we need . Definitely coming back again with Chris .
Highly recommended for party goers... Had a lot of fun.. Thank you Chris Hornak for setting us up on guestlist. Till next time
This guy made my 21st birthday incredible!!!! Some clubs were better than others but they were all free to get into so who can complain! Big thanks for hooking up me and my group!!!
Had a great time !!! Easy to get in and saw snoop dog !!! Thank you will definitely be going back next year n will go through Chris !!!!
Quick, easy, and accurate. Got free entry and free drinks! No problems or issues trying to get in. Got there a few mins before 1030 and had to wait for the doors to open.
Had a great time. Short line , we were even a little late and had no problems  Communication was consistent . We were all confident to get in with no worries !!
Giving this place one stars for fixing the problem but should be one star for the way it was handled should be zero. Came in to this god forsaken place tonight to have a nice quick bite during the rain storm. Greeted and ordered which was amazing, cashier was very friendly. I ordered the mess burger which sounded great on the menu and it was an ok burger for what is was. Here is where they went wrong, wife ordered build your own burger. Normal patty wheat bun some toppings and mushrooms with NO CHEESE. Burger then comes out with a corner with cheese on it not a big deal it's a corner she picks it off; must have picked it up from another burger on the grill maybe even mine that's fine. No big deal, I start to enjoy mine little by little it's good. She takes one bite it looks pretty good into the second bite she asks about how pink it is and it looks way for pink than mine but we continue so she picks the meat apart to find the constinecy of a burger should not be served at that quality of pink. I don't have to be a food science major to tell you that once a hamburger is ground up the skin tension is broken and the germs and bacteria can enter the patty. Steaks are ok the eat rare never a hamburger patty, no tensile strength to protect the meat from bacteria penetrating it. I take the 2/3 of my wife's burger back to counter greeted once again by a nice gentlemen who responds approiately then takes my burger and I ask that I get a new one that could be cooked a little more. I work in the customer service industry as well and understand aspects of customer service, our interaction was pleasant he said I'll take care of it I smiled and thanked him. Then enter whom I'm guessing was the manger a tall man in a green shirt with blonde hair carrying the new burger, he slings it down asks that she cut it open to make sure it's cooked "to her perfection" which is fine I understand that. Then proceeds to tell us that listen folks we cook things automatic here so (in a very condescending tone) you need to make sure that you order it well next time so we don't have issues you like. We said oh sorry we didn't understand that, thinking to my self that in an automatic process my burger was on a different rarity scale than hers and that you should serve something that is cooked to a reasonable, edible tempature that can be consumed. He also didn't return with any fries that she hadn't barely touched that disappeared with the original burger. Give this place a chance on the surface only to be shot down and talked down at by upper management and get served raw/barely cooked bloody burgers. Horrible
Very helpful and friendly staff. Great addition to the neighborhood. It's not a giant warehouse store, so if that's what you're looking for then choose another place, but if you need basic items in nearly any home category, they have a pretty good selection.Another thing I like is you always see the same faces, so if you'll start to recognize and be remembered; I don't know, old fashioned I guess but I like that.
Top 2 Chinese in Champaign!  The only downside is sometimes it gets slow for the ordered dish to come!
The waitress is suck.And the dishes tastes not so good Bad restaurant forever.Maybe u guys can choose Golden Harbor to eat the Chinese restaurantDo not come to this bad restaurantYou will be regret for your choice
Best place to eat in the Rivers. Great food and service for a reasonable price. We ate at every Restruant there. This one is defiantly the best. Friendly atmosphere. They are very accommodating.
Great cuban sandwich on a pretzel bun.. amazing!!!!I love this restaurant!  Its conveniently located in the Casino and I often place takeout orders.The bar staff is courteous and so on the ball.  I can place a takeout order - and play some penny slots and in 10 minutes time my food is ready.  I have never had to wait long for food.  I have had the steak hoagie, and the chicken Caesar salad and they too are amazing and fresh.  Wheelhouse is a little bit more pricy than a restaurant chain perhaps but I think its worth it. My fellow yelpers.. I totally recommend.
The service is super slow. It took the bartender 21 minutes to make 1 drink for us!! The menu was strange.  It had an Asian flare to all of items and some of them looked just plain awful.  Stay far away from this place.
These deviled eggs topped with bacon are to die for! Added plus got 10% off for checking in! This place is so freaking good, I really will be back to try more of the menu.
Italian Beef and Chicago Dogs! Chicago style pizza. What more could you ask for?
Great staff. Sadly I no longer see my favorite guy Chance in the mornings.  Born and raised Long Island- need my Dunkin Donuts light & sweet.
Great service, a lot of TVs, good food. Fun place to stop and get a drink. They have some great drinks. Big Servings. Really can't go wrong.
Awesome place. Great service.. Great menu.  Go there for lunch and love the food.  Go there for great food and service. You won't be disappointed. Tacos are delicious.
I love sitting at the bar. The coconut shrimp tacos are yummy with the Spanish rice and potatoes. Friendly atmosphere, a great place to meet people. Although I was not drinking, the bartender was awesome. Excellent service!
Morton's should be embarrassed.I am a Morton's VIP and I would NEVER and I mean NEVER step foot in this restaurant. From the Arrogant GM to the server...they should be embarrassed. I love getting insulted even after telling them I have been a Morton's VIP for 5 years..Not Landry's, but Morton's. Laughable.I guess if you are on the strip, you don't need customer service.
Amazing vibe with food off the charts!We had the scallops with we're very well done in both recipe and presentation!Great place for customer meeting!
The Mille Stelle pasta with prawns is awesome! If you are more into pizza, even the small one is bigger than the plate :) apparently the house dressing of the salads is world class ;)
There is no kitchen.  They have rotating food trucks.  They also have guest beers.  One can get their growler filled whilst they are here.  Or, this fine establishment will be more than happy to sell you some tasty malt beverages...to go.
... they don't listen to your order.. so, they get it wrong.. you get a few huh's...The girl who was taking the order, kept saying huh. So you want a combo. No, Just the sandwich. One of the orders was a combo meal. we get to the window. we got charged for two combos. they gave us two fries but only one drink. Come on if your going to charge me extra give me everything I paid for.... we waited till they poked there head out the little window. let them know we didn't want two combos. The Young girl maybe 17 looked at the man, who seemed to be the manager.. He said well, and pointed to the receipt. we just asked for a portion of our $$ money back. She didn't seem to have much of an idea of what she was doing and he said to her Mija, and put his hand out like ill get this. he did give us our money back. So we head out on the way to California. begin to eat our burgers.. SO SO Dry they fries we soggy. I was very disappointed.  we dont usually eat much fast food. but... get it together. I know its a new location but its not like your creating a plate. will probably give it a second shot to see if maybe they were just having an off night.
This business is closed they no longer exist thank you take off the yelpCall the owner and ask him
Excellent. Des déjeuners uniques. Un menu qui sort de l'ordinaire. Le décor est très beau. L'ambiance est bonne. Le prix est un peu plus haut que la moyenne mais pour l'expérience, ça vaut la peine.
I'm not Vietnamese. Hell, I'm not even Asian. I dated a couple Asian girls once. Had to break up with Suki when I bought the Porsche because she got tired of sitting on Kimmy's lap. It was a two-seater.What I'm saying is that I know what good Vietnamese food tastes like and they serve it here. 20% off appetizers before 7 pm makes it feel like you're stealing from these folks but they are cool with it.
BEST PHO IN ARIZONA!! BEST broth, all natural chicken, great crispy rolls, AWESOME happy hour. Staff is amazing (Jackson & Michelle) and owner Tom so personable!! I recommend Angelina's to any pho-aholic!!! We dine here usually twice a week or more... This place is clean, CLASSY, modern, no FOB zone. Very trendy, hip, with traditional amazing food.
We love it here !! It's affordable it's authentic we will never go anywhere else ! Rod is so helpful,  knowledgeable and very personable . If your looking for an affordable healthy water this is the place to go
So-so food and pretty overpriced. Pretty underwhelming after 3-4 visits. An okay place to take visitors from out of town, but I am certainly not in a rid to spend $50+ for two people to eat hot dogs and have a few beers...
Amazing, quality service!!!!! They went over and beyond my expectations ! They were on time, and great pricing.
Clean, friendly, and cute! The buffalo chicken wrap is TO DIE FOR! I absolutely love the way everything is setup, and the location is great. Staff is amazing, and super helpful. I went in and had an issue with my card and the staff member waited for me to get it resolved without making me feel uncomfortable. Love love love! 10/10 would eat there again, and will!
Amazing food and juices but super sloooow service- especially in the morning.  Almost had to leave my juice there because I brought my dog and she couldn't stay outside in the heat for so long. It'd be great if they had just one or two more people working instead of one girl trying to handle the Sunday morning brunchers. The liver and kale cleanses are my favorite juices!
Love this place! Healthy meals that taste amazing!! My only real complaint is the chaos that tends to occur on Saturday and Sunday, especially in the morning. Their system for calling out your order has something to be desired and the waiting/ordering line can get crowded and at times claustrophobic. For that reason, and the outdoor "yard" area, I prefer the Tempe location but it is something I can definitely overlook considering how much I enjoy everything else at the Old Town location.
So good, perfect morning boost !! Fast and good !! Service is always pleasant..Great at any time of the day, love the fact that you can order the all menu early !!
Great food. Great service. I just wish they had more of these around phx. I usually get the chicken bowl with all veggies. Yum!
Looove this place! Food is great, service is great. Always busy though, but I guess that's a good thing. I have lunch here often.
I love coming here for their green juice and papaya bowl!Over the last few years I've been coming trying the green juice mostly and it's always a great consistent restaurant. It's right in the heart of old town so after I grab my juice I like to sit outside on their patio or walk around old town for a bit before starting my day. If you haven't tried this place give it a shot you will not be disappointed.
Always a good meal here! Shrimp bowl is my favorite! Five stars for this place! Great location and perfect outdoor seating
Good! Family friendly! Recommend stopping in to see it. Love that he does his show with his family!
Starting with drinks and then apps and entrees, everything was scrumptious!!!!! We had coconut bobs and Thai iced tea and Thai iced coffee, awesome! Fresh rolls were bomb and then pineapple fried rice not spicy and pork pad thai spicy 5. Great combination and completely satisfying!!
So good. But closed on saturdays???? Wtfthe best pad thai in town. There sign says 7 days bit drove down there from henderson and they were closed
This place is amazing!!! Would definitely go back. There staff is so nice and made me feel very comfortable. I will be visiting again for sure when I am in Vegas
Not impressed, not a lot of options, food was bland and over pricedFood - 1 starService - 4 stars
the turkey avocado is unreal!!!!! i could eat it everyday... Cranberry walnut bread, lemon aioli(wow), sprouts, tomato, lettuce... Delist I love Mandalay bay!
They stop serving breakfast at 11am. The turkey avocado sandwich was super good. Chili cheese waffle fries not so much.
If a $20 plus tip martini is your idea of a good time, this is your place. The food is like a medium burger place with premium prices. Decent for breakfast to go though.
Good for what it is. A refreshing taste of unprocessed food in Vegas. This place is in a sketchy, rundown casino (no card games... just slots)  Park in the back. It's in old town Vegas so you can visit the Pawn Stars ship afterwards. The tiny casino doesn't serve any hard liquor.... only beer. It's a place for foodies... And a group of cargo-short wearing guys.
Authentic Taiwanese sandwiches! Try Peking duck and pork buns!Great service from the hosts who were former food truck owners!
The staff is nice and the food is good. I just noticed that a booth has a wall outlet. Too bad I forgot my phone charger.
Stay away from the tofu!!! Inedible!!! I ordered the noodles with tofu, and when they asked if I wanted it spicy, I said yes. OMG! I love my food spicy, but it was almost too spicy! The tofu itself was terrible!!! So...The noodles themselves were actually pretty good. So this is why I am giving it 3 stars. Noodles good; flavors alright; too spicy; tofu absolute crap; price a bit high ($8), but you got a lot of noodles.
great food! authentic, awesome bar and patio. Great atmosphere and good for large parties
Very poor food. Not at all authentic food. Ordered Paneer chilly, it was very oily and undercooked.
Love the authenticity and the service is great.   They also have a great bar with all the wine and liquor you need.
Moonshine cocktails are perfect for cooling off after spicy mac, buffalo chips or southwest burger. Love the cherry limeade moonshine drink.  This place is to the left of spicy, so cowboy beware!  It sure could light your campfire if you get too adventurous with the spice level, but oh it's so good!   We visited for my sister's birthday and it was their daughter's first trip out of the house, at 6 days old.  The restaurant was slow, for a Wednesday night, so our food was hot, fresh and fast.  Sis had a birthday coupon for joining their club and it was quite generous at $25 off your meal, no minimum!  (just not on alcohol)Great place. Glad we went.
They deliver quickly a have good food.We like the General Tsao chicken and the pork low main.
Just plain good... Great food and service and you can't get better than that. A group of friends and family went for my friends Lea's birthday and it was the perfect place. The Cowboy steak was amazing and I loved the sweet potato. ... Yum
Outstanding staff very friendly I would give them 100 stars if I could. The manager waked over when he heard we were celebrating our anniversary
Slowest place ever!!! It should not take over 10 min to get my food!!!! Ridiculous!!!!! I am never coming here again!!!!
Fresh ingredients, nice service!  They have a few types if crepes you can get like pizza or deli.  Every veggie or fruit is cut up right there, not orepped, and you can see everything being made.  They also have thrifty ice cream and everything you order is custom! The owners work there and make the food and it's obvious that they care about their product.  Great for lunch!!
We stopped here to fix our craving for a dessert. Service was prompt, friendly, and helpful. Delicious and fresh crepes! Hit the spot!!
Yummy, fresh and great service! They have variety of desserts from floats to chocolate dipped fruit. It's worth a try!
They did a great job and were very friendly.  What else is there to say. So whatever yelp.  My review isn't too short!
Good bread cool service!The Sarah Palin look alike waitress on the night shift is super cool & the day shift is pretty cool too.Food gives me a ihop feel with better decorI would come here again but NOT stay at the D Hotel The hotel itself is a whole diffrent story
Great taco shop excellent customer service ;-) I love how I can call in my order if I'm in a hurry
I had a Really good sandwich and a tasty cup of hot chocolate.  Very good service.  Pleasant and friendly place to have a good breakfast.  Perfect area very hip strip to shop when done.
Huge onion rings and crispy zucchini.  Very good food.  Everything is freshly made and the prices are good.  Plan on trying the breakfast menu next time because it is served all day.
And again.... 30 min wait. This is a shame.... These guys have no standard. I don't care about the 30 words. A drive through is speedy and not what these boys promise. Done with farmer boys or girls.
I love Relaxing Nails. Great service and very nice people. The salon is very clean and they are very good at their craft.
Worst customer service ever. I work in the same shopping plaza and man every time I've been here it's just bad customer service. The only time I had decent customer service was from a kid who looked like he was 12!! The elders were horrible! I even ordered a blizzard once and you know how they do the flip the cup over thing to show it's "that good" well....they had to make me a new one so that was entertaining to watch haha the only good reason to come here is for the $5 lunch, sometimes it's worth to sit through the bad customer service especially when you only have a short amount of time for lunch like me!
Great food and service!  Little pricey, but unique, tasty dishes.  We have always wanted to try them out and were pleasantly surprised.
Great service, great quality food. I had the chowder for entree and it was first class, the macaroni prawns were great and the jambalaya cooked to perfection. All the food was served hot and promptly and the drinks served really cold.
Really fresh food and friendly staff :) I recommend trying the carne asada fries and grand taco
Amazing Chinese food! Cool staff seems dedicated to serving the very best!
Nice service and good lunch specials! First time here and would definitely come back. The good was tasty.
Great cut, clean place, good price and awesome barber.  Impressed with the speed of cut, accurate and awesome touch with new straight razor for neck.
A little light on the toppings when you order by the slice. They have a good selection of beer and every seat in the dining room has view of a TV. Service is friendly but a little slow. The back patio is lovely and inviting.
This place sucked when it was open. It looks like it closed down now. Good riddanceI never had good food or good servoce here. I was here a total of 3 times and each time sucked in a different way. The food was god awful, expensive,  and the service was shaky at best.
Really nice place, menu is great!  Definitely worth visiting.  Some dishes were good but not terrific, maybe it was just an off day?  I'd say between 3 and 4 stars.  Place has the potential to be solid 4 or even move into 5 territory.
I am here in town for Thanksgiving weekend and having a great time! Hookah...laid back, good music and nice atmosphere. I will be back
Truly enjoyed my meal and very nice staff! Next time I'm in Vegas I will be dining here again.
Absolutely love this place! My wife is Japanese and she agrees. The sushi is great, get the Brussel Sprouts!
The Veggie Bowl is the way to go. But the Gyro is delicious also. I have been here a handful of times and I'm always happy with my choices. The service is outstanding, the food is fresh and the prices are amazing! Don't miss this place. It's worth the stop.
Awesome food!  A great find!  Roll your own plates with fresh, perfectly spiced food.
I just love this place. It's healthy and delicious. The food is fresh and they have a big menu to choose from
What a deal!!!! So flavorful and affordable!! Definitely going to return!! Puts pita pit and pita jungle to shame!!! The service was super fast and friendly.
Absolutely fantastic! Had the Pizette and Meg had the pork bowl. Yum! Quick, affordable and delicious.
Overpriced Icky Not New York pizza. Made my tummy hurt. I don't recommend going there but I gave it two stars because pizza is pizza. You're just better off with dominos or Pizza Hut.
I come here all the time pizza amazing and chicken fingers are top knotch I recommend this place to any locals that are looking for great place to eat
Looooooove the burritos with potatoes! Get a Mexican coke! My girlfriend always gets the Chicharrones. Definitely her favorite thing!!
Great drinks! Nice crowd! Half hookah on Thursdays!!! NICE!!!!! Groovy little spot, comfy come with a great group of friends and have good time. The DJ is great too!!
Inexpensive excellent filling. Pork in tacos a touch dry. We were stuffed at the end. Best Mexican chow thus far while visiting. I'll be back.
The place is nice but extremely noisy. Service is good & th plates are pretty full. I wasn't very impressed but it was ok.
This place is located right next to Fat Burger... I wanted some quick food on my way home. I love Fat Burger, but I wanted to try something new.... next time I'm in the area I'll probably just hit up Fat BurgerThis place is ok. No green sauce, first strike.The tacos are pretty good sized... Be careful when ordering, it seems super cheap, but by the time you add all the good stuff... it adds up. Although it was still under $10 for two tacos, rice and beans. There was a lot of food.. I The ingredients taste fresher than your normal Mexican drive thru, and the staff was friendly. I think the main thing holding me back, is no green sauce.
Quick and very professional. Also very clean. The staff seemed very knowledgeable and professional.
Set up an "appointment" and still waiting an hour and a half after that time. Staff was nice but got different reasons for running late including emergencies and lots of people walking in.
Going to the carwash. Yeah. This is a new carwash that just opened near work and home. They have a full convenience store on site which is open 24 hrs. This place is really nice. Nicest and cleanest carwash I've been too. Friendly staff too.I pulled in and everything is nicely labeled. You can easily see where you supposed to go. Pulled up to the vacuums, got out of my car and was imediately greeted. The guy was ready to  just give me the basic wash but I said no we are going Ultimate today. He asked if I was sure because I had a new car. I said yes and a handwax too. He confirmed this choice as well. We were both surprised, him with what I was asking for and me that he didn't try and upsell me. He even gave me a deal where I paid for the handwaxing and he threw in the Ultimate wash. I handed over the "keys" and walked inside. The conveneince store had a lot of snacks, soda even beer. Also they had fresh popcorn and 2 computers with internet access.On the TV wall they have 6 larger flat screens. 2 or 3 with CNN and the rest with video feeds so you can follow your car through the wash process. When they are done they pull it up front and if you are paying attention you can go out and meet them or they come in and say who had the Juke in my case. No waving of towels and trying to figure out if they are done or just throwing towels around. Also no shady mechanics trying to get you to change flids that don't even exist.It might cost a little more than the drive thru wash at the gas station but it is worth the few extra dollars. My car looks better than it did off the showroom floor. They did a great jo and I will definitely come back again. Such a bonus a carwash this nice is close to work and home.
Ernie is straight shooter! Great service, and fast! Definitely coming back! A rare commodity in this town to have both!
This burgers are full of fat and byproducts.   This honestly even the best McDonald's  can't be considered good. Watch the movie supersize me.
Great food. Great hookah. AwesomeService. Owners do everything possible to make you feel like you are in your living room.
I love this place! Great food and ambiance, not too expensive. Great service! I would recommend the shawarma rap. It is amazing!
Our server, Guy, was excellent. Burger and shawarma was very good...highly reccomended for any occasion.
Good food Good music Good service All goooodddddddd.........I love it....This restaurant is so good ...#1
Best chicken shawarma in town!!  The ambiance is nice and the entrees are plentiful!  Next time I will get the beef and lamb entree which also comes recommended!  Baklava is delicious!
Great place. Great food. Great people ... We ordered kabab and shawarma was great . Really recommend .
Make sure you know what you want before getting in line.Even though the restaurant was busy, there were two lines with an employee at each line taking orders. We were overwhelmed at how fast we made it to the front of the line. My wife and I ordered a Hot Dog (Chicago Style) each, split an Italian Beef sandwich with sweet pickles and I ordered a large milkshake.NOTE: They ask if you want sweet or hot peppers which implies that it comes with it, but it's 50 cents more. So if you don't want any peppers, tell them 'NONE'.We paid for our meal and was given a receipt with our order number on it. In ten minutes, they called our order.Opening the Italian Beef sandwich was messy and greasy with so-so flavor. My wife's hot dog was also greasy but my hot dog wasn't. The 'dogs' where okay, but I'm going to try Sonic's foot long Chicago dog to see if there is any difference.The set up is like an In and Out Hamburger joint where the prices are reasonable and you order at one section and go the the pickup station when your number is called.
This place has the best Italian beef sandwich I've ever had!!! Will be back on Saturday!!!!
We have been to Portillos in the Chicago area many times & are never disappointed, so when we saw they had one in Scottsdale, we jumped at the chance to go not once, but twice, while we were in the Valley.  We were not disappointed at all.  We felt like we were back in Chi-town!  The Italian beef was as great as ever, then I saw that they have a "combo" sandwich with Italian sausage & beef together!  So I asked my brother who lived in Chicago about this & he said that's all he ever gets!  So we came back a second time & I had that & OMG - it's heavenly!  I also had their chocolate cake shake!  Maybe it's the "kid in me", but it reminded me of when you were having cake & ice cream & you mix them together!One tip - when you order, hang close to the pick up counter, they DO NOT call order numbers in exact order & it's quite boisterous in there, so you can miss your number (which on the first visit, we did & I'm pretty sure someone took our order).  They quickly made it for us again, but lesson learned, the 2nd time, I stayed close & made sure to grab our order as soon as it came up!
Love This place sooooo much!!!!! Best Italian Beefs!!! Me and my husband use this as a go to whenever we need a quick dinner! I could eat it every day!
Amazing Italian beef sandwich..get the hot peppers.....they do  good job. The Chicago dogs arre real Chicago dogs.
Genuine Chicago style hot dog. Good place to eat for a quick bite and they have a drive through
The beef and cheddar croissant is calling my name, but I decided to go with the Chicago dog and a chili dog chaser and of corse cheese fries. Probably should have gotten the salad, but I don't get here very often and I treated myself.
Tammy at Divas and Dudes Too is awesome! She always does a great job cutting my hair - I've always been really happy when I walk out of there!
My kids love this place. The size small is more like 64oz. HUGE PORTIONS. Onion rings are Delish
Like to eat here. Spicy and delicious. Will recommend to my friendComme à manger ici. Épicée et délicieuse. Je le recommanderai à mon ami
Great bartenders.   Tight machines.  Players benefits going downhill.  Must leave all VIP dinner food at restaurant.  No take home on leftovers.  VIP dinners aren't so VIP.  Non VIP customers treated better.  Shrimp dinners are a joke.
Belle ambiance, bouffe #1 danceuse de paladie incroyable, le service a1 a repeter absolument
Phil is the best! I spent the day investigating tire prices and Discount beat them all! Made an appointment and was in and out of there quickly with a great set of new tires!  The only problem I found was the store is so new, I had a tough time finding a phone number! 480-308-0888 for anyone interested!  Ask for Phil and tell him Samantha sent you!
The service is slow, pizza is ok. I will say their burgers are really good. Pasta sauce isn't bad. Really wish they would upgrade the ambiance. Better table and chairs would help.
Great staff , good food, very accommodating staff quick service.recommend when with a largeGroup ask just for a bunch of different dishes and wait to see what the restaurant brings you , we did and it was fun The hot and sour soap is very good.
Wonderful spot for a date with your sweetie! Very friendly staff! The General's chicken and garlic noodles are fabulous!
First time here my daughter is getting a new hair do Her Hair looks fantastic and Michelle did a great job.  Only paid 20 bucks on groupon.  Check out this stylist if you need a great hair cut.
Try their triple shot expresso with a splash of soy milk! Extremlly strong, but never too bitter! Truly blissful once you add the soy to your drink. Another plus is the ambiance is very relaxed, and I found this to be one of the "lesser" pretensious Starbucks locations that I've visited in the Southern Nevada area. Check it out!btw, Skip the cake pops! They are sinfully delightful, but shockingly horrible for you! I looked up the caloric content and found that it would be better for you to eat a table spoon of butter over one of their cake pops! - UCKERS!
As always clean, lots of smiles.  Fast and great customer service! I will always drive out of my way to find a quick trip knowing that I will never be dissapointed!Thank you for setting a standard in customer service!
Clean, nice staff. $0.79 for a dink :-) clean restrooms. This place is my go to.
Easy and convenient. Fast and friendly. Always clean and everyone is always nice. Have not had a bad experience yet.
I went here for restaurant week, and between a table of 4 people, we sampled everything on the restaurant week menu. (4 apps, 4 salads, and 4 entrees) Everything was a hit,  and they were generous with bringing out fresh, hot bread too. Our waiter was down to earth, yet still very knowledgeable.  And the best part was, despite being very busy, they had out table ready on time so we could sit down upon arrival.Bottom line: Excellent food & helpful/friendly service. Definite recommendation!
The food is pretty good, but honestly feels like your a burden to the staff. Drinks were empty the entire meal. Had to flag server down for service.
The best.  Simply fantastic.  Definitely going back.Only open a few hours a week but do yourself a favor and sync your schedule with there's and get down there.
Great food, great service. Defiantly worth trying. I loved the Swedish meatballs....We will be back soon
Highly recommended! You won't be disappointed.When I read "Scandinavian" being the ignorant to the type of food they serve, I was concerned that it wouldn't be good but in fact the food was absolutely delicious. In fact it seemed very familiar, as many of our home cooked meals are influenced by this type of food. Go give it a try. And the lady running the place is awesome. She is very nice and wants you to enjoy your meal.
Super friendly owner, and waitress, ah-may-zing food, will definitely come back... House was a bit empty, and service was prompt.  I cannot say enough good things about it.
I had a terrible experience. Would not recommend them at all. Technician was very inexperienced.
Good food and great service.  Food was well made and good portions.   Ambience is very nice and seats are rather comfortable.   They have large share tables which are great for groups.   Definitely a great place for porc lovers!
Amazing hand down my favorite place to enjoy a great meal!!! I come here all the time small groups big group no matter always amazing service! The drinks will tickle your fancy!!! Love this place!
Beef shoulder. Beef shoulder. Beef shoulder.Guess what I ordered?Drinks are great as well. Will definitely be back. Good place to watch the game at the bar. Live music several days on the patio.
Lauren was our waitress she was fabulous!! The food was fabulous  we will be back! This was our first time. We sat on the patio!
Great Sunday Brunch, you gotta check this out!The Bloody Mary bar was #aaawsome!Food was outstanding!
Delicious...way better than a subway!  The ladies at the counter are so friendly.  I'll be back for sure
Best frozen yogurt around! Lots of great flavors and toppings. Very friendly staff, lots of parking, lots of seating indoor and outdoor.
Great burgers and shakes.  The standard burger is good and you can upgrade it with cheese, jalapeños and bacon.   The Banana Stand Shake is great.  Try it with chocolate ice cream.In addition to great shakes, they have Coke products, Mexican Coke and beer.  Personally I prefer the shakes.
AMAZING! Great fries and tacos! So glad we found this on Yelp. I pass by this place often and never thought of stopping in. Will definitely come back!
Delicious fries, burgers and chicken tacos! Price was nice too. Love the outdoor patio. We will return :)
Food and service is awesome! Make sure you eat desert too. If you are lucky enough for hot Turkish tea, don't miss it. I would recommend for anybody who wants to try Mediterranean food!
Better than chipotle! They have amazing tortillas pressed fresh right in front of you. And the queso is the best I've ever had!
This is by far the most edible burger in the Tatum/Shea area.  The fries are great, but one thing stands out:  the people are happy and nice!!!  Nice burger people, how's that for an oxymoron ;). Oh and they have Coca Cola's freestyle machine too (infinite soda mixtures).  BTW I think the people that gave this place one or two stars were eating in an alternate universe.
Great Food, cool spot, great coffee... What else do you need? The thick cut bacon was amazing!
Such a great breakfast!!  Wait was a little long.  Not sure I can say the wait was totally worth it but I loved the food!  Waffle was great!!
One of those places where "nobody goes there anymore" because "it's too busy". Classic.Waiting around for a table and ordered right away. servers were all very busy so a coffee refill and getting the check was a bit tricky but the food made it totally worth it.
Awesome place!  Close to the airport. Good food with great service.  The whole family enjoyed it.
Some of the best bacon hands down also I don't drink coffee and for some reason I found myself drinking 4 cups of it and the weird part was I didn't put cream or sugar it tastes so good
Absolutely delicious breakfast!! Waited a little more then an hour but the bike/coffee shop down the road is the best time kill.
Killer breakfast spot - great food - great peoplePork and Eggs - Really more like half a smoked ham and some eggs - WoW
Best breakfast I've ever had in my life!!!!! Everything is organic. Great service and the food is definitely worth the wait. Also they make sure they get you in when it is busy.
Always the best! Love Matts Big Breakfast! I go here with my mother and then to Easleys Fun Shop for Halloween shopping. It's a tradition.
Great waffle. Great bacon  great hash browns.  This works for me. Put this together with friendly, attentive service and you have a winner
Great company. Amazing work . Great communication. Great prices.Trustworthy crew reliable company.
Awesome place! Great tasting food at great prices. Will definitely recommend this place. This is the only place I have had that tastes just like my moms!  Try the pernil with yellow rice.  The flan is also to die for!
The best corn I've ever had in my life. His wife even makes her own chili powder! Amazing flavor and reasonable prices.
Not too friendly but quick and to the point. Who needs a friendly locksmith anyways? Got the job done and that's all that matters. Will definitely come back if I ever need more help.
Great food!!!... Yummy and cozy place to hang out... Like it... Good for group and just chill...
Great people.  Great service.  Derek is super sexy!!Great selection, awsome flavors, knowledgeable staff.
There is a good reason for the 5 stars review. It is just awesome. The sandwiches are spectacular and so tasty. Great job guys
Outdoor seating & BYOB.  I had high expectations of this place with all the rave reviews and 5 stars;  I was NOT disappointed.  I have a feeling that the "word" is getting out fast about this place.  Their menu was full of delicious sounding creations it was hard for us to decide.  We asked if they could just put us together some mixed grilled vegetables and meats.  That they did.  We enjoyed a platter of mixed meats with shrimp, a large salad, toasted bread, grilled vegetables and delicious sauces.  Everything was so flavorful and cooked perfectly and their home made sauces went well with everything.  The staff was super friendly and accommodating.  It was nice enough to sit outdoors and we enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.  It is a small place, some may describe as a "hole in the wall", but I disagree, it is small but, charming.  Their food is unique and tasty, tasty, tasty and BYOB, well that is just fantastic.  We will be back to try some of their other items.  YUM !!!
Fantastic, fresh, awesome. Try to sample all the meats. Mushrooms, potatoes, and corn are also on point. Try all the sauces too!
Hands down the best steak sandwich I've ever eaten and I travel coast to coast and consider myself a foodie. I got the ribeye and it,  along with the sauces, were amazing.
Great food!  Worth stopping by!  The mahi mahi and steak dinner were wonderfully made!
Truly incredible food.Any of their meat dishes are excellent. The newly remodeled and re-opened space is beautiful and allows for indoor seating.
Superb! Everything I tried was excellent. Will return again and again! The shrimp was excellent, the meats cooked to perfection and everything had so much flavor. Fresh ingredients does that to food. Can't wait to return and bring a few friends!
This my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I'm so sad that i didn't know it the time I moved here
My back feels great. Thank you Dr. Stacy. You did an amazing job. I was able to make a same day appointment. They also offer an on site massage therapist. Two essentials in one place.
The new owners are definitely doing something right because the food here is BOMBBB. I'm glad that I gave this place another chance. I totally recommend coming here and trying it out.
Great place for our shipping needs ! Friendly staff  in and out quickly very important! Thanks
Fantastic burgers!!! I'd come back for sure!They helped with a AZK9 fundraiser (non profit to help people keep their pets) and that made me come here.  They had a nice deal with burger, fries, and drink. The burger was the best burger I've ever had anywhere.  It was fresh, large, and cooked to perfection. I order medium well and it came just right. And no burn marks or charring on the outside like most places end up doing.  It was so delicious.
Best lunch special in town. Pitchers of beer great deal also. Soup salad sandwich 10 dollars.awesome
Eric and his staff at Midas are a class act.  Honest, respectable, competent.  The dealer tried to rape me on unnecessary repairs, and Eric not only helped me to save money, but did so with good humor and humility.  And the counter is an aquarium, so there's that.
If you forget your toiletry essentials, you can get them here.  The staff is really helpful and friendly.  The "shop" is well stocked with the basic essentials and other gift items.  It's a great place to grab toiletries and snacks for your first evening at The Red Rock.  If you can wait, you  can go north (off Red Rock campus) across West Charleston Boulevard and visit many of the retail outlets along the boulevard for your essentials.
Vegan, gf & raw! So excited! THOSE WITH CELIAC'S/GLUTEN INTOLERANCE BE CAREFUL: see belowI was very excited to discover this chain had opened up on the southwest part of town. They are ingeniously located near LVAC, making it easy to get a healthy recovery meal after your workout. We ordered: Pumpkin spice chai latte, veggie garden burger, and bison burger. Total after tip= $38.10 (we took our food to go). A little on the high end $$$. Our food came out pretty quickly, but our smoothie took longer than expected. I was hoping to get that first and sip on that as an appetizer while we waited for our food. I don't know if they forgot about our smoothie or was just slow on making it. I did notice however, people after me get their drink before me, they also knew him on a first name basis and gave him the extra out of the blender in a separate cup. They should treat everyone as if they are a regular. Talk about not making me feel special. ~Pumpkin Chai Tea Latte; Chai Tea, Pumpkin, Green Cabbage, Carrots, Butternut Squash, Flax Seeds, Ginger, Cinnamon, Nutmeg, Walnuts, Agave Nectar. This was really good and very filling. Although the cabbage was pronounced, the smoothie was well balanced and tasted raw (the way I like it).~Bison burger w/ jicama fries; choice of swiss or cheddar cheese, lettuce tomato and onion on a whole grain bun. He wished he got it with cheddar rather than swiss. "Jicama fries" are just sliced jicama lightly seasoned with what looks/tastes paprika. *Veggie garden burger; I was extremely excited because I'm a sucker for alfalfa sprouts. I asked the cashier if the veggie patty was gluten free, as I have had a difficult time finding a veggie patty that does not use "wheat gluten" as a binder. He asked someone on the cooking line, who I assume was a manager, and he said "yes, it's gf, the patty is soy based protein" I took their word for it and gambled the risk. Sure enough I think the veggie patty is glutenous so BEWARE to those with celiac's/gluten intolerance. I got sick, as I do from eating or cross-contaminating with gluten/wheat. I have yet to bring my concern to the attention of the staff. Moving forward, the burger was eh-okay. My gluten free bun was hard (it's difficult to get a soft, buoyant bun using gluten free flour, especially if you're taking your item to go. In the future I will dine in. I ordered my burger with tofu fries. I was told that they dust the tofu blocks with rice flour and fry it in corn oil, so the oil should not be a point of cross contamination, as there isn't anything else with regular flour going into the oil. My burger came with the sprouts, bibb lettuce, tomato, and red onion. I also added vegan cheese, it's shredded.We also added avocado to our sandwiches ($0.75/burger) for a quarter of an avocado (rip off). I don't mind paying extra for modifications, but make it worth my while and not be so skimpy! At least give me a half an avocado for that price, so that I can have it in every bite as opposed to just half my burger. I was charged extra for vegan cheese, again this would be fine, but there was less than a teaspoon sprinkled on my burger, with a $1.00 up-charge.Although the food is pricey, it's raw, healthy, and typically quick, right up my alley. I will be back because there is not many others around like this and to inform them of my gf veggie patty concerns. There are just a few "tweeks" they need to adjust before they get the 5th star from me.I hope they properly label their menu on their website and physical menu so gluten free & vegan items are clearly marked. Just remember they do not operate out of a certified gluten free kitchen, but it seems that for the most part they handle issues like cross contamination okay.Service was exceptional. There was a constant line (with one cashier) at 3:00pm. He was very nice and patient with me since I had a lot of questions.
This place has great vegan options for food and drinks. It's good quality, healthy, and tasty! It is pretty efficiently run as well, do they don't keep you waiting long even if it gets busy.
One of my favorite health food places in Vegas real food real tasty!! The ostrich patty is excellent and the smoothies are delicious especially the "wellness" drink. Pricey but most healthy places seems to be.
I love G & P, EVERYTHING on the menu is good you can't go wrong. BBQ chicken pizza on lavash is the way to go. It's priced reasonably too. My coworkers and I love it here because we can call in an order to go, it only takes about 10-15 minutes and there's still time to do other things in the lunch hour without rushing and it's a healthy but not over priced meal.
I Love Greens and Proteins. The wellness drink is the best! Everything is so good and super healthy for you. Great place to hit after the gym!
Place was perfect and decently priced. I'm going to go back for sure. I ordered a bison wrap and it took a while but it was made fresh after I ordered it. I liked the wrap because it didn't fall apart as I was eating it. My wife also got a wellness shake and she thought it was great, if you like stuff that tastes like melted lettuce.
Very tasty and genuine Chinese food, love the spicy & sour noodles! Also, the make skin, beef pan cake, gyoza are also very good.
Amazing food and drink specials! The burgers are my personal favorite. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu. Awesome service.
Yum!!!  Ask for Gabby!!  Excellent!!! All the way around!!!  The Chablis, by William Fevre is delicious!!!
The 18 ounce Bone In Filet in phenomenal!  Service was great. Make sure you get reservations, as this place definitely gets busy. For desert, the Red Velvet Bread Pudding..............................
An A1 dining experience from start to finish. Well worth the trip and I highly recommend this restaurant.
Leaps & bonds BETTER than Oscar's!!!SUCH A GREAT EXPERIENCE~ We DEFINATLY would and will return, since we live here!  Our bartender, Ali quite personable & knowledgable. I asked for a drink menu she said they do not have one however "I'll make you anything you want~" this is a very small bar /restaurant with lots of ambiance, no view but the food was really good, INCREDIABLE service~  Servers in White jackets, the manager also came by and checked in to see how everything was. All CLASS THRU & THRU! You won't be disappointed ~    THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO ON FREMONT ST!
One of the best meals I've ever had. Got a food high. Service was excellent, wonderful atmosphere. A great reason to go downtown.
Great ribeye steak and escargot! A little on the expensive side. Lobster risotto was also good. Great dessert selection.
This place just opened, and in a wonderfully convenient location! Right on the corner of Harris Blvd and University City Blvd :)I'm a huge fan of Dunkin Donuts as of late, and treat the stores as if they were a Starbucks. The seating areas are pretty empty, and its right by CPCC Cato Campus, so I plug in my laptop and go to town on assignments while munching. What do I munch on, you ask? I usually go healthy (yup, at Dunkin Donuts) and get a toasted multigrain bagel with veggie cream cheese. OR an egg white and cheese multigrain sandwich. If you want to treat yo self, I recommend the Brownie Batter Donut: no other donut compares!!!Lastly my tip: Try to find deals online or coupons in the mail!
This place is great! (: good people, good vibe, good drinks. Workers are really nice, I've been there so many times the drinks are really good. They always come out with new stuff, very funny and friendly people, lots of creative drinks. Good place to hang out with friends and have a good time.
Nice ambiance to relax with kids n drink some tea..the Thai milk tea is bomba! I recommend it
Friendly, fast, and delicious food!! My husband had the yellow curry and we shared the pineapple rice. We were shocked at how low the bill was too.
This shit is funny as hell! I like the mix of improv and stand up. Oh and did I mention it's like $10? and BYOB? I mean really, what else can you do for $10, while drinking your favorite beer, at beer store prices, and pee yourself laughing at the same time? Bravo Arcade! I'm in.
Very cute place!!  Went for brunch on a Saturday. French toast is delicious!  I got an omelet which was also great!  I hope it stays in business. We were the only ones there.
Food is good,but service is sooooo slow! Come if your not in a hurry! Very cute small, not great for large parties...Good Coffee
Love this place. Get my nails, pedi and eyebrows done there. Lana is a doll. Pretty salon very girly just completely love it! I would highly recommend this salon if your in town or a resident along the Westside area. :)
Much smaller than the Rose Tea Cafe in Squirrel Hill, this place has a much more limited menu. There's a small selection of appetizers and entrees (mostly rice and noodle soups).This place is more of a drink counter to order bubble teas, green or black teas, smoothies or milk shakes.The passionfruit green tea was good. Just sweet enough.
The only barber shop that I could find open @ 4pm on a Sunday. Next time I will make an appointment else where because I will not be waiting over three hours again.
5 stars isn't enough. Exclusive. So exclusive.My bro danced all night! He was dancing so hard it was unbelievable! I've never seen him dance like that! He just kept going and going and going. It was a surreal experience.
Cheap, huge burritos. Enough said!A little less Americanized than Del Taco.Any of the burritos (breakfast, chicken) you order is pretty good for fast food Mexican.
5 star's. Because Donuts!...also Coffee!I've eaten three already! Great combo box they all taste amazing, everyone needs a fat day! #eatresponsibly
The service at this particular location is absolutely horrible. Won't be back!!! They are extremely slow took them almost 40 mins to bring me my food smh horrible service
Go to buffalo wild wings.  It is right across the street.Food at bww is better, similar drink specials, and more fun.This isn't a bad place, just not as good as other sports bars near by.
Fast & efficient service. Employees are very amiable and prices are reasonable. A great quick pick up especially if you're waiting for jury duty!
I'm on that health kick. In need of fresh local produce for a good price. This store has it. I was excited when they moved in my neighborhood. I been trucking it to the 19th ave location now this one is a hop, skip, jump away. This Sprouts is in the old Bashas location that was around for many, many years. Since sprouts moved in I have never seen the parking lot so packed.I find just about all I need from, food, snacks, beverages, vitamins, and organic household goods. The store is neatly stock with plenty of items to choose from. Yummy Hot Turkey and Rotisserie Chicken to go. Quick meals prepared for those who have busy lives on the go. Snack bins sold by the pound from a large variety of options to select.The checkout lines are never too long. Plenty of cashiers to ring you up in a timely manner.
Third trip here product out.  Been to 4 different sprouts.  Wasted more on gas, when I finally get it the cost will $30.00 a lbs.  Even with the horoable parking I still come.   When will I learn.
Not really Korean food! The food is so so! And the price is not cheap! I would not go anymore!
Great food and service! Will return when in Las Vegas. Close to the strip and nice to get away from hustle and bustle.
Havent been to Vegas in 4 years. This place for a first timer here is simply wonderful. Highly recommend the flat iron garlic beef. So juicy. I love the dipping sauces!
Seafood tofu soup is great, highly recommend. Oyster is pretty fresh. The side dishes and sauces are very authentic. Nice to be here.
Very good food! Great service! Good meat quality! Recommend the sea weed salad. Enjoyed the pork belly very much. Can't go wrong with this place!
Best Korean BBQ in Vegas hands down! Had the  best seller Gangnam family platter.   It says it's good for 2 people but good enough for a family of four
The food is very good! We would definitely comeback. Their lunch special is amazing! The Beef bulgogi is tasty. I like the nice lady who kept refilling my beverage! Lots of Love!
Delicious, great service, and a sweet environment! Vacation perfect. Enjoyed the time with my friends. The waiters were very attentive, filling out water often and checking on us and the grill. This place is family friendly but could be great for a date night because of the quite low key environment. Food came out quickly and tasted great! Check this great place out next time you're in Las Vegas.
I can't believe I haven't been here before when I live a block away!! Best Korean BBQ I had a very long time. Must try it when in Vegas! Or just a local in town looking for good Korean bbq
yummy！bbq warmed me up！the best korean food i have ever tasted in us！very handsome waiters and friendly servise
Awesome food!!!Awesome food!!! Its amazing! I love love the happy hour! The hours are great cuz i could still eat after work!!!
Great food, great service! We ordered the gangnan combo, satisfied about the quality and taste. Highly recommend to your guys. It is a must try in Vegas!
So so good. All the meat was tender and delicious!! And if you rate them, they give you a free dessert. Can't wait to try it haha!
It was good and delicious good place to dinner for two or more. We ordered the meat lover combo for two, it was enough food for two people and the taste was good too.
Everything was good....The kalbi and brugogi was off the hook.  The sides was also good and the service was really fast.
Amazing Korean BBQ! Meat was so tender!I do not normally eat beef but when I do, I have high expectation. The meat quality and taste is definitely delicious and perfect! We enjoyed it so much, although far from home, we will come back the next time we visit Las Vegas!
Food is delicious, fun atmosphere! Kalbi beef is very good. The noodles came it very hot and were also really good. A ton of flavor in all of the dishes.
Best korean BBQ I've ever had in Vegas. First time trying the calamari not fried. The beef brisket is awesome as usual. The chef was excellent at looking after at table and so as the other 2 servers. Would recommend this to friends.
Awesome flavor and very spicy!! Always a good meal here. Good place to bring a group of to bbq or just to get noodles. I love the spicy tuna kimbapp but maybe it has a bit too much mayonnaise in the sauce.
It is really good!!! The combo is enough for four girls. And the barbecue is good! We have been there for many times. It is really good!
Amazing fun and a very nice atmosphere. Enjoyed the food and staff was excellent :)Would definitely go here again..... And recommend it. Even if you can't cook, still a great experience.
Love this place!! Great atmosphere, good drinks, and good service.  We've been to sura BBQ before, but it does not compare.  Clean place ands good location.  We will definitely be coming back and telling our friends and family about this place.  We ordered the gangnam special (which was more than enough food) and a bottle of soju.  The waiter was above and beyond.  When he served us the soju he noticed that the shot glass was not clean and came back with a new one.  This has been the best experience with the most friendly staff.
Good food, quality meats. It would be awesome if they had all you can eat KBBQ because we don't really have that in the Las Vegas Valley.
Great place! Food was delicious and great service! Very reasonable and great location.
Delicious food. Great service and great value. I am very full. Very good. Would come here again
Meat quality was good. Good soju cocktail choices. Happy hour from 3pm to 6pm lately. Great place for special occasion.
Very delicious . And very good happy hour. Staff are very nice and attentive.I will definitely come back again.
The food is great! I liked the side dishes and the meat is very good quality.The beef bulgogi is great and the beef brisket is good. I like the look Olof the restaurant and the service is good!
Great food and service! For sure coming back next time I'm in town! The short ribs and garlic shrimp were awesome!!!
Great customer service awesome meat ! Went here with a friend and we had a blast (: can't wait to come back with more people the server was super nice
Great food! Excellent customer service! Brought some friends here from new york and got the meat livers for 4 perople.. it was more than enough! We're all so full and there's still food to spare
First time here. The food was good! I would recommend it to others. Got the premium combo. It fed our group of four people. I normally don't have Korean food but I really enjoyed the food here.
I like free desert. It is very nice. The spicy chicken is delicious. I like these tasty food.
Nice style for decoration. Nice serves.  But all source is all sweet. Meets are good flavor.  They need more serves they are too busy for  us.
highly recommend this restutant because of the nice service，I love the miso soup.The beef and spicy pork is great！！！
Great food. Meat is great quality.Clean.FriendlyPrice is $$Definitely come back again.
Meat quality is good, also the service! Highly recommended :) we tried the BBQ meat of best seller 1 and best seller 2, also the tofu soup and Japanese ramen.
good place to have a late dinner. fresh food and nice stuff. good to try. the kobe beef is very juicy. the appetizer is a lot. i like the calamari. always seafood go first to me. every kind of beef has its own taste. thats very nice.
Love the food. This place is open late. The payout is very nice. I love the bimbibap.
delicious! food is great and service is even better....and the dessert was great as well. highly recommend
Great food. Great service. Food came out in less then 10 min and the service was excellent. Definitely new go to Korean BBQ hang out.
The service is pretty good. The environment is also awesome. I recommend this restaurant in Las Vegas !
Great happy hour quality and prices!!So cheap but still really good food. I love the bulgogi and spicy chicken with lemon sauce. I want to try more next time!
Good food with good service. Recommended to all Korean BBQ lovers. Plus they open till 1am, so if you arrive late, there is still a place for good food instead of fast food.
Great food great people definitely a place to go I ordered a set for 2 people. Great amount of meat and side dish. The fire on the grill is a little bit weak.
Really good vegetarian kimchi bibimbap. Good service and happy hour prices too. Perfect for a late night run. Right next to Hard Rick Hotel. Friends had bulgogi and kalbi and loved it. They like the spicy sauce.
Great food and environment! The prices are reasonable, especially happy hour. We loved the kalbi and bulgogi, and the service was excellent. The spicy sauce is also delicious. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone!
Good food!!! Servers are nice! I reccomend the pork belly and the beef toro. Nice decor/atmosphere
Food was good, but service was reaaallllllly bad. We ordered more bulgogi, and after about 15 minutes, we learned it was delivered to another table. The server took it off their table and tried to give it to us... Seriously?
We come here everytime we come to Vegas. Best Asian food here! The spicy tuna kimbab is a must try!
The service was good! The food was also good! Also, take the picture for the free desert!
在yeip上搜索的这家，个人感觉比较好吃，套餐量大根本吃不完。PS:好评送甜点。6个人点了6人套餐，根本吃不完。小菜很好吃！送的冰淇淋很好吃！   .........................
So good suggest you get the premade combinations. They have so much good food! Kind and rapid service. Hold on to your butts! They run a tight ship and have keen business sense. Nothing related to the quality but I think the stereo speakers are blown out or not set right.
Great traditional Korean bbq Kimchi Gigae was awesome! They have jinro soju that i haven't had in years!  Really good meats that were marinated well. Took me back to the days of living in the land of the morning calm!
Great kabli, amazing steak. Fresh cold beer and free dessert with a  yelp review! Definitely recommend this spot to anyone visiting or to locals as well
Great food and an awesome atmosphere! Staff was quick to help with any questions and always stopping by to see if we needed anything.
Seaweed salad was amazing along with the cuts of meat. Lovely find.We ordered the meat lovers for 2 and needless to say, we're stuffed. I can just rollover and sleep happily.
Very good value and good tasting food! Would definitely recommend this for any Korean bbq lovers out there:)
Awesome food and drinks very reasonable price and the staff is friendly attentive and informative
I try a lot of things： Yummy！ tastes good！Will recommend it to whoever visit Las Vegas!
Nice experience..if you don't like spicy ask for assistance choosing your dishes. The beef was wonderful. The service was a bit slow even though the place was fairly empty
Great food great customer service the food comes out quick. Nice and clean, very good vibe.Food is really good and made my tummy happy
Food was great , fast service. I live in the Bay Area but next time I'm going here to eat. I recommend eating here. But one server forgot my spoon but it's okay. Food was great so I'm happy.
Super delicious and affordable! I will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas. The only problem we had was that they forgot to bring out the side dishes and that they took forever to give us their check.
Great food and service. Staff was helpful with recommendations with what to order. Definitely should check it out!
Wonderful experience! Still my favorite Korean BBQ!The Chicken with Cheese Fondue is so delicious!
Good service and good food!Nice owner and especially quality meat is very good. I will come back definitely. I think this is one of the best BBQ restaurant in town.
Lots of meat in the combos! Delicious. Andrew did a great job... Excellent service. We got a meat lovers combo and the flat iron garlic was the best!
I rarely eat korean bbq but this place does not disappoint. Soju ginger drink was superb. Much love!
Food was great! Awesome happy hour was incredibly good and affordable! Get the fondue and regions!
The dipping sauces for the grilled meat were great! Highly recommend the happy hour. I had the spicy chicken with lemon sauce, broccoli, and the mushroom medley on brown rice. Definitely a good place if you're trying to eat healthy and on the cheap in Vegas.
i love this place. the price is good and as well as the food. i recommend trying the bulgogi bimbimbap, chicken karage and the calamari. The bulgogi bimbimbap is a must if you like sizzling plates. The chicken karaage and calamari has an amazing sauce that comes on the side. Another thing to try is kobe beef. I do not like raw food but this one totally hit the spot. Really recommend this place, especially at night. Happy hour is always good:)
Best korean bbq in vegas!Good service!Good interior!Good food!Highly recommend for any one.
Good value and surprisingly good service for a Korean restaurant.  The food quality is very good. Decor is modern and airy.  Will come back again for sure.
It is really delicious!! This place is the best Korean BBQ in Vegas!! I visited several restaurants in this area but here is the place that I want!!
Clean and inviting. Great service. Excellent food. Huge selection. Suggest making reservations.... as we are not big eaters, we picked from the Ala Carte menu but most people were ordering from the menu for 2.
Great service! They stayed open late for a large group! Great music, vibe, tasty food!
Everything was so ONO! Appetizers were on point. Super satisfied. We ordered the steamed egg, spicy tuna kimbap, and beef carpaccio. The steamed egg is amazing, so fluffy!! Spicy tuna kimbap was interesting and unique- a must try in my opinion. And the beef carpaccio was fresh, savory, and umami. Our favorite self-gril dishes were the lemon chicken and harami (miso) skirt steak. The servers were attentive and friendly. Prices were very reasonable. Definitely will recommend to my friends and will be returning next time I am in Vegas.
Delicious food, quick service. Great experience. We ordered the Las Vegas combo meal, and that was already plenty of meat and food for two people. Lots of great options.
It was great.... more to comeOrdered the Harami Miso, bulgogi, pork bulgogi, and pork belly for bbq and the Daenjang Stew and Kobe Beef Carpaccio on the side.
Shit was bomb ! Gangnam style ! Ahakanauabauahausvajabajaga shahahabajabajabaoanakxuxhodneosbssuakabiaahauakabaianaoanakavafquanalaabgaa
Great Korean BBQ dinner. Great service. Really liked the bulgogi. Food served quickly.
Delicious food~~Recommend Gangnam! Pretty good~:) And good service. Really worthy to try!
Awesome food! Great service!Went here for lunch, everything tastes fantastic! Reasonably priced as well.
Great food. Great service. All the meat is mouthwatering, the kimchi is really good, so much food, my kind of place.
Decided to stop by on a whim and boy was  surprised. Great food for the happy hour special would eat again
Awesome kbbq!Must try the Korean Style Kalbi :)Veggie grill dish are also good. Fun and delicious place. Highly recommend!!!
Nice place! Tasty and authentic Korean BBQ! Must try pork belly! Side dishes are also good? Tried too soups, delicious!
Very good food and service. Got the gangnam bbq dish and were very satisfied.Also got the macaroon ice cream sandwich, which came in many different flavor a--strawberry, vanilla, mango, green tea, etc. The restaurant is a little ways outside of the strip, so you don't get the same sense of crowdedness and frustration that you'd get closer to the hotels.
Food was good the atmosphere is nice, service is ok. The steamed egg was over cooked #steamedbun. The meat was good but the portions were really small.
The beef is tender and delicious. One of the best  i had. Will go again. Hit up happy hour if you can.
Best Korean restaurant that I had in Vegas. Definitely come back for the meats! Must try the ice cream macaroons
Food is really good!! My first time at Korean BBQ and it was amazing. Will not be my only time. I will come back based on this experience. Servers are very attentive and make sure your water is filled. Overall, I had a great time. I definitely will come back.
Delishasly Bomb!!!! I would go here all the time even the free desert was good :) great service and a guy looks like jay park in here! So don't miss out girls. Enjoy the food!!! I would go here again I would recommend it to everyone. :D
Awesome ! quality of the meats are very good.  Great service too and friendly staff. This is my first time to come here but I'm very very satisfied. My family are very satisfied as well.
Delicious! All the food was amazing and very filling!We ordered the Gangnam plate and it exceeded my expectations!Definitely recommend and will come again
Luv the soup and dishes are so tasty , wanna try there BBQ next time:)) the kimchi was so great! I also like the ramen! It's so delicious! I recommend everyone come and try it out
Wow great service and food.We got the premium and shared it with three people and it was pretty filling.I really enjoyed the poki tuna and Kobe beef. Free dessert if you write a review
Very delicious food and wonderful service.Their spicy lemon chicken is a must it has a very unique flavor.
Friendly servers and great food!Free dessert if you write a review! ^_^I'd recommend kimchi soup!
The best dishes to order are the Delicious beef toro and dynamite shrimp!                                                                      Pretty good size portions and also you get a free dessert if u write a review!                                                                           enjoy!!!
Great menu, fresh meat and bbq seafood choices! Prices are reasonable and service was fast and helpful
Bacon wrapped scallops were everything! I will definitely give it another try sometime.
This place is so good. Great food, fair price, and good ambience. Highly recommend.It is my favorite Korean BBQ spot in Vegas. I would strongly suggest getting the Meat Lovers prepackaged meal. Great combination of good and so much meat!!!
Its so good. Staffs very nice and wonderful services. Will come back...........................................................................
It was really great. Great food and a great price. The bulgogi, pork belly, and scallops where out of this world. It had really great flavor and I left full and happy.
Great service, great food! A must place to come. I love the marinated short rib, and their original bibimbap rice.I love their macaron ice cream desert.
We shares the gangnam #1 between 3 ppl and it was really good.  The sauses were nice.  Kimchi and everything was good.
Amazing food and great serviceEverytime me and my wife come here we always get 2 orders of the beef toro. It is so good with any of the 3 sauces available. They always have great customer service and menu knowledge. They also provide great side dishes,we always get extra.
午餐特供非常适合，可以点三个餐组成套餐。住在hard rock一定不能错过。Suggest for the Chinese people who want to try the bbq in.LV.
Wear your stretchy pants guys ;) you're gunna need em. Too much good stuff to try! Definitely go for the marinated kalbi, and you can't go wrong with a macaroon ice cream sandwich!
Great quality and quick and friendly staff! Would definitely recommend this place to anyone. Reasonably priced. You get what you pay for!
No. 1 Must Try Asian BBQ in Vegas!!!Every big city I visited, Korean BBQ would be my first choice and looking for place. No doubt in Vegas, the price and quality of food here is super attractive to me before I arrived. And it far over my expectation during my visit.
Great food and service!! Definitely will be back next time we're in Vegas! If you're looking for good Korean food with a hip atmosphere, this is the place for you.
You get a real bang for your buck, and everything is absolutely delicious. This is great place for date night, or a double date night. The service was great, the servers explained dishes throughly and were very attentive.
Very good service , good food and good Korean style I luv it! Price ok area good overall 5 star !
Simply best Korean Bbq in town will come againAnd the service is great tooPork belly is the must have
Great service and great food! We got the #1 best seller Gangnam, strongly recommended! Came during happy hour and ordered more dishes at a discounted price.
Great place for Korean BBQ. Everything tasted good. The service was a little slow initially.
Awesome food and experience! Got Meat Lovers for four for $99 and it was plenty of food and a great variety.
Amazing!!! Such a great value! The pork belly was killaz (aka life changing). The Meat Lovers set was so great, and be sure to get the salt and sesame oil dip for the meat! Awesome!
Meat Lover platter, The best!!!!! It gives you a taste of lots of different  meats, I recommend this if you want to give everything a try. Great service. A fun family experience!!!!!
I've eaten Korean all over the world, literally, and this is one of the best!!! We got the meat lovers combo and all the different types of meat were awesome.
I  Korean BBQ! & this is one of the best in LV! Staff is super friendly and the choices of meats are top notch!
Walking distance from hotel. Kids had their fill. Mission accomplished. Happy hour was great. Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Best Korean food in Vegas! Loved the Bbq and soup! Highly recommended ! Even our son loved the bean sprouts and he's only one years old !
David was amazing. The food was great.  Everything in this place is incredible. We ordered the gangnam and it was really good.
Great food! Great place! Ordered the Gangnam meal for 2... It was good for 4 people! :)
Phenomenal Korean BBQ. Came for the food, stayed for the friendship. My favorite dish was the Harami Miso with the spicy sauce. Reverse happy hour is a great deal $4 Apps and half off beer. Also please note they have a great soundtrack.
So good!!! Would definitely come back :) Korean chicken was tasty and a great price. The right amount of spicy.
Great food and service. Close to Campus and strip. Love the side dishes. The happy hour promo is great. Delicious ~
First time at this place at Vegas . Food are nice great services at this place. Will be back to this restaurant again
Great food and service! Sides are fantastic! All of the meats are freshly prep. The servers are quick to refill your sides.
great service! food is awesome! First timers and we got our food fast and it was fresh & tasty! Will definitely come again when we're back in town.
Great food for great prices ! It's small but very nice inside. Great music and great staff.
Fast and friendly service, but more importantly... DELICIOUS! Got the meat lover and beef capaccio
Best cook your own meats in the city! Love the cuts of the beef and service was great...Definitely recommend this place for locals and tourist
Quality beef, well marinated.  the bimbimpop is a must try. unlike some korean r restaurants service was very good and prompt.
OMG the best ever..Better than tofu hut hands down.Delish. ..It's my first time and it was great.The service is great, fast and effecient. I'm sure I'll be back.
The best Korean Food is in Vegas! No doubt! Shrimp bibimbap is so different from the others.
When you're feeling Korean bbq this is where you go. Tried Kobe beef, it was juicy and delicious!
Great food, nice atmosphere, chili dumplings and beef carpaccio are the best!!Fillet minion is really amazing!
Fresh and traditional ingredients with excellent service.  Great experience!!!  Great place to visit when in town.
Food is great ! The service was perfect!!! Christin was the best !! We definitely gonna back
Delicious food and a lot of it for the money. Service is great!  Worth a try.  Make reservations as this place gets packed.
Great place! Delicious food. Staff was really nice. The meat was great quality and it's hard to find a good Korean barbecue place in Las Vegas
Just off the strip. Glad we found this place. Open till 1! Fast and attentive service. Food was excellent for the price! Come for happy hour
Great food! Excellent service! !! You get to cook your meat on this oven that's in your table!  Wow, great experience,  food was amazing. Service was quick! I can not recommend this place enough!  And the prices are very reasonable!
Perfect stop on the way to a red eye flight. Clean, good food.  Orginal korean BBQ with grills on the table.  Good selection.
Sukiyaki is da bomb dot com!  endless side dishes  spicy pork, not too spicy, very tender. Filet mignon super juicy and soft and yummy and awesome and I want free dessert
The food is great . BBQ is a nice try. Close to the strip. Recommend..........................................
great food! nice ambience! and the service is awesome  they seated my party of 18 right away!
Food is good! Will come back again! I will recommend this to others. Andrew is the best.
Great Korean BBQ, I'm from New Mexico and we have nothing close to this! Pretty authentic!
Food are very delicious and big portion. Willing to come again...  Recommended for all your BBQ lover..
Awesome.  Will be back. Got the Gangnam dinner and it was amazing. Service was fast. Bulgogi was juicy and tender.
Everything taste so good! very friendly staff! we ordered the lunch time special, a lot of choices and side dishes, all the side dishes taste delicious!
Ordered harami and Korean kalbi.  Both were amazing, highly recommended. I added this sentence so it's a review and not a tip.  Pew pew.
Super delicious. Like the service food is excellent. I recommend this place. 5 stars for this restaurant.
first time here and it was delicious!! Everything on the menu was pretty good.. Everyone enjoyed it! We will definitely be back when we come back to visit!!
Service and food was fantastic!!!! Good quality meat and sides. Not all bbq places use good meat bit gangnam is top notch!
Great korean bbq restaurant. I recommend the meat lover combo for the meat lover. We ordered 2 more meat dishes and it was enough for 4 people. Very nice service and good complimentary side dishes. I would recommend the radish and the seaweed.
The best Asian barbecue in Las Vegas. You should come here for lunch it's a very good deal, you get two entrées for under $12. Order the pitcher  of sangria
Great!! Food, Great Service!!!  Will definitely come again.  Ordered the Las Vegas for 2.  Got our money's worth.
Best experience of 2015 felt like I was in a amine. Parking sucks though. First time doing something like this it was awesome.
Food was good and moderately priced! Would definitely come again! The food was tasty and the general vibe was excellent. The location is great for a late night dinner!
Excellent customer service! Great food! Went for early dinner on a Saturday night and the place was not that packed.
our first time here, we was craving some good korean grinds and this restaurant has excellent Korean food, service was great, my husband and i loved it!!! if you are looking for tasty korean food as good as you get in Hawaii then this is the place for you!! they also offer FREE dessert with your review, now thats a bonus!
Food was delicious! Best KBBQ in town! Bomb desserts. Must try!!!! Right by UNLV campus, super convenient after a long night studying!!!
Awesome food and great service! Plenty of food in the portions the Spicy chicken with Lemon sauce was my favorite.
Their side dishes are amazing :) My most favorite on is the fish cake and the soft tofu soup.
It is a awesome place!If you like the meat, you will have fabulous time here! The beef taste greatThe waitress here is so nice to us.
The food was amazing! Really nice lunch special that will leave you full! Easy parking and great prices. Also a very large desert menu.
The food was great, and the lunch special is a great value! I had the Beef and the Chicken. The Cream Cheese Wontons are to die for!!
The server and the food is awesome I had an awesome time and the food was fast and ready
The ramen here is delicious and the atmosphere is good. Really enjoy eating here. I really hope I could live here. Only cons might be food is a little small in quantity
Good taste nice stuff good location. We had bbq beef and some noodles. Very well for a brunch!
Very good Restaurants!!!!!!! Must come eat when u come Vegas!!!!!!!! Highly recommended!!!!
Great food, good taste. Gangnam set is enough for 2 people. Service is ok. Sides arrived right away after we finisshed ordering. Kimchi side dish is fabulous.
excellent service and food. the price is affordable. i like the mv displayed here. its the place to taste the true korean style bbq.
i love the food here. The meat is very fresh and delicious, and they serve us a lot. The food is very cheap here.
great food, great price, great service :)never have authentic korean before but this one is awesome!
Great food. Fantastic happy hour and nice atmosphere. Beef choice:bulgogi . aswell as edemame and gyoza. Has a really cool projector that shows the music videos of the songs that are playing
Very good food and service! We ordered meat lover combo, we got a lot of meat indeed. The beef is really good. But some of the meat is too sweat for my taste. Dumplings are good, and I also liked the sea weed salad.
Good food, nice place. We have tried various meat and they all taste delicious. The Kobe style beef is really remarkable.
Excellent place especially for late night value, go for happy hour apps.  Bi bin bap, calamari,  chicken karage, cream cheese wonton
One of the best kbbq around! Korean prime Kalbi was amazing!! Sides are great quality. And you can't beat their quick and fast service.
Tasty Korean bbq, Food and taste is exactly what I want! Already not enough meat for me lol Definitely would come back next time visiting Vages.
Looks so great , love it so much , must try this one . We order beef and chicken , taste really good .great
Meat on meats!! A great experience here. $65 for two people is a great deal. Will come back again.
We had a reservation at 9. I heard they might not accept walk in customers sometimes. It's better to reserve online! Great BBQ experience! Recommend steak! The environment was good!
Absolutely the best Korean bbq in town. Nice food low price and many choices! Will come back for more food.
So I came here for dinner with my Frds, we didn't have to wait too long before we are seated. It is really tasty Korean bbq in Las Vegas. Happy thanks giving
Food was great but they need more servers... especially during busy hours.We ordered the bbq, kimchi chiggae, and bibimbap. The bbq portions were small but they were delicious. Kimchi chiggae was a good size and it was tasty. Bibimbap was also delicious.
Way good it's not too expensive! Meat is good. Got the gangnam set for 2 but we have 4 people is enough for all !
Food is good and high quality. Must try Kobe beef and short ribs! They are awesome! Service is really good as well. We asked them to refill side dishes and change grills and they're responsive.
The BBQ here is really really great!! We tried the 2 ppl Meat Lover combo, and it feeds 3 ppl lol.
Good food, good service, clean facility, and no long wait! Meat was very tender. Must try steamed egg!
This restaurant is clean and the meat is fresh. Come here and try, you would like it.
Great food and it was fun to cook it.  Definitely try the Korean Prime Kalbi.  We got a little bit of everything.  My brother got the bibimbap and it was the best bibimbap we have ever had.  We will definitely come back.
Best I've had in town. Been to two other places in the Vegas Valley and this is the best one. I've eaten Korean BBQ in Korea and Yakiniku in Japan so I might know a little
Super amazing food and it is great, they have amazing service. Been to some of the others. And the service here is amazing. Got the belly full and leaving happy.
We did it up gangnam style!! Thanks so much for the awesome service!! This was the best food I've had in a while.
This place has an unbelievable happy hour for food and drinks. We ordered three of their appetizers each and it was way too much food for us to finish! Service was fast and helpful. And I'm a huge fan of the Korean pop music videos they have playing on the wall. We will definitely be back... and with more friends next time so we will be able to finish what we order!
I was in for a quick lunch.  Food is great!  I've never done bbq like this, but I figured it out.  It is fun!
good taste and a lot of choice for meat meat.I like the beef tongue a lot. But all the sauces are sweet
We came in and were seated right away. Everyone was nice and very helpful. It was my first time eating here and I enjoyed it. Very great food!! Great service! Fun environment!
Yum!!   Really good bbq. Great  service and  reasonable  prices!  Coming back!  Feverish with side dishes.
Amazing BBQ! Fresh and fast service! The meat is absolutely amazing and I can't recommend it enough!
Best Korean food in Vegas!Awesome friendly service!Will always come back!Love the food  and decorations.You will never go wrong.
Chicken karaage & bulgogi bimbap BOMB!!! Great service! Definitely coming back to try the BBQ!
Food was great and the atmosphere was upbeat! Highly recommend.  Nice, friendly service and price is reasonable.
Great food and experience. Would definitely recommend it.  We ordered the gangnam style for 2 and it was plenty of food for 3.
This korean restaurant was AHMazing. Best kk bbq in vegas! If your looking for delicious meat and good vibes here is the place.
Always a pleasure when I come here! :) love to come very often. Come here at least once a month.
The food was awesome and the selection of side dishes was great! Best meal in Vegas! No issues finding parking as well.
Very authentic and delicious Korean cuisine, the kimchi pancake is a must-try! The service is also excellent with the waiters/waitresses paying very close attentions to our special requests. The food is also very reasonably priced.
Good food with good variety to choose from!  Definitely would come back here again! We ordered the meat lovers and definitely try the Korean chicken with the cheese sauce!
First time trying Korean & I'm glad this was the spot. UFC 194 and bomb Korean bbq! It was a lot of food for a good price. The people were very friendly and came by often to ask if everything was okay. It was my first time so I wasn't sure what to do. The guy was nice enough to help me out and explain how the food is eaten here.
Best Korean barbecue place in Vegas! Bulgogi beef is a must to order, pork belly and Korean chicken cheese fondue is my next best favorite!
Best Korean BBQ in Vegas! Beautiful decor and great food :) Love it here! I especially loved the pork belly and kalbi! It is great!
Best BBQ ever! Try the gangnam set!!!Great night with the family!!!Lots of beer too
First time coming here. Highly recommended. Good food, reasonbly priced. Will totally come back here again!!
Excellent quality and experience. Great atmosphere and a variety of side dishes!! The customer service is really nice too. Definitely coming back.
Great food! Love the kimchi bibimbap! Awesome bbq.. And lemonade soju!!! Great place to hang out..
Amazing food and service! No wait and everything was so very tasteful!! Reviews were spot on!! Definitely will visit whenever I'm in the area!!
Good food. Great service! We walked in and they served us in minutes. Food came flying out. Will return.
This is the best Korean BBQ in Vegas!!!!!!! I would advise everyone to eat here when they come to Vegas. It's a 6 star restaurant and a definite 10/10 and would eat here every time.
Amazing experiences with the bulgogi. The taste was fabulous. I love the broccoli with cheese, and the beef toroThe staffs were very nice and helpful.My favorite is the bulgogi.
Very good meat. Reasonable price and good service! Very close to the strip too. Definitely coming back :)
After taking our order, we waited for more than 30 minutes. The food is fine. Delicious beef and pork. The chicken wings are so so.
Good service and environment. Food is great and price is reliable. Must try!!! It's a must bombed the GangNam combination is the best choices . # 1 BBQ korean so far
Best bbq in town!!! Highly recommended.... I love Korean prime Kal I and beef bulgogi. But don't forget the sangria.. So tasty!
Best restaurant in Las VegasGreat serviceGreat foodThe quality of the food is top notch.I discovered this place through a friend and find myself here at least once a month.
Food was delicious. FuhhhhhhThey were really busy but they tried their best for better customer service
Best kbbq restaurant I've been to so far. Try all the favorites, they're worth it! - miso harami, spicy tuna kimbap, and prime kalbi. 15+ minute wait on the honey toast so order ahead.
Good meat. Long queue. Free dessert. Generallyvgood although we took a long walk here.
Food is delicious. Portion for 2 is enough for 4 person. We order a BBQ set for 2 but end up we have 8 person eating it with 2 more tofu soup. Yummy.
Everything was bomb!!!! All the beef was tender and awesome! Service was great! The beef soup was so yummy and soft. Ramen was great, a++. Im so stuffed right now.
deliiiiiiiiiiiiiiicious！Best Korean restaurant I had in Las Vegas. Oyster so fresh. Mushroom testes great. Calamari sooo good.
Food was awesome, but some servers' friendliness can be improved. Gangnam set menu was value for money especially for big groups like ours. We ordered for 4 but was enough to feed 5 with some side dishes.
Food was great. Great prices. Good location. Sangria drink with real fruit was awesome.
Nice and authentic BBQ, good price, good service!If you want to try korean BBQ in Las vegas, I think This is the place to go.
Great place to go with friends.  Definitely recommend. But there would be lots of people waiting if no reservation.
WOW!! Absolutely amazing. Bar none this place is outstanding. The Tazmanian Sea Trout is the best in the world!
Amazing food and service! Pricy but worth the price for the taste and service. A few family members have food allergies but they were very accommodating and nobody got sick!
good but not amazing. black cod was the best dish during the omakase course. meal was about $300 which is over priced
Food was very fresh and service was great! We got the rainbow roll and shrimp yaki soba. Would have liked to see cocktails on the menu that weren't sweet martinis, but that's pretty standard for sushi. Happy hour is available
Brought out courses backwards. Food was ok. We have come before and enjoyed it. Hopefully this is just a hiccup.
Excellent pizza!  Best I've had in AZ!  This place is closed on Sundays which puts a kink in the football pizza plans but the pizza is awesome.
I am going to see Godzilla hope it's great.I  enjoyed it but not as much as I thought I would. It seemed like they tried to remake the original Godzilla movie.  Great special effects. If you are a fan of Godzilla this is the movie for you.
Best theater in vegas, just have to sneak in ur four loco's lol they have the huge seats that you might not want to leave and the staff is amazing
Always a decent movie going experience. The sound and picture quality is good. The new beverage section is pretty cool. I would say they need to keep that area a little cleaner than they do. But I'm there for the movie and theater. So that works for me just fine.
What can I say. It's movies as usual. Great theaters and I must say they have good hot dogs compared to other theaters.
Awesome theater at a great location.Screens are very nice, and new. Popcorn is great. Nice going there, then walking straight to Stoney's right after.
These are my guys. Honest, hard working and super professional.  They even came out on Christmas Day.
$7 for a large orange juice. Ummmm...what?That being said, pancakes, bacon and hashbrowns were pretty good, so we'd probably go here again.
I love dancing here and cannot imagine learning anywhere else!  Excellent staff with extreme talent!
Winter white Cosmo and black cherry guava mojito! Yummy  The food was pretty good too!  We had originally planned to eat at Flemings because we had a gift card, but upon our arrival we discover that they are only serving by invitation because they didn't officially open until Friday.  But the valet out front pointed us to Bonefish because it's part of the same restaurant group and we would be able to use our gift card there as well.I am really glad we took his suggestion.  We were just in time for happy hour and the cool thing is they allow you to sit anywhere in the restaurant as opposed to most places that limit seating to the bar area for happy hour.  Service was a little lacking but they were a little busy.  Other than that, our food was really good, the happy hour menu had some good choices but we actually only had the bang bang taco off the list and enjoyed a few things off the regular menu because they sounded so good.So overall, I would return, and try a few of the other appetizing items on the menu.
Everything was so delicious.  Will definitely be coming back. Got the shrimp stuffed lobster as an appetizer. So yummy. My boyfriend got the fish and chips and the fish is breaded with tempura and it was amazing. I got the tilapia imperial with the crab fried rice. Everything was great even the lemonade and sangria.
Great grilled Chilean Sea Bass with mango salsa! Food was great as well as the service. Only complaint was that the music was so loud!
Awsm  food  great  deals need to  come  see  us great  service  fun people  good atmusfear
They have the BEST sausage!  They know how to make a good pizza.  Best pizza I have had in the East Valley.  He gets the cheese imported from Wisconsin and the sausage from the Southside of Chicago.  The owners are very nice.  If you are from Chicagoland and want a yummy thin sausage pizza, COME here.
Wonderful service and great selection of food and smoothies!  Owner is so helpful and accommodating.
A must try!  Yummy, friendly and affordable.Love, love, LOVE this place. Every single server has been super friendly and the sushi and sashimi is mouthwatering!  The Rainbow Roll never disappoints. I am also impressed with the beer selection. They have a rotation local brew and some classics as well. Didn't care for the spicy tuna roll, but every other thing has been great. My absolute favorite is the salmon sashimi.
Excellent food and cold beer. Nice overall environment. Waitress and bartenders are friendly always make sure we have what we need
Good food, consistently horrible service.   For the third time being ignored by waitstaff, our patience is exhausted.
Le burger poisson ! Un délice ! Pas de poisson pané, seulement un filet bien assaisonné et totalement décadent !!Sinon, fish and chips de différentes grosseurs, servi avec frite et salade. Un poisson qui se défait dans la bouche et qui n'est clairement pas un ptit paquet congelé. Au contraire, c'est un des meilleurs que j'ai mangé. A essayer avec une bonne bière, sur la terrasse !
Pretty expensive........ I bought only black coffee with 4.5 dollars.  A lot different from other places.
Great sushi. Fish very fresh and tasty. Nice little restaurant in Arcadia. Went with a group attending the same conference. Ordered several different kinds of rolls and a few other dishes to share. Would definitely recommend.
Fun and relaxed bar with great service!  Rob is a great host as well as all the bartenders and the beer selection is always awesome!
It was okay ... Nothing impressive. Not worth the $$ I ordered the hamamazing crepe. Very little ham and Swiss cheese. Filled with more lettuce. Trying to be cheap...
Came here looking for vape products. Helpful staff for inexperienced shoppers.Fairly good selection. But you would have to go to a specialty vape store to get more selection.Note: Did not come here for tattoos or piercings.
Best Mexican in Charlotte. The nachos are huge and delicious. Great patio when the weather is nice.
Wow you have to see this place to believe it.  I know you have seen those cake shows on TV.  Now you can see it in person !!! The cakes are amazing, I can't believe they are all edible.  The owner couldn't be nicer or more accommodating.  If you need a cake or a box of truffles for any occasion , get here ASAP !!
Dont mind the wait...its worth it. Patty melt did not disappoint! The fries can make you angry because they are "shoestring" style and you cant get enough of them in your face at one time! We will be back to try the frozen custards in the near future.
Coffee watered down.  Salad was lettuce with some lemon on it. Terrible service.  Food is worse.
Get here early. The place fills up quickly. I love this place now. The new update makes the place so much more inviting. The parking is validated for up to 4 hours, which is really awesome. The only reason I gave it for stars was because of the popcorn. You are a movie theatre, your popcorn should be on point. I don't know what it is, but something is not right about it.
Secret life of Walter Mitty is the best movie of 2013 and I loved my experience from the food to the seating. The reason why I gave this place 4 star instead of 5 is the service. I waited a long time and never got my change and so the waiter stayed with 20 dollar tip which is way too much since i wanted change. I think he needs training since the other wait staff had to help him. The bar was cool and spacious with enough staff and enough seats & couches.  The decoration made it feel like it wasn't a sports bar but there was a few large TV's to watch any games. the service at the bar was better and I wish it was the same before sitting in the theater.
Great clean little place, this is now my go to for Mexican food. I got a chimi, and it was amazing. Everything was fresh and made to order, can't really ask for anything more.
Serving Pure Wax-cellence! All about perfect shaping, waxing, plucking, tinting... Without looking like a drag queen. Stacey is professional, precise, and provides incomparable customer service! Highly recommend The Wax Genie for all your waxing and manscaping needs.
Love love I will be going back again, it's actually real Mexican and in Tuesday's its $1 dollar taco Tuesday's great customer service and they remember what you like! The best thing about it they deliver and it's still hot when it gets to your house. WONDERFUL restaurant will recommend to ANYONE I always get the California Style Fajita Burrito because I'm a Californian at heart!
I been at this place  and the service its great . The food  its tasty . I like to go the . U  can enjoy your food indoors or outdoors
Awesome food and service ....nice small bar where everyone knows your name hahaha we had a great server and the sandwiches we had were great ....the patty melt and philly cheese steak....sorry to say the chili was not great
Patio was nice. Service was very quick. Quesadillas were good, daughter gave chicken fingers a 6/10 (she is a cranky teenager), wife gave wings 9/10. We will back but I hope they add a craft brew to the tap.Came back for an ASU game. It was a great place to watch the game. Servers were great, game was on many screens, and it was a fun crowd to watch a game with.
Live the 7 pepper steak salad. Has a good kick to it. Tomato basil soup is good too but has to many croutons.Great for lunch if you are looking for a good quick lunch and not to many people. Good for meetings because it is usually fairly queit at lunch time. Not sure why.. just is.
Great food at a good price... And we are regulars. Just ate in the restaurant vs takeout for the first time... Good service too. We will be back.
My favorite!!   Always fresh.  Mom and I love it.   I  go there every month.  Pork, shrimp, chicken and everything. Egg rolls  Mmmh I love it
Menu is extensive, self serve salsa bar. Really clean.  If you have questions be patient while the cashier gets the manager that speaks English.  He's super friendly and will make whatever you want.  Oh how I love a good machaca breakfast burrito and horchata.  I told him to hold the cheese and veg it up.  It was huge and perfection.  Yumm.
I would give a zero if I could. Whoever does scheduling is completely rude. Called to try and schedule an appointment. I am an existing patient at another location and she said that didn't matter at this location and that I would be a new patient there so they wouldn't see me. When I tried to explain and ask if she would look up my info, she just snapped that it didn't work that way there.
I absolutely recommend KMJ. Great personalized service. My father recommended Mike and he was right.
Good family dining and friendly service. Fresh food. Excellent breakfast. Not too expensive. Patronize a family place instead of a chain!
Worst check in process. Just shitty service. Takes forever to check in. Rooms aren't ready. Never again. Pay more and stay at a better hotel. They don't even have a simple USB port in the room are kidding me?
If you are seating in the 200's AA seats, there are bars on the ends of the stairways that obstruct your view for those seating on the end seats. The seats themselves are pretty comfortable and don't feel as cramped as other theaters' seatsLike most theaters, they have a snack bar with popcorn, snacks, soda, and adult beverages for purchase. Keep in mind though that you will be paying a premium for your goodies. I suggest going to the theater early if you have will call tickets, as it can become extremely busy and the number of space for staff working seems smaller than other theaters.
Great TVs cold beer outstanding service. Try the pot roast-best thing on the menu. Wait staff is very friendly and attentive. Any small or big sporting event this is the place!
Here with good friends. Awesome twin peaks server Kimberly. Lots of tv to view, besides the server's.  Food is fresh hot and quick.
Fresh food! Great service! Lively atmosphere!  Would def recommend :) My husband and I come here on most o our date nights before we go anywhere else. We bring our kids here too. It is kid friendly. This place got our kids loving sushi. I recommend it to all my friends. PS. Dessert is yummy too!
Service was courteous, but slow. Food was really impressive. I thought the quality was really great for the price. We will definitely come back.
Hidden gem, this is a great little sushi place. Good price good quality. There is always a happy hour menu.
Good meal. Didn't expect this level of Chinese food in Pittsburgh.Had soup dumplings and beef soup noodle. Noodles are hand made and fresh. Dumplings were good, and most of times you can't go too wrong with soup dumplings.
Dr. Susan Obagi is here. There are few better than she.  As the Center's Director Suzan Obagi, MD, is associate professor of dermatology and plastic surgery at the University of Pittsburgh, and she trains physicians from around the world on the latest in cosmetic and laser surgery.You may have heard of Obagi skin products and of her very famous doctor father in Los Angeles. She gives straight advice and the best treatments you can find anywhere. I think we are really fortunate to have Dr. Obagi here in Pittsburgh. She can be expensive but she is definitely the best for you skin and face.  Our results over several years of various treatments have been quite outstanding.Dr. Obagi also has a practice in Wexford where we first met with her before the Shadyside suite was completed.
Stopped in instead of fighting 5pm traffic.  Nice place and happy hour specials makes it very happy indeed.  I think Gallo Blanco is bit better which puzzles me since it is the same people.
Great service to the lovely bartender in the polka dot shirt! She was professional, charismatic, and friendly to all of the customers. Thank you!
Great tacos. Best I've had in awhile! The service was efficient. I enjoyed the shrimp tacos. It was fresh. The guacamole in the taco enhance the flavor!
This place would be slammed busy if it were in CenPho.  It is a great dinner with lots of yummy things for breakfast and lunch.  My favorite is the breakfast burrito.btw, Milk Shake Mondays!  $2 all day.  I've not had one yet but they look great.
My wife and I have been going to this place every Saturday for the last three months. This place is great. The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly.
Great menu. Awesome food. Place was packed and had a wait for good reason! I There is pretty much every thing you can imagine on the breakfast menu and all the dishes that came to our table were great and the portions huge (you could easily split!).
Awesome place! Wonderful food n Great staff! Service is fantastic! The french toast is amazing. I like the daily specials as well. Lunch has always been a nice treat. Prices are fair. Casual too. Some of us rolled out of bed and came straight here lol.
Best pancakes. Real food, organic and locally grown. Great staff. Can't wait to go back for more!
Deep fried French toast. Nothing more need be said.Actually, this review was a little short for Yelp's taste so I must blab on for some reason.Get the French toast. It is deep fried and they call it "San Francisco style."Again, deep fried French toast.
Great place for breakfast, very cozy and retro. This is great hidden gem that we were surprised how good the food is.
Great service was great and the food was good. It was my first time here, I enjoyed it. The OJ is also amazing. I highly recommend it.
Great food awesome french toast tasty food coffee simply awesome great service and people also will be back!
Great Experience. Wonderfull staff and efficient. Food also tastes very good! Everything was fresh cooked.
The Caronaritas are amazing!!!  5 stars for sure. We had the chicken and beef fajitas that they let us split. I am amazed anytime I receive amazing customer service!  This is on our go to list for sure. A ton of family members have went just from us telling about it. Omg chips and salsa they do let u fill up be care cause you won't have room for the amazing meal your about to eat :)
Great friendly customer service and quality foodThe waitress checked on and chatted with us throughout our meal. The food is made from scratch from the flour tortillas to the guacamole!  The food is too quality flavored and cooked just right!
Really delicious chicken fajitas. Always always come here.. Recommend to everyone . I always come here and order chicken fajitas for one.. They give you plenty of food!!
Good service good fajitas. I would describe the fajitas to have a Mexican citrusy flavor that stood out most. I liked that they offer grilled vegetables instead of rice and beans. I have to try again to have a better idea of the true quality of the food. But a solid pick and good choice.
This place is alright, not a big deal, I had better Mexican food...I wouldn't be excited to go back and eat there again..
Amazing staff. Happy Hour is a bonus. Love the environment. Definitely recommended. Juans an amazing owner and host.
Excellent service and such yummy food! We will be back for sure! Our water cups were always full, super fast service, manager comes around talking to the tables. Food is so good! This is our go to place at least weekly!
Better than the other clubs with true meal service.  The wine and liquor selection is really nice as is the food.  The service left a little to be desired.  It is in a  convenient location in the airport, but not every AMEX member gets in for free.  Please do not throw a hissy fit if for some reason you do not.  It is annoying to those around you and you should be embarrassed.
By far my favorite lounge in the U.S. Thanks American Express! They offer hot meals, a full bar and warm cookies. The menu doesn't change too often so after awhile it can get boring. Overall, it's the reason why I keep my AMX card.
The farro salad is outstanding (and I'm not a farro salad guy). Also great cocktails and wines.
Platinum status gets you in.Complimentary organic bites to keep you full, Complimentary drinks to quench your thirst.  It's worth going to the airport early just to relax here before your flight.
Quite, free booze, comfy seating, only way to travel.Excellent service, plenty of seating,  the food selection could be a bit better but it beats seating in front of the terminal
Amazing place puts all others to shame!  Awesome food buffet that is 5 star quality!  Friendly staff!  Great wine!
Found in the New York New York Hotel in Vegas, they really do everything at New York speed, style, and splurging prices!Fast cashier, fast drink making, in and out before you know it.Want fruits (bananas and the like)? They're legit New York prices at $1.75 a pop! Yikes.
Kids eat FREE everyday!!! Food and Service is ok.  It is just way too salty.  But it is a nice change from the other chains in the area.
Food was okay, unfortunately the service is the worst.  Being the only breakfast place around (for now) took way to long to get a table. Then once we did get seated and order, waited over an hour for food. To bad
Excellent food and excellent friendly service! Great variety of food and they have grits!!!
Showed up for breakfast at 615 left at 625 with no service. Great place to eat, but no one came up to greet us or seat us. We won't be coming back. At least have a bell to let yall know someone has popped in to eat.
Lousy thanksgiving dinner ever!! And found hair in my salad, cranberry sauce from a can.
Absolutely the best restaurant! !! Try the caramel pork chop & lobster.. the view is spectacular.
Great beer, great food, great atmosphere.  Have been here multiple times and it always delivers. The beers are always amazing and the food is the best!! Would highly recommend visiting here. Try the poutine!
We'll be back. Good selection of beer, large portions of food and live music. Would recommend to others.
Best chicken in town hands down go try for yourself and the Philly cheesesteak tastes authentic and great
Love the Reuben with the side salad! The bomb!!! Crave it all the time!! Heard the shakes are great, but have not tried one yet! I will tho....
This place sucks I was the bar for 30 mins and got no service. Then I order 3 beers and all 3 was over a year old WTF... It's nothing spectacular about this place I came here on fight night.. I should have stayed home.
Clean, clean, clean. Nice staff, great selection. Worth the visit. Monday is military discount. Plenty of parking and easy to get in and out of the shopping center. Walmart to Newman Marcus. Something for everyone.
Great little place for fresh food that leave you feeling great. I had an omelet with spinach and avocado, wheat toast and a green juice. It was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. I juice everyday and the juice that they served was great. You go in and order and then they bring the food to wherever you are sitting. The food came quickly. The place was nice and clean. I will definitely will go back again.
Smoothies, juices, breakfast, great salads...Rachel's is the spot!Looking forward to coming back next time I'm Downtown.
Great sandwiches and now they have same sandwiches wrapped in lettuce!! Fantastic! ! Go for the loaded Turkey with avocado wrapped in lettuce. It Don't get any better
The best cupcakes in town!!!  Always fresh and delicious.  If I need a cake I may have to order from Showboy.
Good food good atmosphere good service. Liked the tacos a lot but we weren't terribly impressed with the salads and we casually mentioned it to our server who told the management who came over apologized and comp'd them even though we told him that wasn't necessary. Very positive review of the service!
Nice atmosphere and had the veggie taco & chicken taco...quite yummy!  Reservations a little hard to come by on open table, it seems, but maybe that's a testament to its popularity :)
Friendly staff, nice patio (except for smokers), decent beer and great street tacos. Hip clientele of all ages, good for people watching.
Don't bother with guestlist if you're trying to see a big headliner, just buy presale so you don't wait for hours just to get in!It's great that there's always a good headliner DJ playing every weekend in Vegas, thanks to their resident lineup, but the biggest problems here are the layout and the management.The layout is like an up-and-down maze. The steps are always overcrowded with people, so watch your step or you'll be playing dominoes in human form. If you want to avoid the crowded dancefloor (and getting stepped on by high heels nonstop), it's good to escape upstairs, but there really isn't an area to dance. You do get a good view of the fancy lights and effects.The management is pretty bad. In my past experiences dealing with the promoters here, they are pretty rude or just inadequate in helping you get into the venue without some catch.
The ling ling room is amazing! Steve aoki is my favorite dj and he puts on such a great show with his cake throwing and the table presentations are awesome! Next time need to get a table!
Love love love this place! The security team is awesome! Ten stars! It is by far my most favorite place to go in Las Vegas. Keep up the good work guys!
Buy your tickets a few hours before the movie.... Theaters are small and sell out easily. Note... It's assigned seating so buying early will help get you a better seat.The seats were super comfy.... and the legs kick out so you can put your feet out and lay back and relax while watching your movie.  There's an oversided tray that you can use for your snacks.Plenty of arm room on the arm rest so you don't have to worry about touching your neighbor.I highly recommend to NOT sit in the front row... so buy your tickets early.  (Lesson learned on my part.)
You can't use Galaxy Gift Cards to buy tickets online. Seems to be a severe disconnect here. When I called to question this, the girl that answered was not very sympathetic. Her reply was that I could come down and buy the tickets in person. This seems ridiculous since all the movies I ever want to see sell out hours before showtime. This is not convenient. I would never buy someone a gift card, or ask to receive one as a gift. Its a waste. I've had someone contact me with a work around, however I don't think I have much left on my card. Regardless my gift card experience left a lot to be desired and I wouldn't want to put anyone else through that.  However the actual movie theatre itself is amazing but don't believe that bit about no bad seat. Make sure you sit in the 3rd row or further for optimal viewing. I love the seats that fully recline. Bar offers wine. What more could you ask for?
Best Theater ever! Recliners! Beer! Wine! Enough said. The whole family loves this place.
By far the best! Hard going back to the traditional theater for sure! Kids stay comfortable in big seats and can comfortably sit on your lap if they get tired. Love the recliners!
Beautiful place and no one does lashes like Tamara! Love this place!!! I've also has peels and waxing! Everything is top notch!
Pretty good!!   Good sushi and good service.   Have been there several times. The place always is clean has great food always friendly and happy people working there.  We will definitely be going back because I really want to try and do the hibachi grill next time.  We are always happy about the presentation of the food and quality.
Great food and service! Sushi was the best I have had in a long time in the upstate area.  It's the perfect spot to meet friends to catch up.
Cool music on my trip. They're trying their best. I like the selection, and their display boards. Really cool to see the different levels left for each beer. I think their beer will continue to get better and evolve over time. Right now, I think they're still at that young brewery stage where they're trying to get out more product rather than the absolute best product, but we'll see. I'll definitely be back though.
First time here. Enjoying the La Crescent Saison. My guy's enjoying the Barrel Aged (redacted). Samples help you make your choice. Looking forward to our next visit.
Lots of different styles of beer and fun service. A great place for beer lovers. Quiet and great prices.
Excellent food and attentive staff.  Good drinks selection and overall value. I had a small request for fresher bread recently, this was at the end of the day, and the manager went out of his way to correct this.
Go early to avoid the rush!We bought a membership specifically so we could meet up with friends for play dates here.  The new location is really nice, there is a TON of stuff for the kids to do, and it is surprisingly well staffed and clean (for a place where hundreds of small children run around all day, this is no small feat).There is an attached parking garage that is free.  I did notice as well that if a child is separated from their family (did not happen to me), the staff rallys to find the missing family while keeping the child calm and in one place.  There are also staff members stationed near exits and going into/out of the massive multi-leveled jungle gym so that children can't go wandering off on their own.  That being said, still keep an eye on your kids!  hehIt does get really busy on  weekends, we have been there right at opening and close to closing times and it was less busy in the morning.  I'm giving the new location 5 stars for parking, friendly and attentive staff members, cleanliness, and enough activities to keep young children entertained for HOURS.
Nikki was amazing! My pedi looks good and sparkly! I would definitely will be coming here every visit to Las Vegas!!!
Came in for mani and pedi.. Dominic you are awesome!! It is a nice little place and all the staff is awesome.. I got 4 free polishes with the package and for the checkin...
Cierra did a great job applying my silver gel nails. I got the pedicure with the massage.
Worst manicure ever!!!! Expensive and does not worth the pay! I ask for rounded nail edges which I did not get, instead I got an uneven corners!! also she was rough!!
Good pizza prompt delivery.  Felt like the pizza was perfect doneness and I like it thin crust. Cheese curds were not my favorite but okay.
We had a great meal and great service! Even during happy hour we were seated immediately and our order was taken quickly. Our order arrived in a timely manner and was beautifully presented. It was delicious, fresh and flavorful. We would definitely recommend Sushi Style to any of our friends!!
Great surprise in the hood , no more driving to Scottsdale , tried several rolls , all well prepared , and happy hour 4-7 and 8-10 ., I'll be back!
This place is getting worse in service and taste. It was good at Champon and Ramen, but now it is not good at all.
They always have tasty food! Great stop before a long travel day! The brownies and cookies! I love this Amex perk!!!
Shitty food, not very good service. Never return. This place is NOT good. Expensive with no Good Seafood at all.
Great food! ESP bar b qWe had 4 sandwiches and the smashed garlic Parmesan potatoes Really well donehighly recommend
Don't waste your time, unless you just want to do a 'quickie' self wash. Don't expect much from vacuum too. And carry your CCW, had some shady characters starring me down
Love this place, a little taste of home.....The service is as expected, the employees are friendly. The food is just what I want when I'm in a local food kinda mood....
Great service.   Good food. They have the best chocolate martinis around! Kid friendly.  Good outdoor seating.
The best! I've lived all over! I always have people coming up to me and asking, "Where do you get your hair cut?" Everyone there does a great job!
Great service. Rueben is the dude. It was my first cut in Arizona and I won't be going anywhere else. Nothing but praise for this place.
Boris and staff are fantastic! Quality haircuts for an awesome price. The staff at shaving grace truly get to know their clients, making it an easy and enjoyable experience. I've been returning to Shaving Grace Barber Shop every 5 weeks, and it's always  job well done.  They have a great vision for hair ideas and from time to time suggest ways to better your look.  They are rapidly growing with new clientele so make sure you call ahead for an appointment.
Boris and the crew are great ! Every barber is very talented and it is always very clean.
Best haircut in az. No more needs to be said. But yelp won't let me post unless it has more characters. Word. Word. More words. Word and word. Just go see Boris.
Kittens and cats for adoption here. Come see them if you have a good home to offer. They are so adorable! I wish I could adopt them all.They also do pet grooming at this location.I was in search of cat grass for my boy tabby, Burrito and was able to get that and some cat nip for him. I wanted to bring home another cat, but remained strong knowing that 2 big cats is all my condo will tolerate.  The people were helpful too.
Having a great time at eclipse. The new renovations pop out. The cocktail waitress have great energy. Can't wait to come back
Bartenders suck. Never going back.Really killed the vibe for my Wife and I.Got talked to about the specials them they never came back.Other than that it seems cool. But can't really say because we left shortly after not getting our drinks.
Heck yeah! Food trucks galore! Nothing better than festival food with the high festival prices, but with out all that hassle of a festival. Okay okay that sounded harsh. I actually really liked this. I did arrive with about 30 minutes left, so unfortunately most of the trucks were about out of food. However I did have the best sandwich ever, pot roast! hello!! this was delicious and needed to be eaten with a fork. I personally enjoy food trucks and like how this has taken off. Gourmet food on a truck, with out gourmet prices of a fancy restaurant. I cant wait to go again!
very nice! they do a really good job and provide nice long pedicures.  I love Lin! she's has good conversation that sometimes gets all the ladies involved in a fun time while getting pampered. Thank you! 5 Stars!
For a tea lover this is EXACTLY what Pittsburgh needed! A tea paradise with over 100 different selections. As soon as I walked in I was in heaven.I think I weirded out the owner and server with how excited I was, but I really love tea! I just saw tea in the title as I was browsing Yelp and literally just went there. So I had no idea what to expect. I went prepared to either walk in to buy tea or sit down and work.Good thing is it's set up like a tea room, so you can sit down and enjoy your tea with friends or bust out some work (yay for me!). It's really cool inside. There's little rooms you can sit in with a group of friends that almost look like it could transport you to a different country. Adorable, really!There's literally a whole book full of teas you can order from. There's black, white, oolong, etc etc etc. Too too many to even name! I went with the Black Vanilla tea. It was delicious. Would have gone with a touch of milk, but I didn't know if it was "proper" to ask. They also have some very light snacks and desserts. I'm so excited to come back, I'm sure I'll get to the eats at some point. Although, I wasn't really a fan of the music. It was kinda like something you'd hear at a spa. If I had ear buds with me, I probably would have popped them in. But I get why they're playing it, for ambiance. Whatever, I'll be back working my way through the menu!
First visit!  Hoping to find lunch!   A quick lunch pick up since this new QT is right down the street from my work place.  I took advantage of the $5 lunch with a classic club sandwich, smokehouse potato salad and the large drink.  The selection of brewed teas and coffees is just as endless as I had heard.  I custom blended my iced tea with sweetened passion fruit black tea and unsweeted regular tea after giving several different ones a taste.  My sandwich was super fresh on thick slabs of brown bread and the potato salad was tasty as well. The entire facility was really clean and there were lots more choices for prepared foods as well as standard service station fare.  There will be a QT soon in my neighborhood and I am looking forward to the gas prices and the number of refill stations, too.  Funny aside, I was asked not to photograph the store until I told them it was for a Yelp review and then they were more than happy to let me continue!
Lana is GREAT!  Prompt, detailed and warm!  She quoted me a quick turnaround time on short notice and gave great suggestions on the tailoring!
It wasn't all that great....food didn't taste like it had flavor and maybe it's because it was late but my friends chicken taco didn't even taste like chicken. Like I don't even wanna give it a 1 star
Absolutely love this restaurant!!! The food is fantastic and so yummy!!!  I'm recommend this place to everyone and anyone
Love their beek shawarma rice bowls! Not crazy expensive. Rice bowl can be made into a combo. They have flavored humms. Really good.
filet was over cooked and wasn't worth the $$$$ price.  No Thanks...  The second time that I was talked into going back..... was a big mistake.
Great store...Mark was just rude!!!  Really like some of the stuff..a little pricey.  Some great deals ..just have to look hard..all the other clerks are wonderful..except for that ONE...
Disgusting!!! I don't recommend this place at all!! Save your money and go to an all you can eat sushi bar!!! If I could I would give this place 0 stars!!! YUCK!!!!! 6 pieces of sashimi for $15?!?!?! you can go to YAMA SUSHI and pay 23.99 for ALL YOU CAN EAT!!!! I got the tonkatsu and had to even ask for rice, WTF?!? The miso soup wasn't even hot and the salad tasted like it had sand in it!!!! THIS PLACE WILL NOT LAST FOR SURE [BIG THUMBS DOWN FOR THIS RESTAURANT]
Good price on happy hour. The foods are taster too. Must try.. Happy hour from 2-6 pm.
Highly recommend their Double Down Salmon roll. I absolutely loved it. Also ordered their Lychee Blast refresher since I'm a big fan of lychee- refreshing!
Get a LVH players card and you might get free tickets!! This show was EVERYTHING!! I rocked out in the crowd with my husband and the rest of the crowd. It was definitely a great show!! I knew alot of the songs considering I'm actually an 80s baby, but that show confirmed my first soul was in the 60s or 70s for sure! lol...I really enjoyed the brief history lesson as well. I loved looking at the older crowds eyes as their favorite songs came on and how they lit up in joy!!! I have that same light when a song from TLC comes on!!It is definitely a great show and alot of interaction so that makes it even better!!! And don't let those old fellas fool you on that stage they have more energy than me at 27 years old!! So standing ovation to them!!! I loved the guitar players the most though!! Please so see this show when you go to Vegas!! Anyone who has an ounce of appreciation for Rock Music will love it.
OMGOSH I am in love with this show!This is the most amazing show, if you love rock and roll then go see this show.
This show was uh-maxing!!!!!!! What a show!!!!! You will NOT be disappointed! There isn't a dull moment, great songs, great performance. We got VIP seating through Groupon and sat right in front of the stage!
Great place this was my third time here and sal was great as alwaysThis is the best place to get your car windows tinted
Mediocre at best. Food was ok, service was ok, but nothing special. Will not eat here again in the near future.
Good neighborhood quite and peaceful plus great security management. .amenities are maintained properly....
Checked out there storage area , couldn't use anything this time but defiantly will in the future... They have lots of stuff and were really helpfull!!!   There stuff is fantastic and they have all kinds of different ideas on how to use them ,definitely will be back in the future !
First time getting b12 shot . Super nice welcome from employees . It took no time to get the shot and was told about other things going on that I could look at over all just awsome
Great service, great atmosphere, crab legs were great and the managers were very helpful with everything
located inside the LBGTQ center, best vegan salad we had on our road trip, amazing! also has coffee, sandwiches, pastry. go here if youre sick of all the other stuff...
Awesome food and awesome service! New lunch spot :) we were immediately offered a sample of today's soup. Then we were offered a more detailed menu. They also have a cantaloupe and turmeric smoothie which is great for those who have inflammation.
Just get 'David's Special' and all will be well in the world. They have free delivery over $30, so living in Vegas we sometimes order a bunch for the week. Healthy and tasty. Nom nom...
The bizness David's special is amazing! But I've recently grown a custom to the complicated order!
Bland fish, bland rice. Nothing was terrible but nothing to write home about either. I posted a new photo of the menu because the one I looked at on Yelp was out of date.
Our new favorite ramen spot.  We love the pork broth and chasu.  My wife spent 6 years in Tokyo and was disappointed with some of the other local spots.  This one she loved.
Vegan Ramen! Would like to see a fried tofu option! The base was excellent!  Good service.  Nice people.
This ramen changed my life. And it's changing others. Great change on mill compared to other bars and restaurants. Very nice atmosphere
Everything was great, but my sausage on my sandwich was really big.  :) Management knows what they're doing here. I would definitely go back. I only have one criticism, why is the espresso machine so old. This place has money can't they afford a good quality machine?
Great food and quality ingridents friendly service and reasonably priced !!! The service was nice and friendly had to wait a bit for our food but I'd don't mind cause it was nice and fresh reminds of Mexico
They have disco fries. Do I need to say more? Great, super brunch!!! Wonderful service. Try the Leroys Sleepover for a fun sweet/salty breakfast treat!
Great place for Sunday brunch!! Love the pancakes!!! Services was excellent!! Can't wait to go back!!
Just grabbed drinks here but a cool place. Very cool drinks, I just had a Moscow mule and it was good. They had some interesting whiskey cocktails that I will try next time I stop by. Tons of whiskey/bourbons to choose from!We didn't eat any food so not sure if it is any good.
Always come here for breakfast every Friday, usually don't have silverware on the table but hey its Dennys
Long wait, burnt food.  We won't be back.  Manager gave us an excuse that they had a table of 16 ahead of us.  It would of been nice to know ahead of time as we would not have waited.  Good luck.
Great homemade pasta and ambiance. I highly recommend. Try the Chili Shrimp or the happy hour pizza for $7.00 is amazing
Jason is a great bartender! The best ever. He's awesomeness :)!!!! He's fast and kind and really cool
Food was tasty... but I felt everything is over priced, unfortunately. No bread on house,  our pasta dishes were half portion at other restaurants, and price was higer side as an Italian restaurant's pasta dishes. I will drive up to "North Italian" in Phoenix next time when I want Italian while I am staying PHX area.
Delicious food. Great service. Awesome service. I highly recommend EVO! I will be coming back the next time we are in Scottsdale for sure.
I must say the food was great ! Can't say much for the waitress . The chef would come around and speak to all the guest , very pleasant .
NickI'm coming in to visit you before heading home to San Francisco!  Lovely atmosphere, wonderful wine selection & delicious entrees.
Outstanding cardiologist. Incredibly talented, kind and knowledgable. He takes the time to really explain. Doesn't rush, genuinely cares about his patients and people in general.
Food was excellent. Fresh. Great service. Nice to see some awesome food on our stay. A little far from the strip but was worth the taxi ride. They have some great sauces to mix the perfect ingredients for dipping your meat.
We came to try the most talked about Lechon Cebuano style and was not dissappointed. We tried the Kare-Kare and the Bicol express too and both dishes came out really delicious. With all the different variations of Filipino food among Filipino restaurants one has to expect that if you put it on your menu you will be compared with others and Cafe de Cebu will have you come back for theirs.Ask for server Michael. He is polite and can suggest specialties.
Service was phenomenal!  Food was delicious! Great experienced! Thank you!We will definitely come back!
Boozey deliciousness! Pillow talk cocktail is awesome: absolute apple, strawberries. My favorite thing about this bar is the exceptionally unique country-themed hipstery design. Check it out for their roof-deck patio and fantastic ambiance. You won't be disappointed.
First impressions: love the decor, the happy hour is a pretty good deal, and the music and art is awesome :)  My friends and I really liked the food and basically everything about the place.  One note to keep in mind: children are not allowed in this place.
The decor is gorgeous, beer menu solid, but they're a little low on vegetarian menu options. The staff are pretty fantastic.We stopped in after dinner on Friday night and were seated really quickly, outside. The waiter was just lovely, chatty, friendly and attentive without hovering. They do $10 beer and shot matchups which are fun. Best of all is the decor, I was just about ready to move in.
Great place, nice bar maid, and great garbage fries for Breakfast, will be a place I will always go to in vegas, can't wait to try the fried lobster slider. Lots  of things to look at, inside & out. A must go to place
Best fast food hamburger ever made. No contest.  Fries are crispy and delicious.  Milkshakes are awesome
Completely useless. Waste of $40... Don't pay for public information. Couldn't find any houses for rent. Only has foreclosed houses owned by people who don't know anything about the site.
2 day complimentary tickets!!! Truthfully I was not expecting much since it was a 10-15min drive away from the Vegas Strip, but it wasn't that bad. You actually save a lot of money and almost every hotel has a free self parking so what the heck. If you're trying to save some money while still trying to have fun too, then this place is a good place because it's pretty nice.
Best pupusas in Phoenix.  They have good specials. I bring my family from Cali to eat here too and they say it's pretty good. I love how they stuff it especially with cheese. It's not as greasy as the other pupusas restaurants.  Don't expect this place to be fancy but that's one of the things I can appreciate....focus more on the food rather then the place.
Awful. Microwaved. Throwing in the trash. The cornbread was not fresh, it was cold and hard. We got a hot link that was probably microwaved as well since it looked all shriveled up.  With Dillons and Rudys close by, why settle for such substandard food?
Extremely friendly place. There's a passion for what they do which is hard to find. Had a nice talk with the owners son Kevin. He is a highly motivated person.
Best place to get a new hairstyle! Danton has been cutting and styling my hair now for a year and I've never had a better stylist! He instinctively knows what I want!Beautiful, more mature salon...great prices!
Great food, great service, great restaurant....well be back when I come back to Arizona for business....
absolutely amazing each and every visit. the food is amazing as well as the service. Love this family owned and managed place.
Another great lunch experience at SOLO.  I would encourage anyone to try and enjoy the food & wine at SOLO.
Great ambiance, amazing food and good selection of wine and beer. The owners are great. Wish I could eat here more often, I am always out of the state or country for work however.
Ladies Range Day on Thursdays! $10 for range fee for ladies. :) Joshua was great.  He really helped with my aim.  I went with a couple of gal pals.  I am practicing so I can get my CCW.
Dope food. Great fun and chill vibes. Will be back! Order the degustation course (not in menu)
Best Sushi in Montreal! The food, the atmosphere.. Phenominal! We had the tasting menu, and we got to try the best off their menu! The christmas tree starter was divine, every roll had a myriad of tastes that made it very difficult to choose which was the best. We will definitely go back!
The noodles. You guys.  These noodles. Insane.Thanks for the dude at Spring training for the suggestion.  Heck ya.  Go Dodgers!
Awesome noodles every time we come to eat, and I love the chashu buns! We can't come back as much as I would love to.
Best ramen place in town. They have great customer service too.  Highly recommend it to everyone
Love this place to death! Kimchi fried rice is my favorite dish, the pork is to die for
Delightfully yummy, leaving with a full tummy. Everything we have tried has been great!
Love this place.  Friendly staff great food.  Jamies is a great guy, always trys to remember everyones names.
This place rocks....great drinks fun staff!!!!I come in a couple days a week with my boyfriend....great place to unwind
Best Chinese food in town!  A different kind of place but well worth the visit.  Great they have all the ball games.
They take great care of East Madison Toyota. Always prompt and friendly. Food is what you'd expect. Bread is way better then Subway
Good food nice atmosphere and good service.I have the Monday lunch special to chicken enchiladas with rice and beans very tasty
Burgers seemed right out of a frozen box! Waited 30 minutes for 2 burgers. I was not impressed at all by this spot.
Excellent Pho! Highly recommend. The wife and I both had the shrimp pho with all the fixens. We will be back!
Pho is delicious!!! The fried rice is HELLA BOMB!!!!! The people are nice as well. Its a must go if you like food
Great food, good service, inexpensive. Cool little place I had the Seafood soup, awesome !
Food was amazing! Had the shrimp & chips and my daughter had the kids fish & chips.  This place has great staff, it's very clean (even smells like Hawaii!), and the food was great!  Will be coming here again!!  Welcome to Scottsdale Coconut's!
Love this place. I cannot get enough of it!Everything is always fresh, people are nice.I wish they would play some different video's on the big screens, the surfing video's are getting old!
Try the Mahi Mahi burger with blackened seasoning!! I tried the fish tacos as well. They were delicious, but my fish burger was outstanding! The mahi was so juicy and tender!! The blackened seasoning was perfect. It was a generous portion of mahi mahi fillet, fully covering the bun. Inside is very casual, so I may have expected lower prices, but the quality was so good, that it made sense. $25 for 2 people with 1 burger, 1 order of tacos, and 1 drink (and 1 water). The staff all seemed very friendly, and attentive even though there is not a formal wait staff. I like the decor but the atmosphere is a little quiet.Sometimes, I guess you can believe the hype! I look forward to returning and trying the coconut shrimp next time. If you have kids who love fish, this would be a great place to bring them. They offer a kid's menu.
This place is clean simple and has Awesome fish tacos !!!! Staff was friendly with good customer service a rare thing nowadays . I will definitely be back . You cannot find something like this quality unless you go gourmet .
Some of the best seafood in town. Good customer service and quick in and out. Told all my friends and will continue to go there. I would recommend the fish and chips or the shrimp.
Delicious fish tacos and great service!  Fast service but way better than any fast food.
One of my favorite fish taco places! The staff is very friendly too! A little on the pricey side but it a great treat to have once in a while.
Best fish in Scottsdale.  Great atmosphere friendly staff.  Always good.  Fantastic fish tacos.  Great portions.   Like Hawaii in Scottsdale
Soo amazing!  I love their fish tacos. .. the best ! If you are looking for fresh tasting flavorful food this is the place for you ! My new favorite place to eat
Service was fantastic! Fish tacos were delicious... Felt like I was in Hawaii. Great venue for kids too! Wish they had more locations....
We are in from out of town and some locals suggested we try this place. Fun atmosphere.   The staff was OUTSTANDING!    Food was excellent.
Good food, good service. Had lunch there twice, one take out. We will go back. The first tme I went for take out they gave me soup while I waited. The outside could use some work,  if not for the reveiws here we would have missed a good place.
Best Vietnamese food in town everyone should go!!! Also the owner is very nice. And the service is awesome!
Awesome food and awesome service so happy I found this place!!! First time trying pho and I'm now addicted.  Really yummy orange chicken too.  It was a to go order and they gave us soup and ice water with lime while we waited for our food.
It is easy to miss this place - it's not signed well and blends in with a dull, tan strip mall that looks deserted. However, give this place a shot! 5 stars! The server was awesome, peppy, accommodating and jolly! The food was plentiful, fresh and delightful. The inside of the restaurant is remodeled and OK.
Excellent food and service. Employees are always quick and polite. Great place to take the family.
Friendly staff and took care of what we needed. Will be back! Good prices good selection of juice. Go for the signature juices as they are better than the rest. They even customized a bottle for us.
No knowledge about juice blends or anything really. Wouldn't recommend anyone to go there unless you want crappy low grade juice.
This subway is amazing, very clean and very friendly workers... The food looked fresh and tasted good and the employees were very friendly... My sandwich tastes great
Found hair in my sub. We're professional about it and refunded me. Nice and friendly staff
So bad- go somewhere else.Was excited it was cheap. Understand why now. People were friendly.
I love Yo&I, it's my favorite boba place in the world! I recommend it to ANYONE who likes to have a variety of drinks, macarons, snow fluff, and more!
Omg totally amaze - balls! I can't wait to come back to try the House special everyone is raving about.  I had the coconut milk tea with boba and it was fun and refreshing
Wow.. What a great job !!... A very very good job... Highly recommend! They were able to get all my stains out.. and the carpet was dry and good to use asap...will use over many times
Great place to go before Diamondbacks games, not a lot going on afterwards. Drinks are about the same price as the Diamondbacks game.Bartenders were very friendly and served everyone quickly.
Very poor service.  Food was just ok.Came here before a Diamondbacks game to eat because it was close. Hostess stand did a good job managing us. Communicated well and got us seated. Waitress didn't seem to know our table number. Took our order, stopped by about 10 minutes after she took our order and said she wanted to out it in the system correctly ( we were hoping our food and drinks would come about then).  Food and drinks came at the same time.  Waitress said she would refill my wife's water, but never did. She buzzed past saying she would get us our billHad to flag her down and give her my card because the bill never came. She reviewed what we ordered because she thought the table number was wrong. Sigh. Didn't she do that before?We have now waited another 10 minutes for our check. We will miss the start of the game. I dread seeing the bill. It will likely be wrong.
My only recommended eye doctor! Staff is very helpful, I drive all the way across town to come here.
Make sure you ask about the coupons before you order. I ordered a footlong specality sandwich and the cashier told me that my coupon was not eligble.  The sandwich artist asked if I wanted some avacado on my sandwich without telling me this would be an extra charge.  Long story short, I ended up paying almost $10 for a footlong sandwich.  I will use the coupon next time but I will never visit this place again.
The cole slaw is in-flipping- believable!!!We had never been to a Capriotti's before, so we gave it a shot. The woman behind the counter wasn't exactly friendly and definitely not helpful after asking if it was our first time there. I got the vegetarian turkey something or other and it was meh to say the least. The very best thing about the entire experience was the freaking cole slaw! I will go back, just to have a cole slaw sandwich. NO JUDGING. :)
Great customer service! There new lunch special is amazing and so feeling! Everytime I go there with my family we always enjoy all the kindness and our wait may be a little wait but it's definitely worth all it! Never a disappointment!
Great staff! Friendly people, great specials everyweek. Always feel comfortable and welcome, a lot of the other dispensaries give u that cold and unwelcome feeling.
Great service always! My favorite nail salon :) and convenient location. Everyone that works there are great.
Love listening to Taylor Ouellette play!!! Great ambiance and vibes! He is an awesome live performer and plays a huge variety of songs. Highly recommend.
First time here, awesome time!  Coming back soon!  Hannah provided us with great service.
Good food, but really not a REAL sports bar as advertised. A few pictures on the wall and 7 TV's doesn't make you a sports bar.
Very addicting!  I go there every chance I can!  Clean, open space, great service!  Amazing food!
Service was very good and so was the Food. Loved the green chili burro. Their been dip tastes wonderful.
Great food great selection good atmosphere great prices really good place if you didn't like the place before is worth coming back to try it again
First time visiting. Nice staff, clean environment. I will be back! Lots of options. If you want something that you do not see coming around. All you have to do is submit the order to the waiter and they're more than happy to assist. Affordable sushi. What's not to love!
A new family favorite, small plates that are expertly made and reasonably priced. We came here with a Groupon a few years back and it's nice to see that they have added the eel, soy and spicy mayo to all the tables.
Great food! Awesome environment & staff. I highly recommend!! Try the jerk tilapia on Fridays. It's amazing!!
The homemade food never disappoints. The soup and pasta is always amazing! Always ask what the special is because the owner always is trying something new and delicious!
So far so good. Great price great work! Always able to get me in quick. I always feel better after leaving. Dr Roach does a really good job.
Best chiro around, quick and very efficient. Price is great and chairs in the waiting area are way too comfortable.
This new, high tech planetarium in Montreal just opened to the public on April 6th, 2013. It;s located next to other Montreal land marks (Olympic Park, BioDome and Botanical Gardens). It's very new, modern and high tech. They have two theatres. One you view the "sky" from bean bags on the floor or Muskoka chairs. Here they were showing a about 12 min artistic interpretation of the universe with a great music but there were no words, explanations. We saw this film first and loved the visual and overall experience of it but I was disappointed that there wasn't more information and description even though it was an artistic interpretation - but it was very beautiful. The second film is what I think of as a traditional planetarium. It's a theatre with adjusted chairs that allow you to see the "sky". this presentation kind of has two parts. First they show and describe the constellations of the seasonal Montreal night sky and then they go deeper into the far reaches of the universe to show nebulas, galaxies and all the rest. I really, really enjoyed this portion and felt it was very informative and is probably what most people expect/want when they visit a planetarium. They also have an exhibit type area that is very interactive with touch screens, and puzzles and talks from staff. I found this area a bit of a disappointment but also amazing. I felt like it was a bit more about how advanced and 'techie' it was then the information and there were some bugs in some of the touch screens closing things before you had finished reading and the 3 different talks that happened in the 2.5 hours we were there were all in French meaning we didn't participate. I get that they probably need this time of presentation space to draw in young learners but I felt like the science and knowledge wasn't as important in the process. Overall I was impressed with the space, the theatres, the exhibit hall and the cafeteria was great. However it seems like they are still going through some growing pains (like lake of signage, non operational exhibits for example). parking is expensive ($15 flat rate) so take advantage and see other things near by (ie olympic stadium or biodome) or take the Metro.
The absolute BEST fish taco I've ever put in my mouth PERIOD!!!!  I would drive by 20 places that sell fish tacos to get to these.  Your search ends here.
One of the best shrimp tacos I have had in awhile, friendly service as well, the best day is taco Tuesday buy one get one free
My wife loved her Fish Machaca Taco. I had the Gobernador. But we all agreed that my daughter's Shrimp Tacos were the best! We liked how many fixin's and dressings they had. You basically dress your own tacos.Great staff too! See their picture on my tips page.
This place has excellent fish tacos. The fish feels and tastes fresh. Service was good and the staff were helpful, giving suggestions and laughing with us.
Food is good and fresh. Prices are reasonable. This is a small local restaurant. I told the waitress that this was my first visit and I was curious about the fish so she gave me a sample and it was delicious. The word "taco" is used but they use soft tortillas. I ordered the fish taco and quesadilla both delicious and fresh.
Best fish tacos ever. The full taco is amazing and all of their sauces/salsas are so fresh.
I love Capriotti's. It really is the best sub chain around!I like how you can taste the good quality, distinctive flavors of each ingerdient.  You can taste bread, and meat and cheese unlike say, Subway, where everything is just Subway flavor.
The Capastrami was excellent. I will be back to try other selections. If you haven't tried this place you should go there for lunch as soon as possible it was delicious.
Meh...not too impressed. This is no east coast sandwich shop. I wouldn't say the food is bad, but I'd go elsewhere if I wanted a real grinder.
This place is amazing. I come here at least once a week. Amazing Italian food. The escargot is to die for. Family owned. Everyone is so friendly. Must try
The best escargot in vegas. The food is great along with the friendly service. All of the Italian dishes we tried were very good and tasted like they came right out of new york, where we are from. It's our favorite Italian  resturant in vegas.
The hamburgers taste like real food! Really good food! I had one outside of Coffee Budha on Perry highway. It is a nice change from a lot of the fast food  and chain restaurant burgers out there.
Great box.  Open gym all day for people like me that can't always make a class.All the coaches are very knowledgeable and they even have games athletes coaching you.  All the equipment is brand new and always clean.Everyone is very nice and always friendly.  Would recommend.
Great food! Really fresh and tasty and a great deal for the money! Pita was loaded with meat. Yogurt sauce was amazing! Restaurant is clean and modern and even the bathrooms were spotless. I'd highly recommend eating here!
Always fresh and tasty. Great service.  Greekumbers and Greek chicken platter are tops!
Unbelievable Gyro. First time here but plan on coming back many more times. Wasn't happy that my buddy was charged $.75 for more sauce for his Gyro. Staff very nice.
Great food and service! This is the third greek place we have tried and for me it was the best. I love falafel..and whatever makes it green inside!
Awesome food. Love this place. I would recommend you give them a chance. I have been to the one in Phoenix and a buddy of mine told me to try tis one out and I was glad I did.
Chilaquiles had a good sauce, salsa was great. Service warm. Carne asada tacos were delicious. I had mango agua fresca and it delivered
Not a bad spot the food was good the service was excellent. I would come back again I haven't experienced the club part yet but when I do I will do another review.
Great outdoor area!! Love the music middle aged crowd I had a ball. I enjoyed the mojito tasting and the bartenders were very friendly and gave a lot of advice about ways to enjoy the city! The decor of the. Place is just gorgeous
Family owned and operated.  Love it.  Always freshly made and very yummy.
This place closed down...  I just got here to find an empty store.  Yelp says my review is too short, so to post this and save others time I'm just filling in words.  But yes, it's closed.  See the picture.
Gluten free pizza for me!!! Yay! We order from Barro's pretty frequently now that we know they have gluten free pizza and you can basically build your pizza to your liking. The caveat is that with gluten free, as with alot of places, its more expensive. So much for having an allergy and not going broke! However, I have learned that gluten free pizzas have to be cooked seperately. Hence the reason you get only a 10in pizza instead of being able to order the fat butt American large marge size. I love the crispy crust, also. However, Barro's has been soggy on the crust at times, and we have since found another source for gluten free splurges. And don't expect any coupons or deals on gluten free pizza here..
Good pizza and wings :) they have the best lunch deal and your order arrives on time not too long nor too fast.
This place is super amazing highly recommend for anyone looking for decor items . Unique pieces & large selection to choose from.
Wax on. Wax off! This place is black belt! Bring your whole family!!!!They do a really good job on teaching the art. Watch out for the Vive those people might complain about all the all the yelling and shouting.
Great service at the counter and when I picked up the car! Highly recommend them.                                  Sorry this review is shorter than most but when the service is great that is all you should really have to post!
For sweet or salty treats!  Recommended!  We had the fondue, Crepes, Omelets.  If you like Hot chocolate look for the special formula
Kevin is amazing, I love my nails!! Very professional and fast. I will go back again. The gel color selection is huge
Great service and nice staff! The champagne was a nice touch too! Very fast service. The music was a little too clubby but it was entertaining.
Came here based on the great yelp reviews. They weren't lying. Kevin D did a great job on a mani pedi. Thanks!!
No longer at this location... no other information is given on their website. Was looking forward to try it out.
The adobada tacos were pretty good but didn't care too much for the asada ones. It's a pretty chill environment.  I just wished they had authentic horchata and not from the machine
Wow....them tripas tacos were yummy.  Crispy goodness.......bought it for a buck each.  Need I say more for their Tues-only deals?
Amber is a sweetie and so patient! This is inside the convenient store but in it's separate area. The ice cream is legendary. My kids love the animal cracker flavor while I can't get enough of the chocolate malted crunch.
Trevor is the shit, great guy and a great shop. Will be coming back for any automotive needs.
Just got done eating and getting gas and noticed this hidden gem. Had the puto, it was delicious. Definitely going back when I have an appetite. So far I can vouch for the bakes goods here.
Excellent grilled trout with mango salsa. Steak burrito rocks! Superb table service, attentive and informative. Very clean inside and out. I like that there are seating choices either the "library" a quieter area, or the "man cave" in the bar area, the "green room" like an atrium with plenty of light, or the actual bar area. Something for everyone. Looks like happy hour menu is diverse. On Monday's and Tuesday's it's 1/2 off a bottle of wine. Prices are reasonable and service was excellent. We'll be back.
If you're in the mood for mediocre....this is it. My entree was pretty good, but everything else was at best, ok. If I could give 2.5 stars, I would, I'm a generous person.Go to Richardson's, Phoenix grill, otro or dick's hideaway. They are all far superior.
Waitresses great. Happy hour was delicious. The catfish tacos were a great choice. As always the house margarita is the way to go!
So like, ask for Asia at the bar. ;)I'm not a Phoenix resident. So when I go out in other cities, I rely on the friends that take me to these places. We had a birthday dinner to attend here on a Friday night. From what I am told this place is pretty new.We arrived at 8pm and sat at the bar waiting on the others. The bartender (Asia form here on out) took my drink order and suggested other liquid treasures. They have a well Vodka that is really good. I was surprised.Asia was amazing, great energy, knowledgeable and just a good character in general. Definitely sit and kick back a few with her.When all the guests arrived we were promptly sat. I ordered the butter fish with strawberry miso sauce. WOW. Literally melted in my mouth. Cooked PERFECT. It sat on top of some asparagus spears that were equally as tasty. I didn't have any sushi that night, but from what I saw and was told there was not one disappointment.My only con of the place was the layout. This has NOTHING to do with the staff, but everything to do with the interior decorator. The seating setup toward the wall is awkward, causing the servers to have to shimmy on by or tiptoe behind you. The place still seems to be finding the right grooves within one another and are doing it well thus far. I would definitely recommend this place as a local or out of towner such as myself. Try it...love it...Yelp it...
Service is great! Food not so great!  Sashimi looks a lot smaller than the picture! Customer service is great!
Love the place!  Great food and an even greater atmosphere.  From the moment we walk in, the staff are amazingly friendly and welcoming.  This is how a restaurant should be.
Best Chinese we know of in South Phoenix. Very clean inside, nice people very welcoming.
Their wonton soup with sirracha sauce cures cancer. It's that good I recommend to all
Spinach and feta croissant for breakfast! YUM! I love how they serve the croissant on a wooden cutting board with it's name, Local Loaf, burned into the wood! I had a pour over coffee from Not Just Coffee and watched the market come alive!
Great food, fresh and tasty. The tacos are overstuffed and the salsas are delicious. They have a rewards program.  Sign up for texts to get specials.
Very good!!!! I loved the greens and fried chicken. I hope this place becomes a Queen Creek staple.
The food was awesome! We enjoyed our Dinner Date Nite !!  This new location is perfect
Not the best sushi...bad service and pricey. I wont be coming back. The rolls were ok but again very pricey.
Try gingerbread latte yum.This is the best looking, most comfortable airport coffee shop I've ever been in !!!  Big comfy chairs with little tables. A big water container with cups in the restaurant away from the congestion of the order counter.  Friendly , happy workers equals happy customers.  I know you can't please everyone, but at 5am a room full of happy airline travelers is a hard thing to come by.  If your in need of coffee in Phoenix Sky Harbor , terminal 3 be sure to stop by and take a load off !!
Delivery: I just paid $27 for two tiny room-temperature pizzas. Can't believe it.  Feel completely cheated.Not sure how they can get away with two locations.  Montreal has some GREAT places for pizza but the overall standard really needs to improve so places like this won't exist.
I don't like this place. They are incapable of making anything that isn't exactly on the menu. It's not a place to sit have a good breakfast it's a grab and go. I wouldn't go here ever again. They can't even make a simple turkey sandwich. Don't go here if you want a simple breakfast or lunch
Food was soo yummy!!! Will be back to try those yummy looking cronuts.The dirty chips were amaze balls. I'm going to be coming in to try the French toast very soon.
Love it but wish they had sunshades for the windows! They have a nice patio and most of the staff are friendly.
Love love love !!!  favorite quick breakfast spot !! Staff is so friendly and food is great
Their egg on a soft roll are fantastic!  It's always a pleasure to have breakfast or lunch at the cafe.  The staff are nice and very attentive.
Friendly and nice staff. The first time they talk you through it and show you all the products. I would recommend this place and location.
Went to Valerie today for eye brow wax and tint, she did a great job!!! For many years, went to Valerie at Ulta and then followed her over to Body Spa in St Rose Pkwy in Henderson. Very Professional!
Very friendly & attentive staff. Service with a smile. Helpful in recommending a good drink. Quick service. Delicious food! Opens for lunch at 11:30a. A little overpriced on some dishes. Our server, for the second time now, was Caesar. He is always very friendly, helpful and funny.
Salsa was ok & the fish tacos... horrible.  Tasted like the fish was bad.  There is such a gr8 selection of Mexican  restaurants, try a different  one.
Best mexican in Vegas.  The pork shoulder is insane!  Great atmosphere.  Been going to Vegas for years. Best value in the city!
Great place love the phillies cheese.
I love the grilled chicken it's so gooooooooood I l love it the owners there is awesome owners the cook he get  good experience in cooking everything come out of the kitchen it's so good i'dk know how he do it I loved this place it's so easy to find it.
If the iced coffee was any colder I swear I'd be drinking it sitting on a iceberg! Service with a smile is always appreciated.
STAFF MORE PEOPLE!!!  There's always a 30 minute line here in the morning.  Plus the cashier would not let a penny ride on a $25.01 tab.
Not too hungry? Go for the light dinner - consists just their "salad bar" - which is filled with great stuff!Want meat? Oh do they have meat!It's all very good.
Best steakhouse restaurant in  town, absolutely worths every penny.  I'm very please that I went today to Texas De Brazil, the staff is very efficient and friendly .
The service is great! All you can eat menu is the best! Will definitely be back! Great value for the price. The Spider Roll is the bomb!
Never a bad AYCE visit!! Great fresh variety, it's not all deep fried like other AYCE places. Sit at the bar, the sushi chefs are very entertaining.
Love this place!!! Not really a review person but, this place deserves it. Ron was our server both trips and was very attentive. Once he finds out what you like, he brings out other rolls for you to try, which were amazing. We already have our reservations for Saturday. Try the pain in the ass roll!!!!
Best sushi bar in Vegas with the best sushi and the best staff.Gotta love the workers and the sushi
Everything i had was so yummy.Tried uni for the first time.And oysters. Oh my.Manny made my first time here amazing.Thank you. I will be back.
Great selection.  Ayce is a deal.All the chefs are friendly and the staff is helpful and courteousThe fish is super fresh and tasty and they always have fresh oysters-at least everytime we've come :-)5star love.
Omg this is so great an love the pokie the Service was great the sushi chef were great found a new spot on my side of town
Small place but worth every bite. Great service and friendly staff. Can't wait to visit again
The guys here are always awesome! Dinner and a show every time! They love to bs with all the costumers.
She locks the door earlier than they close, so don't rush there unnecessarily. Not so nice neighborhood so I guess that reflects the attitude if the business.
I always love my eyebrows and they last 5-6 weeks! I also love that I never have to wait when I come in, the ladies are very nice, and get you in & out.
Fries to die for and sliced brisket that melts in your mouth.  Yum.  Friendly service and laid back atmosphere.
90% of the time this place is out of the soup of the day by 12:30 pm. Very frustrating.
Initially, I was going to take my car to another place but the wait was too long. I used yelp to find another place nearby. There is not a lot to say. This place is close to home, fast and cheap.
Great live music and atmosphere. wings were excellent, but portion size was small. I would have liked to see 10 wings as opposed to 8, since the charge was equivalent to the burgers. For dessert we had the apple cobbler which was amazing. I would definitely order that again. The service was excellent. All of the staff were very friendly and quick.
Great customer service. I love it! Vape On.Very personable. Lots of juices to test on there bar.
Okay, if you know me, you already know I'll pretty much do anything for chocolate... This place?  Good grief.  The combinations they have, the absolutely gorgeous presentation, the friendly staff?  I really don't know how it can get better...Have you ever seen something so pretty you literally don't want to eat it?  That's everything on the menu here... The flavors?   Dude.  The flavors.  I had a Rosemary Lemon Caramel bon-bon... It looked like glass... Seriously, it looked like a beautifully stained pane of glass in a window somewhere... It actually glistened and reflected in the light...  It reminded me of a leaf in the middle of a color change...  I loved the vibrant green!  And the taste?  It was a sublime melding of flavors... You could taste the rosemary, but it didn't overpower the lemon, caramel or chocolate...  I could barely believe how scrumptious it was...  They also give you a little treat in addition to whatever you purchase... Tonight it was a piece of milk chocolate bark that tasted like it had a toffee, pistachio and some other nut topping sprinkled on it... Perfection.They're a little pricey at $2.50 a pop, but given the quality?  Consider it a culinary investment... That's why I'm heading back tomorrow to get a Coriander Pop Rocks Praline treat... Yep...  You read that right...  Coriander Pop Rocks Praline.  I cannot wait!
Ritz-Carlton cake was amazing!!! Chocolate orangeChocolate mousse was not the best.Bit pricey
Five-stars for five reasons:1. Service is amazing. Someone is always at the front door to greet you, lead you in, and ask if you need any of their recommendations. When it's your first time here, it really helps eliminate confusion and makes you feel less rushed to pick all of the great choices they have on their menu. You go down a line of people, each at their food stations and ready to prepare your meal! They've got quite a system lined up, and it totally works. You'll see what I mean. With that said...2. Salads, sandwiches, and soups galore! I get the Try 2 Combo for $7.99 any time I go. It's gives you so much freedom of choice and is a dirt cheap deal for what you are getting. You can get soup and salad, or salad and a sandwich... You get it. The big plus? IT IS ALL HEALTHY. You also receive a slice of French bread and a chocolate-covered strawberry with the meal to top it all off.***My recommendation is the Mango Berry Salad and the Pesto Chicken Panini. I am obsessed with both.3. There is tons of seating. Booths line the windows and there are tables spaced out on the open floor. There is even a "charge" bar for your phones and laptops with little mini touch screens in front of you to play with. They have free wifi, although I haven't gone there for business- always for pleasure in the yummy food! Then again, I find it great  that customers are provided that option.4. This is definitely a place for socialization for me, and is also family-oriented. I mentioned booths lining the windows because at each corner there are these huge booths that could probably seat 6-8 people at least! I like that fact for some odd reason. Maybe it's because any time I've been here, I am either catching up with friends, planning events to do later in the week, or sitting down with my other half and discussing how my day was. That's the kind of eating environment Zupas gives me- one where I can really sit down and ENJOY my meal.5. I have never been disappointed, and sometimes that is hard to come by. I leave happy and full and.. plain old satisfied. ALSO, hard to come by. I am so glad its locations is so close to home for me. It has some competition for sure, considering the high volume of other restaurants located along Eastern Ave. But once you try it, you may think a little differently in that sense, and become a regular like me! P.S. Don't panic when you find there are no trash cans to discard your waste or areas to place your bowls, plates and utensils! I think they do this on purpose. It's their way of saying.. "Don't worry about it, I've got it and I'll take care of it. Have a nice day!" :)
This place is wonderful...can't wait to bring my mom here. It has great healthy choices and wonderful desserts if your not being so good
Really good soup sandwiches and great kids combo options.  Definitely coming back. The turkey and spinach sandwich was really fresh and good. I love that the chicken fingers in the kids combo are baked not fried.
Delicious healthy selections, friendly staff and great environment. I love the beverage selection as well as the chocolate dipped strawberries! Yummy!!
La bouffe d'ici est plus en plus po bonne!peut etre a cause le propriete a change...et le service est comme si comme ca...les serveurs qui parlent meme po en francais..la toillet est po propre non plus....
Food Quality has declined. Not gonna order from them anymore. I ordered  some food and was burned-See pic This not what it used to be. I know I'm not the only person who notice. The people who take the orders did not care about a complaint regarding the quality of food or how to make a particular dish properly. They insisted that what they were serving was correct and I know better! It's Sad no one cares over there. I will not go back.
Love the tacos and the salsa  they only serve one taco after ten though but it's still amazing
Not the authentic Chinese food. Most of food are sweet. The waiting time is long, I am disappointed about this restaurant!
Favorite record shop in Vegas! Friendly owner and a well curated selection. Vinyl is almost all older material which is great. Organized by genre which makes hunting easier.
Really appreciate the help. They spent the time with me to figure out the best solutions for my needs.  Thanks so much.
Great customer service and friendly staff! Delicious healthy options as well!! This will definitely be q good to restaurant for me as a quick healthy bite to eat.
Friendly staff. Reasonable prices. Great services. So glad I finally found a nail salon where they listen to what I want!
Good, Consistent and Fast. They can spice it up too! The Green Curry is fantastic. The only issue I see is a delivery charge. Our average order is $40-50 and they still charge s delivery fee. That is why they only get 4 stars.
Great home style food, atmosphere, staff, and delivers. Moderate price menu. The beef noodle soup is a must try.
The food is good and always consistent. The staff is always friendly as well. There pad Thai is good and so is their curry. I have not had much else there but will definitely go back.
Love this place! The cream puffs and cappuccino's are fantastic  true European flare. A must try.
Not a coffee drinker but everything else here is excellent.   Cream puff, bread, excellent.
This place awesome open 24 hours bomb Mexican food. We were staying locally and wished we found it sooner.
On time and good advice. Doug did not try to sell me anything I did not need. No charge today... Thanks for coming out on a Saturday!
He did a great job wonderful and fast. We had a horrible issue and couldn't find any one to come out that fast. I would refer to anyone
Great fast service, called late at night and they were there the next morning, would definitely use them again
Wunderschön for students! This is an ideal place for finger lickin burgers and good beer.
Typical Premium outlet. They looked just like the ones in Houston.They have misters and a SMALL covered parking area.
Excellent service. Replaced brakes. Good price, quick service. No nonsensee repair services. All issues well explained and presented. Highly satisfied.
The wet burrito is always winning. Customer service tends to be a hit or miss. The food is fresh and packed with carne asada.
Slot machines are cool but don't win the big bucks...check in was quick as well as security...not too much stuff open at 918pm
Slot machines are cool but don't win the big bucks. Also got to the airport at 900pm and none of the places to eat were open, which sucked!!  You have to take a tram to get to the departure gates. The airport is huge and has stores like the mall.
Very rude TSA officers - sorry you are having to do the job you chose to do.  Yelling at a small child in front of me who obviously did not understand much English.
Great environment, organic products and a funny, lively and competent staff. Alicia is a talent and listens to my every request and makes it a reality.
Great fresh bloody mary's!  Food was very good, and the atmosphere has a a lot of energy.
Super chill with warm, friendly staff.  I had a great discussion about the difference between a macaron and macaroon with the bartendress, who apparently had just competed in a local bartending competition.  Great aesthetic with an indoor and outdoor seating area.  You can sidle up to the bar from outside as well.  A nice selection of beers and wines with a full bar, plus espresso.  I had a sandwich that was quite good.  It was a Rachel (Reuben with turkey instead of pastrami or corned beef).  The bread was super thick, so it was a mouthful and a half.  I was more than satisfied with the portion.  I also had a cookie because you got a free one with a Yelp checkin, not the macaron.  It was delicious.  I would go back here on a nice day fo'sho.
Amazing. I can't believe how great it is to have a place like this in Phoenix. I love how they source as many vegetables as they can from the local farmers in the area. I love how friendly and knowledgable the staff is. I also love the diversity in this place! Today I met a very talented artist who is married to an incredible architect and they were just sitting right next to me. You never know who you'll meet there! Love this place, seriously! The food, the drinks and the service is amazing! Long Live PPM!
Great food. Everything is made fresh from scratch. Love the atmosphere and service. The green Chile cheeseburger is amazing.
This place is a awesome place to come grab something to eat and chat. The food is so good and also the atmosphere it nice I highly recommend this place.
Dope atmosphere, great music (The Shins, Bombay Bicycle Club, etc). Happy hour is great, you can get a small pitcher (about 2.5 beers) for $5. That pitcher selection is limited but most other drinks are reasonably priced. Especially their adult coffee mix drinks.
Food here, while vegetarian, will leave most omnivores or carnivores satisfied.The vegetarian burger is very flavorful and the accompanying chickpea flour fries are definitely interesting and delicious!Their poutine is also good and you have the choice between cheese or a vegan alternative. Finally, the ambience is really nice and I suggest you try their showcase beer! It changes (each few weeks or each month?)!
Dont try the buffalo chix strips, they tasted horrible and over cooked, the buffalo sauce tasted like vinegar straight out of the bottle. i paid over $10 for the "meal"
I had the delighted opportunity to try this place out for the first time about a month ago for lunch. The hip Chicago style scenery was amusing. I was immediately greeted and seated the moment I walked through the door. Surprisingly the restaurant was not packed with a lunch crowd but it gave me an opportunity to really meet and talk with the owner. He brought a taste of Chicago to the valley. Music playing while dining along with some mighty tasty wings with fries is what I had to enjoy. I have to say I was impressed with the presentation when my food came out. Plus my food was finger licking good. I will be back not just to eat but I have heard that this place has Jazz. Something different to do along with Happy Hour from 4pm/7pm Thursday and Friday with live music.
Awesome job!!! Thank you, Sonny! Elaine's always goes a great job and they are very accommodating . Sonny did my mani and pedi and was very good at gel and the pedi looks great too!
One of the best in town! use them each time
Another fantastic late night gel mani by Sonny. He is precise, professional and funny.
I've been going to Elaines Nails for over a year. Always satisfied, no complaints. I'm very picky, and tend to make last minute appointments. Love this place.
Favorite Nails place ever!(: Everybody there is so Nice and Friendly. Definitely not changing nail salon anytime soon!
Very clean dog park with friendly people. Wish it had more grass and less gravel. We will for sure be back.
After a long trip, this is place for a good foot and body massage. Will be back again next time. Staff were very hospitable. Great body and foot massage according to my wife.
Best prices in town!  Very helpful and Super Friendly!!!I called every mattress store in Surprise, but this was the first one on my list. The gentleman said, if you find it cheaper I will beat it by 5%. So I let my fingers do the walking and called the other stores. There was nothing to beat. They quoted the best prices. I would recommend this place to anyone needing anything that has to do with beds!
Fricken awesome.  I love their spring rolls and their chicken phone is the best.  The people are warm and friendly and the food is made fresh
It's hot in those hallways. The fans kinda help... But.. Dang sure makes it a struggle getting in and out of your place.
Very clean, very nice staff. Healthy breakfast burrito is great.One of the cleanest restaurants around.
the dynamic duo  andy & travisExcellent service! We have referred them to other people
This place is awesome! I suggest the Ballantyne sushi roll. But everything is great, and the place is clean and a bit small but it doesn't get too crowded to feel comfortable.
After trying their sushi... I have to give them 5 stars!  The best Thai food and sushi in town!
Great food!!  Awesome staff!  Super fun environment!!!!  Nikki rocks!!!  My husband and I love the burritos!!!  So good!  The gaming bar is always lively and fun.  It is a great place to hang with friends, have some beers, and watch some football.  Their outdoor patio is gonna be a nice spot to relax in the fall and spring months, when the weather is nice.  I would recommend Wahoo's Tacos highly.  Food is delicious, staff is laid back and friendly, restaurant is clean and comfortable.  Love this place!
This is my 3rd time here in 2 weeks time. The food is so yummy! Best fried shrooms I have ever had anywhere. The food is 5 star. I give 4 stars because nothing on the cocktail list catches my fancy and I am not a beer drinker. If I was a beer drinker then I probably would give them 5 stars.I've had the Greek salad- Very flavorful with awesome lamb meat ballsFried mushrooms with scallion sauce- So addictive it was embarrassing how fast I ate them.1842 Hamburger- I am officially voting this as the best burger on the strip.Duck Spring rolls- Wrap them in the lettuce for extra flavor. They are so good!Kale Caesar- Surprisingly goodI will be a regular.
Be adventurous and get the pbj burger - best thing ever - same with the duck egg rolls. Everything. Was. Amazing.The service here is also impeccable. The manager who greeted us was friendly and made sure we enjoyed our time at the restaurant. We had two servers during the meal who were always friendly, always refilled my water and (since I'm weird and ask for a million lemons) happily brought me a plate full and refilled it when they realized they were gone. The food is also insanely good. Like I said the PBJ burger sounds so strange but hits my top 3 list of burgers. Food was cooked perfectly and brought out hot and well cooked. If I am ever back in Vegas I will definitely be returning.
My tip, try the Adult Milkshake. 16oz glass of ice cream with 1.3 to 2oz of vodka. Plus the food portions are large so don't bother ordering appetizers unless you can really pack it in.
Amazing happy hour drinks and food.  The Korean ribs on happy hour menu is awesome.  Pretty much everything is excellent.  Brisket and nachos are very tasty.  Didn't care for drumsticks
Had Teresa as our server. Worst service EVER!!! Not friendly at ALL! Food was over priced and felt like I could of have gone anywhere else to get a better burger with a whole heck of a lot of better service!
This is a comfy place with nice snacks on the menu.  Friendly staff.  Very helpful with recommendations and requests not even related to what they sell.  I made it through a couple of tough mornings thanks to the staff and the coffee PRESS!  The Cro-Nuts (?) are deliciously fried croissant donuts, but only available on the weekends.  Regular croissants were very fresh, flaky and light.  I was told the space turns into a taco bar at night, but never saw that happen,  All above is about the coffee stand.The bar is a very upscale, relaxing space.  Out door seating, bar seating and casual seating was a great way to get different perspectives during the various times I was there.  Bartenders were polite and extremely helpful.  Pretzel bites with cheese sauce were the perfect snack.A great space with great people... oh that's right, it's at the Four Seasons!  Enjoy!
Sit inside. We say on the patio. At 5'5" tall my feet barely reached the footrest on my barstool. My feet dangled so my legs fell asleep.  Our waitress could use more training. She didn't get the details of our order correct (salad dressing on the side, etc.). Side salad served with my meal.  The food was good (Alabama chicken and buffalo chicken sandwich).The meal took a long time. Maybe not a big deal but we were on an hour and a half schedule and it was tight. Unexpected for a bar and grill.
Best bar in scottsdale if you want a 2-1 ratio of girls. I love this place.I found this place 2 weeks ago and have been here 5x.  Amazing everyone
Poor service and flat beer. There are so many better places in town. When we reported our complaints to the manager, she was just as rude as our waitress. We couldn't wait to get out of there.
Pretty good selection and good prices. Decent size stores but I wish they had a few more sales, more often.
Food is great! BUT... customer service is about the worst I have ever seen. I immediately thought of a skit on The Chappelle Show called "Pop Copy" (YouTube it!). It was like they were frustrated that I interrupted whatever what ever they had going on to give them some business. What is unfortunate is I punish myself by going back again and again because their chicken is so good. There is never a greeting, a thank you, a please come again or anything positive. Even when I pull up to the drive through window I receive a look of disgust, like "why are you bothering me". Chicken Kings food will only take them so far, at some point I am not going to find their negative attitude humorous.
Food is great! BUT... customer service is about the worst I have ever seen. I immediately thought of a skit on The Chappelle Show called "Pop Copy" (YouTube it!). It was like they were frustrated that I interrupted whatever what ever they had going on to give them some business. What is unfortunate is I punish myself by going back again and again because their chicken is so good. There is never a greeting, a thank you, a please come again or anything positive. Even when I pull up to the drive through window I receive a look of disgust, like "why are you bothering me". Chicken Kings food will only take them so far, at some point I am not going to find their negative attitude humorous.
What can I say, 2nd Saturday in a row. This buffet has great comfort food! They give you slabs of prime rib on Saturdays!
I love CTNais! They are amazing! Great product and service! Kim and ken are awesome!!
AC is working great the beer is cold. Need I say more? They have a great selection of brewery's.  This was my second year here and it has gotten better.  Tasted beer from brewery's I have been looking for and found it was worth the price of admission.
They were closing up but invited us in anyway. Everything was put away and they still said they will take our order. We're getting it to go so. I'll have to comment on how good or not so good later ;-)After I read the reviews about how salty the fries were, I asked the guy behind the counter if he already prepared them.  He had, so I mentioned to him I was going to ask him to go light on the fries.  He said he would pick out the the light ones LOLWe brought our food home and it was pipping hot!  I have to say this was the best Philly Steak Sandwich I've tasted since I was in Philadelphia many many many years ago 1980's!!! I bought 2 combo's, #2 on the menu.  Sandwich, fries and a soda.  My son upgraded his sandwich to a foot long. The price came to $24.00 and some change.  The sandwich was awesome!!! Fries are over seasoned so if you can ask for NO season, or lightly seasoned!
This is my favorite place to go during my lunch break. I strongly recommend this place to anyone who hasn't tried it yet.
Best ever. Great food Great customer service and clean. That's all I can say!!! If you haven't tried it it's a must try.
Great philly wrap and fresh chicken wings! Nice people.  Place was clean and inviting
I must say, the foods was really good. I order Beef Pad See Ew Spicy 5. It was just perfect. The beef wasn't chewy like some Thai Foods Places. It was nice and easy to eat. My Girlfriend had Yellow Chicken Curry Spicy 3 and Thai Tea. The Curry was perfect too! It wasn't too spicy, and the chicken wasn't dry. The Thai Tea wasn't bad either. Maybe it's because I only took a sip of her drink before we left to watch Fast 6. The Service Was Good, but the place was pretty big and open. I Like their tables. Good Size And No Worries About Your Place Being In Your Way. Nice Elbow Room. [:I Will Go Back Again.
Love the iced black horchata and its under 50 calories!  This is definitely my go to coffee.
Excellent food and great service. A little over priced but still worth it. I had the steak bowl which they charge an extra dollar for steak which is a little weird but it was worth it. Perfect amount of food for a lunch meal and didn't leave me too full so I could go back to work after and still be productive. Staff came around several times during meal to check in on me.
Hot girls and hot wings are the two best things about gringo star.  The Mediterranean plate is probably my favorite plate on the menu. Add grilled chicken and you got a meal of champions. Low in calories, high in vitamins and proteins!
One of my faves on mill. Super cool atmosphere. Great staff. Awesome djs. Stephen & Hartley are great managers and always make sure everyone is taken care of and having a blast. Most fun spot during ASU football games. Probably more fun than being at the games themselves.
They have iPhone 6S in stock!!With a extremely friendly staff Isreal the manger is great!!
Loved it!! Already made my appointment to come back. Everyone was very friendly. The amenities were great. They provide an environment of pure relaxation. Best place for a massage.
Yelp deal saved me $100.Thank you yelp. It was easy to purchase online certificates redeemable after point of sale.
Ken and Joey were excellent best place to go for quick oil change. Great customer service also.
Mark at Goodyear gave me a good deal on brakes, fast same day service! Will come back for other services in the future
We visit today and Andy helped me show much with the brakes they were great I always go to good year for my vehicle  I trust them very much
Great service great price. Out did every other tire place I checked. Not only could they price beat but they took me right away and made it happen.
Mark hooked me up, fast and quick service. Highly recommended.Thanks for the speedy service. Erwin the tech was fast. Andy check me out so quick.
Awesome!!! So fast and easy! Will definitely return! Mark is great! Friendly staff! Must come here!
First time coming here since my move and I'm glad I found a good place for oil change. Really great service & was done timely!! Great deals!! Thanks Mark!
Awesome service Friendly Reliable Knowledgeable Guys!! Fast friendly service. Took our truck in and it was repaired quickly!
Best place for oil change or anything else you need! Thank you guys so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great place for family fun!  We celebrated my twins birthday part here.  The staff were good for as young as they were.  I focused on playing, celebrating and smile-making and the outcome was fabulous!
Nice friendly place, but the pizza is different than any pizza I've ever had. Who would try to reinvent the wheel with pizza?
Will not refer any people their way. I trusted them to look at it when I had no options and they tried to tell me extra things needed to be fixed. Basically said the reason for one problem was a bigger problem, which was impossible. Either he didn't know anything about cars, or wasn't telling the truth. Really don't appreciate the dishonesty and makes me wonder what they tell other people.
0 stars! Show turned off 5 min in! Worst Vegas show experience ever! So disappointed. May never book another Vegas show again. Thanks for nothing Mandalay Bay
The show delivered. Good performances, good music, what's not to like. It was a last minute plan, so we ended up with not too good seats.. There were ushers handing out cushions for the shorter members in our group, kudos to them!
Speechless. Just watch it!I always loved MJs music and this show was one of the best shows in vegas! I had to convince my husband to go with me... and he ended up liking it more than i did. Awesome performers and great music!
Was so fun to watch. Amazing choreography. It's also a great show for kids, my little brother had a lot of fun dancing along in his seat lol.
Beautiful and respectful.  You will not be disappointed. Worth every penny. A must see for the MJ fan.
Good friendly service, they have fresh squeeze sugar cane here !Good seating area, plenty of seats
Different   Unique. Very interesting. Will return. Good food. Nice and clean. Easy in and out. Very friendly. Very helpfully.
Really nice for such a casual place.  Nice folks too.  Food was quite good.  Not Good Fellas fantastic but then again it isn't 20 miles away either.
Smooth immunity shake tastes just like an Orange Julius.  I have been craving Skinnyfats ever since my first visit.  The food portions are huge and the shakes come in a to-go cup!  An awesome plus is the naturally flavored water (berry and lime etc) that is free on the counter.
Awesome food & super friendly staff! Ordered the Phatty Philly & it was delicious. The truffle fries were amazing. It does get busy & seating is limited but overall a great experience.
Its a first come first serve restaurant where you order at the cashier and they bring your order to the table. Its kind of hard to find but i guess its useful so it doesnt get that much of rush. (Its a pretty small place). The place itself looks really unique.  The Shroomin' in Philly is to die for.
Don't come Durring lunch it is too packed.. However food is good and definatley a cool place to check out.
Great Food! Great Service! I will definitely be coming here more often! I had the Cranburkey and fruit, Great! I stayed on the Healthy Side.
Great food at a decent price. Check it out.  Look up the secret menu before you go.
Seating sucks. Come when it's dead.Trust me on this. I came here with my gf around noon and it was packed enough that we had to stand around waiting for a table to open up, and they have very few tables. The menu is divided up by "Healthy" and "Happy", the former is which is ostensibly good for you while the latter is undeniably not. We shuffled around the board a bit with our orders. I got Mr. Flapjack (I think that's what it was called); basically two protein pancakes (they add in whey protein powder) with bananas and syrup, along with turkey bacon. My chick went with the popular cranburkey sandwich. And we also got an order of specialty fries, that turned out to be a mistake. The flapjacks were quite good, as far as flapjacks are concerned. It's not exactly the pinnacle of breakfast items. I am of the opinion that bananas make (nearly) everything better, so their inclusion here was enough to make me happy. I'm also a guy who tries to get a good amount of protein in with each meal, so having 18g (is that each? not sure) added into these pancakes satisfied my needs. Turkey bacon sucks. It always sucks. No matter how good someone tries to make it sound, it's never as good as real bacon. But if you want to eat something healthier, it's there. Personally, I would've liked some applewood smoked bacon thick as Jessica Simpson's thighs.The fries. We ordered these special fries - which I can't seem to find on their online menu, and the name escapes me - but they were a mad doctor's concoction of sweet potato fries, balsamic vinegar, feta (might've been goat) cheese, and chicken. And I think some nuts might have been involved. It's one of those dishes someone thinks up while they're high, and you'd probably have to be in a similar mindset to eat them. Did. Not. Work.
Delicious, gorgeous, and oh so satisfying. We had a quick lunch here when in Vegas this summer and ordered The Classic (medium rare and juicy), a side of truffle fries (comes with The Classic), and the Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis (fried chicken breast strips over buttermilk waffles and syrup). Truffle Fries: The fries are regular shoe-string style and fresh, with lightly sprinkled truffle and cheese. It was slightly under seasoned, but the truffle scent and taste really shined. Delicious by its own merit or with a quick visit to the ketchup pond.The Classic burger: The fresh bun is dwarfed by the amount of veggies, thick tomato slices, and enormous juicy patty; if you're a messy eater, grab a few napkins before you start. It was a perfect combination of healthy veggies and the gluttony of burger meat...Chick-a-waff-a-dopolis: A few reviews mentioned that this was a "secret" menu item, but I saw it on the menu like anything else. Thick cuts of delicious chicken breast dipped and fried in an amazing batter. The chicken was well seasoned and had a kick of flavor. The waffles and syrup was great, but nothing out of the ordinary.Overall, SkinnyFATS is a great escape from the binge eating habits most tourists experience on the Strip. It doesn't aim to be more than it is -- the perfect place for lunch.PROTIP: They have on site wifi and USB charging!
Great food and awesome staff. I highly recommend skinny fats if you are looking for a quick, healthy meal. I Love this place and would like to see more around town.
Awesome! Can't wait to go again! Great service food and atmosphere! Healthy side of menu is well thought out, they mix meats & fruits and have great sauces, very clever actually. Happy side of the menu is all the wacky things you thought of when you were drunk but never got to make because you passed out.
Awesome service, and delicious food. *If you request the gluten-free menu, be sure to double check the ingredients with the staff- some of the sauces (the teriyaki,  specifically) was not gf. Beware!
Really interesting menu.  Inexpensive for the quality. Friendly and yummy.  Great sides menu.  Need GPS to find.
First time here and super happy and impressed. Thanks for the great experience!Cherry popper was filling and super tasty.  The egg brings it together really well.Chickawaffadopolis was delish. The chicken was perfect,  moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Waffle also cooked amazing.  I'll be back.
Great food. Hidden gem in an industrial area. Kind of pricey but worth it. I ordered the filet of fire with truffle fries. Steak cooked rare with great flavors and fried jalapeño rings. Awesome sandwich!
Love love. You just have to goTried the one on warm springs last night and its not as good as Dean Martin location but it coukd have been a fluke?
Amazing. Love the idea of a healthy side and a happy side. Food on the healthy side is just as good as the happy side.
Everything on the menu is tasty. Portions are nice and so is the staff! I've been here for brunch and near closing time. The didn't rush me out. Food was just as good as if I were here at the top of the morning. The only thing that would make this place better would be having a few lights out front... Ok never mind, there are lights out front but maybe a neon sign that reads Skinnyfats! I'm like holding up traffic on Dean Martin looking for a damn smiley face on side of the building.
I love this place!! The service is great and food is amazing!:) I been coming here for a long time and the one time  they didn't get my order correct, they fixed it quickly with no issue. Plus I got a free side. Wonderful service!
Great place for food. A lot of different variety! Just lately for me it hasn't been the same as I keep on going there time after time. As if it's becoming an old thing for me.
Great shakes Jessica is awesome!Looking for a healthy shake meal replacement this is the place
Third time here, and everything was great each time. Wonderful neighborhood pub! They have a great selection of beer and the burgers are wonderful.
12 taps; great apps; great selection of bourbon. Going to eat there again today. The pork loaded french fries are great. I also tried a special fish taco dish that was really good as well. It's not that crowded on Saturdays when we have gone for lunch and the staff is very friendly.
Great fresh healthy food! Multiple types of fish on top of salads, in tacos, or on a tasty plate.
Amazing! Love prices, service and  food. New spot for sure ... Won't be a hidden gem for long. Ordering Manhattan Chowder ...
So I went there at 8pm today and it was closed. Not a very good 1st impression.   I called before I came and there was no indication that restaurant was closed
Nice place,  friendly service, very clean.  Food was good I enjoyed it.   The sauces given were real good.  Reasonably priced
First time.  Great food.  Was impressed. Had pho, papaya salad, Thai tea. Spring rolls were meh
Awesome artists, clean and great vibe in the place. What more could you want?Took me as a walk-in, and was done same day.  Cam was my artist, made sure to grab a card so I could go back because I am shitty with names.
The staff is so friendly and I would not go any other place to get my nails done. I get so many compliments about my nails and always get asked where I go.  I will always refer my friends, family and all the people that ask here.
Awesome service as always. Will come back!! Everyone at the salon is great and friwndly
I love this place. Tammy and Peter are AMAZING.great customer service  always fast and friendly.
They did a great job.  I have had gel manicures before, but they only lSt a week on me.   I have worked all week in and out of gloves for my work as a dental hygienist.   Then this weekend I did outdoor projects, cleaning and painting and my manicure is still perfect!   My daughter also got a regular manicure and hers is still perfect!    Thanks nailand!
Chip, Nick, and Eric make this bar happen. Best kick back spot in the Southwest. The place keeps going way into the wee hours with a friendly  crowd  the whole night. This is not just a gaming bar kick back be sociable.
Great place for fish tacos.  I ordered the fish tacos and was surprised how filling it was. The wait was average being it was Tuesday afternoon, but would recommend to everyone
Outstanding!Great food! Great service!The grilled fish and grilled shrimp tacos were amazing! As were the the breakfast chorizo tacos!Customize it however you want. (Think Subway style) Fresh lime. Spicy jalapeños. Shredded cilantro. Great pico de gallo. Ghost pepper sauce that I'm going to have to buy some to take home.Best food I've had while in Vegas and the fact that it is served so fast is a bonus.
Rita's is such a happy environment and the workers are all so sweet. We love the ice and custard and always come back for the cotton candy ice or even the cookies and cream ice. Its worth the visit and I recommend this place! I always enjoy a Chocolate Peanut butter milkshake from here so nice on a hot day:) You wont be disappointed here.
Wonderful and so incredibly relaxing. Products are amazing!! Prices can't be beat!  You will leave feeling relaxed. The pods are simply amazing.
Pawn Daddy? More like pawn scum. Sky high prices. Just go on eBay it's cheaper. I frequent pawn shops and this place had some of the highest prices I've ever seen and I live in Scottsdale. Nothing special here folks.
4 solid stars. Not the most likely spot for a great pizza place as Stonecrest tends to be ruled by chains and easygoing eateries. Happy to say that TRUE is truly....pretty damn good. The interior is a little tightly packed, but gorgeous. Killer bar, plenty of booths, tables, and a great patio. We came in for an early-ish dinner to check it out. It's a walk-up situation. Walk in, go to the counter with a nicely sized menu above, order, and grab a seat with number in hand. There are a few options when it comes to pizza -- traditional style, grilled pizzas, and oven-baked. We checked out the traditional cheese and the grilled pesto pizza. A few notes: the grilled pesto pizza was awesome. Good amount of char on the bottom, killer grilled flavor, tasty veggies, pungent pesto, a dusting of parm, and not-so symmetrical shape. I think we both could have gone for a well-done crust, but it was still awesome. The cheese pizza was good, but also was lacking just a bit in the doneness of the crust. Though, we are both fans of blackened crust(s) on pizza. We also checked out the mozz wedges as an app. Where they didn't blow me away, the cheese was perfectly gooey and flavorful. I was curious if they were making it in-house. Another huge plus, they have a nicely organized grouping of local brews -- OMB, Birdsong, Triple C, and NoDa. Went with a few pints of Jalapeno pale and CoCo LoCo. Pricepoint is rather fair. Can't argue too much with two pizzas, an app, and two beers for $30. I'm looking forward to heading back really soon. Another plus: The men's restroom smells like cookies and, for that, I am thankful.
First time here and we will be back! Incredible customer service and AWESOME food.We had heard from many friends about their pizza. All was true. I do believe we have found the best pizza in Charlotte! I am a strong believer in good customer service and our experience was above and beyond. Keep it please. It is what sets you apart. Other restaurants should take notice.
Be patient.  Massive store with muppets working the register.3rd week stopping in, 3rd week dealing with incompetence on the registers.This is a huge store and you could stock up on every grocery and household good you could imagine.  You could also eat in their restaurant, at their hotbar, salad bar, deli, etc.  They have decent prices on a few things and on Wednesday you save 15% in their "health market".  The health market is the tiny section, all the way to the right.  I'll come back because they have a few things I can't get at some other stores but it won't be my go to store, mostly because I have yet to have an easy, positive experience checking out?  Dumb luck or is it a pattern?
24 hour used tire shop ok for emergency only have one tire changing station so its packed. I just remember back in the day when this place used to be a burrito joint. Lol so  you may be able to get a used tire for about 30 dollars. Nice that it's located right off I10 freeway.
My rating is because I cannot give Zero.Never never use this company, they are everything you hear about Bad Moving Companies. My experience is this is the best example of bait and switch in moving. Should you choose them, get everything in writing prior to them starting work, Trust nothing they say, watch the workers, supervisor slowed down the crew all day and so much more.
Free coffee while you wait! Food looked and tasted fantastic!
Quinoa hot cereal and eggs Benedict were to die for! Our waitress was so accommodating as she allowed me to combine my eggs benedict with two different kinds as I could not decide between the Bella Bella and the Benny Goodman. So they gave me one of each so that was great! Great coffee, great patio seating, and just great food!
Amazing service. Great food.  Fun atmosphere and music. Worth the wait. The waitress lost our ticket order. Waiting waiting. Then manager came out to apologize and  to retake our order and comped our meal.  Made it even nicer when it's comped. Super tasty.
Best breakfast I have ever had!  Worth any wait!  We had the pancake of the day, eggs Benedict and the chorizo hash.  Everything was seasoned perfectly.
Very good quality food and very delicious. Very friendly service, will come again. I like that they take your cell phone number down instead of a pager. This gives me a chance to walk around while I wait.
Best breakfast I have ever had!  Worth any wait!  We had the pancake of the day, eggs Benedict and the chorizo hash.  Everything was seasoned perfectly.  And they had a ping-pong table outside.  Loved the atmosphere.
Great, and our server, Phil was a real pro!Fabulous food, great environment, one of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had!Can't hardly wait to go back.
Great chicken salad sandwich! I really liked this place. It's a good stop for a quick lunch or a coffee. The people there were nice and friendly, and they seemed to keep it clean. I'll be back.
Handmade natural sodas are a crowd pleaser.  The portion of the salad was very small.  The sandwich we had was a good size.  They had a nice outdoor seating area which was great for people watching.
Awesome atmosphere,  great food, fun place to go. I love it here. Must go when visiting Las Vegas. Kid friendly also. One of the best i've visited so far
This is really good stuff. Italian ice was a great treat for kids and I. I have driven past this place many times and have never noticed it. The staff where really friendly I will definitely return to try the other flavors.
Great place for breakfast! the decor is very cool and love that you can eat inside or out.
Friendly local spot with good food every night of the week.  They did a great job with the inside.
best burgers in north america! I have trepidation giving review because more people will come, however happy hour's apps are fabulous like cheeseburger sliders, corn fritters are unique tasty and if you're a soup lover they have amazing vegy soup. It's our go- to diner. The owner has same name as my wife.
Cross between shaved ice and ice cream. Really really good!!! This is something I've never heard of or seen before so I'm really excited that I LOVE it. I love discovering new things I like to eat. Ordering is a 4 step process: 1. Pick a size (Ninja 20oz or Sumo 32 oz)2. Select a Snow Cream ( Mango, Kuma Snow, Strawberry, Taro or Green Tea)3. Choose up to 3 toppings (various fruits and candies)4. Choose 1 sauce (chocolate, carmel, strawberry, mango or condensed milk)I wish them luck. This is a really unique thing and I can see it growing into a chain one day.
This is my absolute favorite place in Vegas. Even as my first meal of the day, it makes me sooo happy with eat bite. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone. If you go to ONE place in Vegas, it better be here. Creativity to the max with this unique and delicious concept. PS. When you come in, ask what flavors AREN'T on the menu. They are temporary, and can be the best or the craziest. Haha they also offer Vegan options now!
Open until midnight, great cool down treat in the Las Vegas merciless heat. Their flavored shaved ice has great combinations and my favorite was the Bruce Tea. The little fixins they put are so unique and fun!
Wow they have Taro(UBE)here!!!  Uh oh found my new joint for snow cream cravings!!! The odd combinations of toppings on the set menu are awesome. And they got my favorite Ice Cream ever in Taro!!!
My kids love this place.  Perfect for the summer heat in Vegas! I can't say enough good things about this place.  It's delicious.  I miss snow cream from home (L.A.) this hits the spot for me.  My girls love the options you can pick from to get creative!
This place is awesome and the staff is amazing ! I would recommend to anyone wanting to look and feel better ! I have been to several other places in the valley and this is top notch !
Excellents sushis et service impeccable! Les sushis sont servis avec des fleurs décoratives. Toujours satisfait à chaque visite.
Delicious food and fantastic service!! The food was everything Pho should be and the servers were beyond excellent. They were fast, courteous, and even took custom food orders. When my friend added too much cream to her iced coffee, they brought her a replacement at no charge. The chicken wings were also so tangy and delicious!!We will visit again!
Canh chua ca and ca' kho to...so good. ..love this place...bun man is good too...bun cha ha noi....yummy. ..yummy
Love going there. Frendly staff. Good prices. I could spend my day there. Iv bin ther a few times and every time I feel welcome. This is the store I would recommend to anyone for the west side of Montreal.
Food was so good & service was friendly and great. The pork taco was super delicious. Nice tequila selection as well!!
Service was amazing. Will definitely return! Nachos are amazing, definitely recommend the supreme tostada nachos. They are delicious!
Burger nachos and buffalo nachos!! Yum! Mango Thai basil margarita is my favorite and everyone should go there and try one! The pork burritos are delicious! The also have a vegan menu for all the vegans out there with some really yummy healthy selections! Breakfast is so yummy too! I'd recommend if you are cousin downtown Las Vegas to check out nacho daddy! The owners are amazing people as well will make sure your experience is 100%!!!
Great food. Vegan menu fajita tofu salad is one of the best salads I've ever had.  They play some cool music videos, just hate when the hip hop crap comes on.
Fantastic margaritas. Great service; Courtney is the bomb. Apparently I have to write more.  I like going to Vegas. They have tequila on tap, that's just amazing. They're just around the corner from Fremont street and well worth it..
AWESOME nachos and all other tex-mex food. Good service and friendly staff!! Had the texmex burrito and it was delicious!! I highly recommend this restaurant!!Ric and the gang were terrific an he also has some AWESOME tattoos!! Check it out while visiting Vegas!!
Rick was an awesome server and Justin rocks!   Best service and nachos ever.  The filet mignon nachos were piled up high,  wings were good too.   Highly recommend this for all your nacho needs.
Love the Nachos and the food here both the Fremont and Sahara locations are amazing. Try the filet mignon nachos or Thai nachos
Excellent work on my lips! Flying in every time to get touched up! He decided to use a different filler than juvederm so they were softer more natural looking. The staff is also for accommodating and nice.
Definitely one of the best places to rent books from for CSN (Charleston Campus). I would absolutely refer this place to my friends if they needed better prices for books.
Mike was crazy helpful! Easiest rental experience ever!!! So much better than enterprise! Thanks for getting us back on the road quickly!!After a horrible experience trying to get a rental car from enterprise I called my bank which recommended this Hertz.  They were the most helpful car rental experience I have ever had! Not only did they give us a great car, but they picked us up in a super timely fashion.  We ended up needing the car for a few extra days and they were super accommodating.  When I dropped off the car they even offered to drive me home and drop me off! This experience has single handedly made Hertz my new car rental to go...overall fantstic customer serivce.  If you're staying IVO Nellis AFB I would recommed this car rental location to everyone!
We came here twice it was so good. And if in town we'll be sure to come back!!!Eggs are cooked to order. Coffee is delish and hot and plentiful. The staff is friendly, caring and curteous....even when busy!You will not be disappointed!!!
Great food, always a good place. Quick service very clean spot! I stop about once a month I can always expect good quick service and good food!
wow - don't miss the Spinach Pie and Greek Salad for lunch - it was great! the service felt a little slower than I expected, but it was worth it.one thing to be aware of, my grandson ordered peanut butter and jelly, and it was toasted - which I thought was odd. just be aware and if you don't want it toasted, just let them know.
Purse and Shoe Hospital! Ladies and gents does your favorite handbag or pair of shoes need some quick repairs. This is a local business that can make it happen just like the doctor ordered. It is a small shop with stylish watches, handbags, woman clothes and much more when you walk through the door. You breathe in a fresh scent of incense that are also for sale. There is only one doctor there when I walked in who immediately stopped what he was doing to greet me. He thought I was a sales person at first because I was came from work but his freindly demonor was still very welcoming. I noticed the shop while walking through the shopping center. There was a $5.00 Battery replacement sign which my favorite watch has not been ticking for a while so I decided to stop in. My watch was fixed in less than two minuetes. I was carrying my favorite handbag that has been used so much that the edges are so warn. He gave me some tips on getting it repaired. I will be back.
Do not go with young kids!  Expensive, bad food, small rooms, poor customer service and not stroller friendly.  They make you sit thru a 15 minute movie which was miserable with my little ones.  The food was terrible and overpriced.  People were literally returning rotten fruit in front of me and the cashier would l t take anything off the shelves.  The staff were rude - we got yelled at in the atrium because my toddler had a butterfly land on her and she went nuts I'm talking screaming ballistic.  We could t find a staff to help us so we took the butterfly off of her to get her to stop yelling and immediately a staff appears out of nowhere and is yelling at us for touching it.  I was not impressed with the customer service and was told we couldn't skip the movie even with 3 toddlers who just would not sit still and bothered the people around us.
$18.95 for adults & 10% off for AAA members...and ps wear bright colored shirts it attracts the butterflies :-)What a truly beautiful place!!!! A place right out of a fairytale!!!We were in Arizona visiting my mom for the holiday weekend & was searching for interesting things to do while we were here. Have to say there wasnt tooo too much going on in scottsdale but this is the diamond in the rough!!!! To be able to walk amongst thousands of beautiful butterflies just living their lives is such a breathtaking experience!!! When i first brought the idea of coming here up to the boys they looked at me liked...butterflies?? are you serious?? but the way their faces lit up when we all entered into the atrium/greenhouse & were surrounded by butterflies was PRICELESS!!!! I wasnt too sure if this was a place more geared towards kids or adults too but I swear all the pictures a group of 5 adults took & the looks on all our faces was reason enough for all adults to check this place out. I will say there are ALOT of kids here...When you walk into the facility after buying your tickets you watch a short 3D movie on butterflies...its actually pretty cool...but hard to enjoy it completely with all the screaming & shouting children but once you get into the atrium it calms down a tad...but remember it is a great place for kids to learn as well so prepare yourself for that if your not a huge fan of the little hoodlums haha.It really is indescribable. They are everywhere...whizzing past your heads...landing on a flower right next to you...feasting on the bowls of fruit they had laid all over the place & in the middle of it all was a great waterfall fountain. IDK why but it took me a little bit to get used to them landing on me..i would get a little scared & fidgidy like how am i so sketchy about such a beautiful creature hahaha so it may take a bit getting used to not flinching when they waft your way. But it is such a perfectly peaceful place & there is no other place like it. The best part of all is the butterflies actually land on you if you stand still!!! I had one chill on my hand long enough to get some pictures with it!! My advice to all is where BRIGHT colored clothing & shirts & that will attract them to land on you. My mom had on a teal shirt and they would land on her every chance they got. Another guy had 2 butterflies mating on his pant leg for the entire time he was there lol. You can stay in the atrium as long as you like just watch your step because some will land on the ground and just relax there lol.  The one & only reason we didnt stay in the atrium forever is because it is SUPERRRRR hot & humid...ladies...if you dont want your hair getting frizzy either wear it up or wear a hat because we all came out sweaty, wet & looking like we walked thru a monsoon.They also have a few other rooms with a sting ray petting tank & reptile & spider terreriums as well as you get to see hundreds of butterflies in their cryssalis stage of life..we even got to see a few emergeing from their cocoons!!!This is such a beatiful place & you really learn alot being here & i would recommend EVERYONE check it out. You will really be taken away to a midsummer nights dream!
The kids love it and that is all that matters!  Tons of Butterflies and right next to OdySea Mirror Maze, which the kids like too.  It looks like they are also building an aquarium here too!  Right off the 101 and easy to get to.
Love love love this place!! I truly cannot get enough of it. You can find me here multiple times per week! I love what the Downtown Project has done to the interior, making if feel like a swanky lounge, yet it also feels like you could kick back and relax. There are a wide variety of games and activities to be enjoyed inside in addition to the full bar. The grill is cool, too - they have a veggie sandwich that is absolutely delightful with fresh flavors that truly pop. A MUST TRY is the Stigl on tap. It's a grapefruit beer that really tastes like a grapefruit soda - it's perfect for the summertime, yet a little pricey at $9 each. The outside area is also a treat with giant beer pong, man-sized jenga and a gigantic cornhole set - it's a blast to hang out next to the airstream and listen to a sweet bluegrass band jam. Man, I love the 'Spike.
Finally a place that celebrates my love of board games!I love everything about this place... service at the main bar leaves something to be desired... S.L.O.W., but the work around on that is to just go to another bar. (Bar near security/DJ Booth isn't full service, but very quick)This place has so much fun stuff!!! Shuffleboard (although I'm sad they took out the standing bar shuffleboard game. I haven't tried playing the floor version, but it looks fun.Life size Jenga, Large and small Bean bag toss games (cornhole), Life size beer pong.. Seriously giant "red solo cups" fashioned from large trash cans filled with water, using basketballs to make points. Awesome!You can check out board games and there's tons of room (couches and chairs) to grab some friends and sit around and play. There's was a live band playing outside last Saturday. This place has such a fun vibe. I didn't really get the the 3D room, but I don't think I'm the target demo for that kind of thing. There's also an in house cafe. Decent food for decent prices.Gold Spike, you are definitely becoming one of my favorite downtown spots!!
The food was good. And the prices were really good for the quality of food. But the late night service out by the billiards area way awful. And it took 30 mins for burgers. And even longer for med rare steak and fried chicken. And non of our food came at the same time. Not to mention we were the only people eating a 12 am wed morning. Then the server decided to split our check in a weird way and we didn't even ask her to split it. And I hate waiting for water refils, kind of makes me crazy. Only a 3 for bad service.
Always fun when you're with friends...beer pong & games were cool..not a bad place to chill at
Go to place for relaxation and a great foot massage. Great place to go after a great food and cocktails at dw bistro. Starbucks and frozen yogurt near by.
Can't talk, stuffing face! Nachos are outrageous! This is my 5th "ride" and have yet to be disappointed. Service has always been top notch, soup excellent, burros rock and the tacos... ahhh, the tacos.
This place is pretty good. Not great but good. Might be better if you're a drinker. Id recommend the chicken burrito.
Shrimp & Veggie Tacos with Mango Mandarin Margarita! Highly recommended! Everything was on happy hour menu besides the shrimp taco.
Food tastes great. You don't get alot of food for the price.I took my family there it was nice.  We went during the summer.  My son enjoyed the outside misters.
AWESOME!!!! Very laid back place to enjoy yourself.. I recommend it! This place puts me where I need to be. If u have a significant  other he or she would love it.
Great service, great hookah, awesome waitressesWould recommended to anyone looking for a place to relax.
Staff was nice. Hookah was good. Drinks are typical Vegas strip prices. We ordered the peach flavor sheesh .
Mandy is an awesome server! Great experience. Hookah is amazing. Fries are good as well
Kenny is the best super fun super cool and the lounge is fuckin amazing The Hookahs Are To Kill For And They Have The Best Set Ups Chairs Are comfortable
Love them! Such a fun place to just chill and have a low key time they have all the jams!!
So I'm biased, despite the recent bad press here this will always be my favorite spot. The servers are always pleasant and knowledgable and the blueberry mojitos are on point! We came for happy hour and had a pitcher of blue berry mojitos, stuffed dates, baked tetilla, Serrano sliders, fireflys fries, diablo shrimp, and chicken rings empanadas. The empanada was one sliced in half so it was a small portion but the taste was delicious the pitcher lasted us the whole meal (and it was happy hour 50% off drinks) and our server was Gabriel and he was absolutely amazing I recommend you as for him
I dare you to name something that IS NOT good here!!!Ok, maybe the paella isn't in par with Miami, but still darned good!!
Boquerones and manchego mac and cheese were pretty good! Tres leches cake was also nice. Should have gone with the full pitcher of Sangria. Can't wait to try the paella next time.
Oh wow!  Choco tres leches.  Brought 1/2 dozen buddies with me and we all had a blast, everyone was impressed.  Each dish was better than the last.  We'll definitely be back next month.
Great cocktails but bad service.  Sat at the bar and pretty much had the menu thrown at me. It took about ten minutes for the bar tender to notice me after I had a chance to review the menu. It was my first time there and probably my last. Sucks because I was really excited about going there.
Great food. Mac and cheese and bacon dates unreal.. Great wine. Sat at the bar, nice setup..
We are visiting from out of town and this place was great.   Food was superb.  We ordered six different items and they were all excellent.  There was a 30 minute wait so we ended up sitting at the bar.  Servers were on itn. Very helpful and the food came out quickly.   Would definitely come back!
Excellent service and the food is amazing I come here a few times a month with my girlfriends and it never changes. The atmosphere is great. I always order most if the same food. Stuffed red peppers to the steak and mushroom skewers are all fantastic
Order the stuffed dates ( bacon wrapped, smoked almonds, red wine reduction, blue cheese) Camarines a la diabla was perfection. The chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms needed more kick. Chicken and mushroom blended out any flavors they were aiming for. Seriously, just start at the top of the menu and start working your way through. I'll be back for round 2,3,4,5,etc.
Make your reservation now! This place has spoiled me for food. Everything we ordered was delicious and memorable. This is a foodies paradise.
Amazing!  A great experience. Food and service were exceptional.  Do yourself a favor and skip the overly priced Chef themed restaurants on the strip and get to Firefly.  Order anything that sounds good and you will love it!  Shrimp diablo, apple salad, petite filet, scallops, bacon wrapped dates all phenomenal!  The only thing that was just ok was the pork empanda.  Had sangria and flan for dessert.  Great.  Love this place.  Will be back.
Place is outstanding! Great for groups! Bacon wrapped dates are to die for. Tapas portions are small, so order more than one of each. Every meat option they serve is incredible. Nice to get off the strip for a really delicious meal and some peace and quiet.
Stuffed Bacon Wrapped Dates - 'nuff said!Even of all the nice, fancy restaurants Las Vegas has to offer this one is always at the top of my list and mostly always on my mind when I dream about yummy dishes!
Everything I ate was delicious. I had shrimp tempura, lamb chops, and dates.
The best Mojitos I've had in a while! The food was very good and so was the ambience. Small shareable plates. Bacon Dates were my favorite!!
Place is great, food is awesome! Great service ! Don't listen to the bad reviews from long ago! This place is awesome
Lots of variety and great food. A group of 4 visited and tried the servers suggestions as well as some of our own choices. The bacon dates and Diablo shrimp were our favorites. Lots of flavor and a great meal.
They have excellent food and great serviceGreat for party of 40 we payed around 25$ per person
Very delicious! Great customer service, quick service and very good. I would highly re commend to anyone
Great food. Newer owners of the business who are extremely friendly and welcoming. Must try the Lamachun (Turkish pizza). Even their American offerings (like the burgers) have a Mediterranean flavor to them.
BTW:  open face sandwiches are a fancy name for bruschetta.  Very good!!  Also, Shawn was the BEST server!  So fun, friendly, knew the menu (great recommendations) and we didn't want/wait for anything.  Bravo!!   Going back for their wine deals during the week!
Great customer service, easy process, highly recommend using this storage facility.  The place is very clean, they have specialsFor holiday weekendsSo be on the look out. But overall a great experience.
Prime rib eggs benedict is delish! You'll need a while to review the menu there's so many good choices.
.We love this place and Kelli is great. The Island Favorite is always fresh.  Portions are perfect
Great food, service (Brandt and Heather are the best!!) and overall experience!!Skillet breakfasts are so hearty and the wheat blueberry pancakes are so huge that a short stack could practically feed a whole table. Love the fresh squeezed OJ and they have awesome Banana nut muffins. Thanks for being out here in Henderson/Anthem area!
Manuela was very friendly and efficient. Great waitress.  The bottles of habra Diablo and habra Diablo verde were 90 percent empty and were gross looking. It is important to have these bottles filled for someone to use when they sit down. Also goes for the ketchup.
Joshua is the best, EVAR!!! Had the Denver Omelet with Spinach. Eggs were soft and fluffy. The potatoes were crunchy with the right amount of seasoning. My iced tea was always full.
Had a wonderful breakfast with our server, Laura! The did was yummy. Will be back soon!
Great breakfast place. Manuela was a fantastic server, food is excellent. Have had the traditional Benny and mashed potato omlette and both were exceptional.
My favorite breakfast stop!  Manuela was awesome! They have a few Hawaiian dishes.  Try the Haole Loco！
Coffee (use the hazelnut creamer) and food were great and PK was awesome!!  Reminded me of a good home breakfast.
PK is amazing and the food is great.  Keep up the good work!Service and food consistently quality.  Love the Brads scramble and veggie omlet!
PK rocks!  The best waiter EVER! No matter what you order you'll be pleased with what hits the table.  The waffles are the best!
Manuela was terrific as always... We love this placeGr8 food & service! Food has varied menu for breakfast or lunch, always fresh and prepared to suit.I do recommend that you try it
PK was awesome as always! Service and food were excellent and he is very patient with our kids! Had the Mexican skillet and the carnitas tacos were new choices for us and delicious.
Great food and amazing service! Be sure to ask for PK. He is an awesome server! The banana muffins are so delis and the potatoes are great. Fresh fruit if you want to go light.
The food was delicious, the waiter Mario was excellent!! I'll be back! Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Epic fail in food. I built a burrito with shrimp, guac, pico, cheese, and cabbage (they forgot the cabbage); and a side of refried beans (they gave me black beans unfried). We got a large side of guac (they said 2 smalls would be better, but they only gave us one). A side of queso (containing a nickel sized burnt piece). Amanda got a shrimp taco salad (mostly beans and rice. Rice?) which had a very large avocado pit in it. The 2 bottled beers were quite good though.Only $32. Wait...what?
Food is great.  Service is terrible.  The nachos and the tacos have great fresh flavor.  Expect to wait long.  The person who takes every single order is also the bartender. They forgot our chip order and didn't know how to process the yelp coupon we brought.  Again, I do like the food but it does seem kinda dirty and is definitely slow.
Friendly staff, quick service, fun and tasty food! The yuca nachos are delicious and the portions are generous.
Always leftovers for tomorrow's breakfast or lunch.  The food is always fresh and made to order.  The restaurant is clean and the employees are very pleasant.
Excellent food. Awesome deals and specials. And very well spiced meat. Sexual tacos and other such things inspire passion and romance in the hearts of its patrons
Only had the burritos, and they are great. Look forward to trying everything else. Friendly staff too.
Liked it so much I took a group of 15 people there the next night...  Loved it!  I was there just the night before for Valentine's Day and it was great then.  This is a fun place for small to mid sized groups....
Nice caprese good pizza.   Great atmosphere.  A short walk from downtown Phoenix.  Open late.  I would come back
Quality products, great staff, and fair prices.  Got my motorcycle decals removed.  What an easy process and the waiting room is comfy.  Thanks!
Bel endroit. J'y suis allé pour le brunch c'était bon mais pas renversant. Ça change des brunch qu'on a l'habitude de trouver sur toutes les cartes.
Place is pretty dead.  Not really to sure what all has changed since it was the Smoke Ranch Junction.  I will have to come back another day and give this a second try.
I love Kate. She does a great job. I recommend her to everyone. Her staff is great as well.
I have been coming here for a while now and it is Amazing here!!!! Kate and Trish are such wonderful people and they do an amazing job. Haven't been anywhere else since I found out about them!
Good eats.. Beef stew noodle is good. Servers are sooo attentive..Also like their rice dishes with barbecue pork and egg roll.Try it out. Fast service.
Try the rice crepe and egg rolls... Both great! The place is clean, the help attentive... WhT more can one ask for?
Love this place!Best pho ever and the spring rolls are always fresh, excellent customer service I will recommend it to anyone
Lots of options for people for people with food allergies. Everything is gluten free, and they clearly list any other potential allergens on the labels. They also have quite a few vegan options. This location serves coffee, although I haven't yet tried it
Fresh dumplings, good service, looks clean. Nothing spectacular. Decent food. We went there for lunch. The hot pot place (little fat sheep) is a better option if you want to try Chinese food in the area.
Awesome food.  Great wait staff.  Best Vindaloo and butter chicken in Charlotte.  Have to try the weekend buffet.  Not a bad dish there.  Even for rookie Indian foodies.
The food was very tasty and the staff was wonderful and so friendly! The wait staff suggested a few entrees for us to try.We didn't have to wait long to be served. The decor is nice and relaxing. I'll come again!
Absolute best!  Yummy!  The best Indian food that we've ever had.  Cheers to the chef and the staff!
My second check in here was awesome! Way better than my first visit! The man who did my nails today made me feel very comfortable. He was smiling and made sure all my requests were the way i wanted them. I will definitely be coming back.
The best Gyro combo ever! The pita was fresh and good deal for great price! FRESH! I had the salad as a side also fresh and good. The girl at counter was very friendly and brought my food out to my table. Nice outside patio area too!
Awesome cut and color!  You'll never be disappointed! I have been seeing her for about 13 years and have never been disappointed.  I will continue to drive from Maricopa to see her in Youngtown because of fair pricing, good fun and fabulous hair care!
This is easily one of the best Thai places in Pittsburgh! Love this place :) the fried rice is great. I also really like the Panang :)
Great selection and very personable owner. Highly recommended. Got some good recommendations and definitely enjoyed the experience.
Southwest bowl w brown rice. Was delcious! I have no complaints about the food and speed of service. I was not greeted upon entering or even acknowledged. So that needs some customer service work but the food was made promptly and accurately and tasted great.
Great spot to keep you motivated for the New Year!! I don't think you can order something unhealthy here. Plus when you look around inside you want to immediately go to the gym after placing your order.
Favorite healthy spot in Vegas. Right next to Golds so I go right after training. Clean food and tastes amazing.
Meh! A bit overpriced the help is kind of snooty. The food is only ok I probably won't go back
Bomb shakes and healthy food, love coming here everytime I come to Vegas, bison burger and mass shake are on point
Everybody needs to come here!! It's heaven yuuuuuuuuummmmmm!!! I recommend it to anybody and everybody. Everything is just so good and Delicious.
Great customer service! Great knowledge!! And very helpful!!! Would go back again!! The two guys in the front were awesome! On Mondays they do free cool builds! Next time your in Vegas take the time and go check them out.
Even though the man here didn't like strawberries, this place is great. They helped us out with everything. Hella friendly. Go here.
Apple juice too small tastes bad food was cold it all wasn't that great. I personally would definetly not try this again.
Zupas is pretty awesome! Drove 30 mins from our hotel just to eat here :) the employees are respectful & nice.
Very good. Friendly workers, fresh tasty food. My daughter loves the chocolate strawberries. The soups always taste fresh. Just make sure you don't go too close to closing, they run out of many items.
food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high. tip is enforced. One time we three friends just ordered regular dishes, costed 25$ per person , higher than average here
food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high. Tip is enforced no matter how the service is . I do not think it at all
北京片皮鸭、川味凉粉、是我最爱，其他的味道也很不错，服务也挺好的，除了见过一个能把人气死的男服务，现在不在了。他家我感觉属于味道很好，虽不是太正宗，但好吃的国内家常菜那种～
The only reason I go to the meadows mall is because this is there! Orange pineapple coconut! Yes! Prices our outrageous and I don't even care lol
only open 7am-3 pm. breakfast and lunch only. good stuff for lunch and breakfast. Nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and get some thing local..
Good pad Thai. Kinda hidden in a bar. But good food. We walked into the bar and had to walk into the back through a hallway and ring a bell to get service. They automatically thought our order was to go when we were eating there. Then lead back out to the bar to sit. We had the Thai beef jerky and that was good. It's not actual jerky it's half dried and then cooked. The fried wontons not so good, they are triangles with a tiny bit of ground meat and the wonton was actually burnt on the ends. Skip it. But everything else good. The lunch special came with soup, I had egg drop soup. Smaller portions perfect for a quick lunch. They offer Thai iced tea which I love and kept refilling our glasses of water.
Good place, nice food, especially avocado eel cheese sushi! With good service, and food coming very quickly!
Get the concrete mixer, you'll love it!Other than that, it's fast food.
Great quality of food and great Ice cream. Today was my first time eating there but I will be back.
I absolutely adore this place! I come all the time and get the pho tai. Only place on the west side that nails it. The servers here are INCREDIBLE. They are so sweet and cute! Kitchen is super clean and you can see it from the front dining room. I love Vu the owner as well. Yay song Lynn!
Great customer service and very friendly. Highly recommend to anyone. The response time is out of this world for a locksmith, those of you who have had to use one know what I'm talking about.
Food is amazing and the service is excellent.Cost is very affordable. Relaxing.Good for family and kids .
Good price on firearms even better on ammo good customer service great price on glocks and shot guns all around great place very cool place to check out
I didn't not feel welcome and zero customer service. Very nice prices, just not the best customer service, kinda felt like I was being laughed at! Not cool
Wow homemade ice cream cakes too, love this place, they are super friendly!
The variety of choices you can choose from are amazingly delicious! My favorite items are the Garlic Parmesan fries and the coffee ice cream with mixed nuts
Regular Gas $2.99. 12-24-13.Love this one too. Clean, New, Friendly staff. Great Tea. No place for us to park the 18 Wheeler though, so I walked over. And I was happy to see a QT and not a Truck Stop. I felt like I was back home in Atlanta!
Delicious food, great service, great prices! Favorite salad is the Waldorf salad. I also really enjoy their protein shakes, great after a workout. Location is very convenient for most ASU students but if you're coming from out of town, it's a great place to stop!
Very tasty poutine. Great cocktails. Good portions too. Loved itThere are a lot of poutine choices in the city (and some even better ones off the island). We've been here several times and it's always been tasty. Lots of variety and all the ones we've tried were really good. Great little patio for the summer, good place to enjoy their mason jar cocktails!
Best steak salad!!! So delicious. Also delivery is all around amazing, fast & fee minimum is the most reasonable in this area.
Food is ALWAYS amazing and ALWAYS on time and fresh! Keep up the great work guys! We order from here, on average, a few times a month and have never been disappointed. We've tried almost everything on the menu too!
The best coffee in Charlotte. Expertly crafted     espresso drinks! All other coffee houses need not apply.
Great burgers and excellent beer selection with many screens to watch sports.  Parking is a bit of a pain
I had the Holmburger. WOW. Just wow. The candied jalapeño and pancetta were absolutely delicious. This burger was sweet, spicy, tangy, and savory all at the same time! Even though I was stuffed, the pizza smelled so good that I wished I had room for one. I guess I'll just have to come back!
16 bucks for a 99 cent pizza :(.   Way over priced. We would not go back. Service was very slow and food was over priced. We did like the wings. The pizza was horrible and way over priced.
16 bucks for a 99 cent pizza :(.   Way over priced. The serve was very slow. 1 star for sure.
Very helpful found what I needed and ended up leaving with a couple more things, the staff was very helpful and they showed me some of there new items. I will certainly recommend this shop to my friends and I will continue coming here.
One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale! They always change the menu up and have the perfect pairings.
Good food.  Kristen was an excellent server.  A little noisy for me, but not enough to keep me from coming back.
Cute persian hippy cafe with great pastries.Very nice ambiance with wooden tables and books everywhere.Great teas, coffees and pastries
They give you a lot of food. They have good food. I order takeout from them all the time. Pretty fast delivery.
The ceviche was good till the place caught on fire and they kicked us out... Hope everyone was okay afterwards
Love my window tinting! He did such s great job. Thank you David :) I definitely will be sending people your way. Very happy with the services provided. I've been waiting to get them tented for so long and they're finally done. And look great. Yay!!
$10 for a Guinness that is not even poured properly?  This place is awful.  I can't imagine why any local would come here let alone someone from off the strip!  It's really just a joke of an Irish restaurant.  Don't waste your time or money with this place.  I mean...  You'd think the bartenders would know how to pour a Guinness in an Irish bar??
a beautiful place to have brunch lunch and dinner* :) lil far but it worth！priz r ok too*
Great service , great food, great people.Try the meatballs, they are great.The design of the place is orginal and very pleasant.
Great spot for a casual dinner or drinks. Good atmosphere. Good menu. Good prices. Menu is a bit small but you sacrifice quantity for great quality. The gnocchi is delicious. And any of the pasta dishes are fantastic. Definitely a new neighborhood favorite spot for date nights.
Beautiful venue, nothing amazing from the menus and service was so-so. Tried the meatballs which were a rave and I wasn't too fond. Everything was very average and the presentation was low key. Prices didn't reflect what the venue lacked. There are better places that deserve the rating this place has that are way better!
Great food! Great service! Nice and spicy! We will definitely go back many times! I had the Farmers burrito Christmas style. The red and green chili is the best I have had in AZ. It was excellent! My husband had the stuffed sopapilla, he said he loved it! The ambiance is nice.
2 words, Amazing Mexican!!! Ask for Tommy "superman" the server! He definitely made our experience worth it!
Every other Mexican meal you've ever eaten just died of embarrassment. Nick is an amazing waiter.
Absolutely delicious. Especially the beef ones. Amazingly delicious. A little bit spicy.
All I can say is it's ether a HIT or a MISS ! Ngek. Some days you'll get the best of both worlds good chow and good service and some days will just be " what Happened?" Sigh :(
Check out this place if you like coffee - it's a must! Bear in mind they are only open sat And Sundays 10-6 - maybe open weekdays during festival?Lovely beans from a roastery that's in Scotland this week.  The beans change every week, so a different tasty coffee everytime you go!Please note it does not have a toilet as it's set up in a garage.
We just had Breakfast!!! It was pretty good!!!This is a new location and it seems where ever they open a new location they do well! I would recommend breakfast over Mcdonalds any day! I believe this is long enough to be posted!
Outstanding pizza! Quality far above any pizza chain pizza! Fresh ingredients to die for. A crust that you could enjoy all by itself. Memorable sauce. Flavorful cheese of high-quality. Delicious!
Back again! Very good pappardelle bolognese! The pizza is always great too! Nice neighborhood place!
Wonderful food, the food portions are huge and the staff are friendly. Great prices, all together I was very impressed.
My wife and I love this place! Lots of great flavors and toppings and friendly atmosphere, we will be back many times I'm sure.
We love this place for frozen yogurt, but it is a little pricey. You're looking at $20-25 for a family of 4 for ice cream.. To me that's a little pricey but it's great for a "treat" night or date night !!
They folded it wrong or they would have scored higher. Fresh n tasty! It's the Subway of burritos.
The meals are expensive the portions are large, and the wait... Is excruciating! The 20+ minute wait and counting is making me very hangry!
My go to place for everything! Love it to death!!! It's so busy sometimes but honestly I don't mind waiting!
Great feel good cafe food style restaurant!!! The wife usually gets one of the wraps, and they are amazing. She is particular to the chicken Caesar wrap w sweet potato fries. We get the grilled cheese for the kid, and it comes with a big bowl of fruit. I am particular to the burgers and the wraps myself. They also offer great smoothies and they have fresh daily baked goods. I wish we found out about this place sooner, as it has become our go-to place when we are indecisive for meals.
Rosa said she makes everything from scratch.My husband loved his tacos!  He said he will be back, and he can't wait to try her burritios!I got the rolled taco's and they reminded me of my childhood. It tasted like the shells were made from scratch.  The meat was a little to chunky, but other than that I really enjoyed the tacos.  The rice was pretty good too.  I'm sure I will be back.
This place is amazing!  Great place for a  party!  The dancers are great and fun to PLAY with!  Defiantly recommend this place for a bride to be!
Great place to celebrate my girls last single days!  Tons of fun great shows and reasonable prices
Awful, dirty, food not cooked all the way, shakes are with syrups!!!awful.  Will never go there again, workers are rude.
Everytime I come to the store I'm in and out quickly. Friendly staff. Good store to get your tires.
friendly place great haircuts and great prices   much recommended.They seem to know what they're DoingAnd in a good location.Go there!!!
Decent. Not the best food but a laid-back environment for meeting friends. A bit louder than I prefer. But a good selection of drinks!
OMG come see Jessica!!! Best mani/pedi ever!!!! She is meticulous and makes sure that your feet walk out of here looking and feeling good :)
Great beer selection. Like the fact that they change brews, variety is great. The atmosphere is welcoming with a good vibe. Bartenders are very attentive and always help you if you need anything
Kim makes one hell of a Bloody Mary *drops mic* You won't be sorry you went! So many great events and great vibes!
coffee is great, hits the spot for the Cali girl in Montreal winter here!!  sweet they have an indoor bike rack for winter.
Good spot in the neighborhood for late night ice cream and games, the kids love it!  They have some regular flavors, but also some different ones like guava and thai tea which are pretty good.They have macaron ice-cream sandwiches that I've been wanting to try, but they've been out of the macarons the last two times we went.Up'd to a four as I was wow'd by the service today! I had asked if they had macarons and he said they will always have them in stock. And apologized for not having them before and gave me one on the house for the miss the first time and said thanks for giving them a second chance. Totally appreciated it and given the size of those things they are the perfect texture.  Not to hard on the outside and still chewy on the inside. My macaron ice cream sandwich was delicious!
Awesome place, my daughter and I go here a lot.  Love the bobba and the ice cream!  The staff is great and you can draw on the chalk board walls
Ice cream filled macaroons are amazing !!! Great flavor combinations !!! Great atmosphere. Perfect for family outings or dessert dates. Would strongly recommend.
Love the macaroon green tea ice cream. I can't get enough of this cute ice cream shop. They have so many flavors to choose from come check them out you won't be disappointed.   Make sure you ask for a stamp card.  Happy yelping and enjoy your day. :)
The macaron ice cream sandwhiches had me at first bite.then they told me I could fill it with Thai tea ice cream. Game over. This place is awesome.
Omg. The flavors are so authentic!! So delicious!! Definitely try the durian.  :) you won't regret it!
This place is fire!!!!! Great ice cream. Lots of selection that anyone can find that particular taste they're craving! Can even play board games while im enjoying my ice cream! My go to spot to get dessert in Las Vegas!
Really bad experience, will never go back. First they won't honor the offer from Yelp, so why even make it available? I ended up paying regular price but when I got my drink, I was told they ran out of boba. Are you for real? Why even call it a boba place  when you don't serve it. They still have one more hour before closing and every other place in town I go to never run out. There are a lot of better place that provides good service and value loyal customers.  Don't waste your time and money at this place, it's not worth it.
Great vibes, good ice cream and boba, always enjoy coming over here.  I love how they're always open too they close at 1am.
Boba is the same where we go, not much to say but the bubba is good ! Enjoy there's more than boba there's ice cream
So delicious! Staff was so sweet and friendly definitely a place to try! I had the green tea boba and it was the perfect balance of sweet and green!
Awesome place 10/10 recommendThe boba is good and I love their macaroon sandwiches, my favorite ice cream here is honeydew and there's this girl that works here and she's really sweet and fast at working good service her name was lily definitely comin back (:
Great atmosphere and great service. Delicious food! Had sushi recommended by the waiter and a crazy fishbowl drink called bubble wrap! It had dry ice and was a show in itself
this place has the best sushi!!! awesome environment!! Even though it's a sushi place there BBQ sliders are to die for! I ordered two on their happy hour!
Great place for any occasion. Laid back and fun. Our chef was very entertaining. The food was awesome.  They also have a great happy hour that runs until 8pm.
My bathroom was dirty and had a dead bug. I spend my entire evening trying to get them to clean it right. I paid $177 per room and wish I would have stayed at Best Western instead. You live and you learn.
Yummy food in a cute little setting!  I look forward to returning again soon.  Definitely a great addition to downtown Mesa and the Mesa Arts Center area.
I absolutely love this place! The food and service are amazing!! The aciote potato is my favorite!
The Empanadas here are amazing!!! I tried the Pernil and the Greek. The service was friendly and fast! If you are ever in the area make sure to stop in!
I like this store.  They seem to have almost everything I need.  The employees are nice.
Top notch oysters and friendly service. They turn a blind eye to brown bagged beers nd wines as well ;-) SHHhhhhhhhhhh...
Love this place. Always clean and a great staff. Has everything you need. I feel like Im a member of a club/gym and not a customer on a contract. Everyone from staff to members are always nice. Great GYM !!
Amazing pizza slices for lunch.  Super nice husband and wife owners.  Bring your own wine and dine on the new patio.  Will be going for dinner soon.
Bring your own wine here. Call ahead for larger groups .Delicious meatballs and pasta. This is a tiny place that has a few tables and is cozy inside. If we had known be could bring our own wine we would have, apparently almost everybody else knew to BYOB. I had a  chicken garlic bruschetta  that was tasty but had too much bread. Fresh and delicious. We will visit again!
Does Not honor Yelp discount beware!I generally Dont like to give negative reviews. So i'll leave this open ended. Business for them seems good. my experience was alright...
Want fast food McDonald's is always a classic been going to McDonald's since I was little kid.oh memories lol  If you are on a budget and not on a diet McDonald's is you place to be.lolHappy eating xoxoxo
No straw + 30 min drive thru time = RIDICULOUS!!!! Wake up you are on the morning shift. Drink some coffee. Listen to your customers. I told them what I ordered at the second window before they gave me my food and they still tried to give me the wrong food. Don't even ask me if you insist on giving me food that isn't mine. Thanks for the no straw too. Appreciate that.
Excellent food and the lamb chops kebab were amazing, def coming back. Love the food and if you are gluten free highly recommend this place :-)
Fancy for not fancy prices. Only One vegetarian dish. Classy atmosphere. No falafel :(
Mark my words you guys have evolved the hot dog. I have had a dodger dog a dog at Fenway in Boston and I think the bread the dog the toppings. You have blown them all away.
Decent enough spot to grab breakfast or dinner. Lines can be long so if you don't mind grab a spot at the counter. Not a large menu and a bit pricey but consider it's casino prices.Seems like a lot of so-so reviews for this spot. It's nothing fancy but an ok enough place to have breakfast while I was staying here the other week while attending a convention in town. Never had to wait on lines too long as I was by myself and always took a counter seat. Service up there was ok. Kind of tired looking decor though. MGM should renovate it a bit to have a more cheery look and not that of an old casino floor.
Worse service I ever had ...we wait 45 minutes for pancakes and omletAnd the food was gross
Great customer service and fun flavors, giving them the extra star! Love all the games they have. Was sad when the yogurtology down the street closed, but I think I like this place more! Noticed that they have an ice cream case now which I don't think they had before. Even more fun flavors there! Definitely more than just a yogurt place. Very cool, worth checking out!
Fat free & Carbless options!If you want a nice cool icy goodie and eat it with spoons that change color, then Bahama Buck's is the place for you.  We took advantage of a Groupon for Bahama Bucks.  I have had a few iced desserts here in the past few months: Snowflake, Fluff Ice and now Bahama Bucks (okay 3 iced desserts).  And, I would say that Bahama Buck's is my favorite out of the 3.  The service was great and friendly.  They brought our desserts to our table with cool little umbrellas and spoons that change color.  So, I would definitely go back.  An easy 5 stars!
Best shaved ice I have ever had great place, great price and great ice!! The place isn't very busy which is nice cause that means no wait and no rush to eat it. It's nice to sit and enjoy with the family in peace and quiet. I will be returning.
Awesome most try the bahama Rama mama!! Clean and staff are very friendly. They actually sell snowballs which will be fun for Christmas time. Birthday cake flavor is off the hook
bahama bucks is the best shaved ice on earth!! must try. Great island atmosphere and always something to do. With board games and sports center always on . Great place to sit down and just relax
Huge portions, family style dining. Caesars salad and the muscles were great. Also had the chicken Parmesan and the bolognese which was a bit watery.
Great dinner very pleasant placeGood for big groups food is great!!!!!May be some of the best chicken I have I will try to copy this for sure
Friendly Staff great customer service. Only went in for a Smog however they treated me like I was a life long customer!
Quick. Easy. Painless.Got my smog check with the check in deal.I was in and out within 10 minutes.
Fast, fast, fast!  Great service, great price when you use the Yelp coupon.While searching on Google for a smog coupon for Las Vegas,  USA Auto Service was near the top.  Their site includes a link to receive an e-coupon, sent to your phone, for a $7.77 smog check, about half the normal price.  The garage is a full service, multi bay facility.  I didn't have much time to see what else they do because I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.  If their other services are as efficient,  they look like a good place to get auto service.
Not super big on customer service but courteous and quick. Great deal on smog checks only $8
Great shaved ice and the cookie jar shake was sooo good!Very unique ingredient combinations for the milkshakes. I got the regular shaved ice with half strawberry and half cherry (If you check in you get $2 off.) My boyfriend got the milkshake, which I tried, and it was very different, yet delicious.I love the look of the place and the sparkly floors add a great touch! I hope the business succeeds and the only recommendation I would give them is maybe add a few more flavors for the shaved ice. :)
Very good massage. I have been to many foot massage places this Is the best one. I will come back without hesitation and tell others about it
Way to expensive and their card system is awful. Could definitely use some more seating and tables to fold the laundry.
最高です！Delaxが絶対お勧め！！チャーシューがとびきり美味い！！また来る！！！！！！！餃子もカリカリ！！涙がこぼれました。
Great little local spot to go to when all the main stream places are packed to capacity. I love how they authentically have the cold noodle option and have lots of ginger for the ramen. They have the staples karagge takoyaki and of course gyzoa! It feels just like home.
Great little local spot. Most authentic out of all the Japanese style ramen spots that are in the valley. I love how they offer true Japanese appetizers and sides. The way they boil their ramen is just like the way they do back home. Def my comfort food spot to be at when my friends are in town I love taking them here. They even offer cold ramen! Oishii
Love this place, I love how they cater to my 3 year old daughter, very good ramen. I love the Tsukemen and Tonkotsu shoyu. They always have fresh ingredients and the broth taste homemade.
Fast service!  Great job! Glad to have a clear windshield again!Installation was quick and easy. Very friendly and professional. I would recommend over those other competitors!
Friendly, fast, great service. They finished in less than twenty minutes! Highly recommend
The check-in desk did not have very good service. The ladies acted as if we were bothering them or interrupting their conversations to check in. The service every where in this hotel could really use a pick me up! Everyone seems tired and irritable. The only good things about this hotel was our bed was very comfortable and it's conveniently close to Toby Keith's bar and the Carnival Court, which are out favorite handouts! Overall, most likely won't be staying here again. And no wi-fi!
Sign up for the rewards member card Thursday - Sunday, you'll get to try the million dollar pull :-)As for the hotel itself, though the parking garage seemed sketch, I thought our room was great!  It felt clean, it was nice and roomy, it had a satisfactory view, nice bathroom, plenty of storage for two people, and our room was always maintained.  We stayed four days and paid only $170 all together!  What?!  And I liked Flavors, it was muuuuuch better than the Buffet @TI, just yuck to that place.  Our waiter was Adrian and he was fun, I loved him - he gave us wine to go for some reason haha (GET THE GROUPON to save money).  I even liked this one better than Bacchanal haha, I was all hyped up for Baachanal too, disappointed :-(  But yea Harrah's is where the Improv is at so it's conveniently located to catch some shows (We saw the Mac King Comedy show which was good, drinks were ok), one of the bus stops is right in front of the Hotel so you can easily hop on and off, I actually think this is the best location on the strip, right across from Cesar's, right next to the Venetian and Casino Royale, 7 minute walk to TI, and again the bus stop is right out front to go down to Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc. all those other hotels on the lower end of the strip.  I didn't get to eat at Toby's but besides there and the buffet, Harrah's has Kerry's burger place which had the best milkshake I'v ever had (mint chocolate) and some damn good burgers.  It also had an Asian bistro but the entire time we were there I never saw it open haha, so idk about that place.  I liked the casino a lot too, it has the Wizard of Oz slot machines that I like to play and poker slots that we had some luck with.  I'm pretty sure I'll be staying here every time I come to Vegas from now on.
Stromboli of the pepperoni kind, YUM! Service was also great! At the time we were there they were out of stromboli so the chef whipped one up real fast for me.
Great local bar. Great staff. Cheap drinks. What else do you really need in a bar? They make great Moscow Mules.
Excellent Cambodian cuisine! Dancing tastebuds every bite. Smiley and friendly staff.
Food is exceptional but customer service is lacking. Customer service is key to a successful business. I'd go back for the food.
Amazing food!!! This is going to be my "go to" restaurant. The cerviche was great. Every one loved their food.
Had dinner last night, best seafood hands down!!! Can't wait to go backI had "Ostiones Preparadas" and a "Levanta Muertos" Cocktail, my girlfriend had 2 tacos and everything was super good, we both had "preparada" beers and they also were delicious, with an excellent service as well...
Delicious food, good environment, nice people, we need to come back to try the rest of the menu by example the aguachiles, camarones a la diabla, fajitas, and the desserts
Food is tasty and the service is great!! Love this place!! :)  hint : Playa Escondida place is really hidden. Great Food!!
Great food with awesome customer service. Every time I come to Vegas I make sure I plan a trip to this place. I always get the Mixto Molcajete, which is is amazing. I also recommend the Mangoneada drink which is a very savory mango flavored alcohol mix. Awesome place! Guys recommend it!
I really dug this BBQ food truck. It's a bunch of local guys who are running the food truck in a bar parking lot. Their barbeque is delicious (I had some chipotle BBQ) with several good options. However, it's placed on the meat upon ordering leaving some of the taste out of the meat--I'd love to see the barbeque smoked in some of those flavors rather than just having them glazed on top. I was most disappointed at the side (mac & cheese) which was microwaved as I ordered. The food was of good quality and reasonably priced; but there could have been  a little better presentation and preparation, particularly as the food truck movement grows in C-U. Note: After a POS upgrade, they now take credit cards.
I love this restaurant! Great food, great service!!!! It's a great place to eat with your family and friends
I love their burgers. They're cooked to order and served up piping hot. Their fries are always crisp. For me, nothing beats ketchup with a few splashes of hot sauce & Habit always has Cholula & Tabasco near their condiment station. There's obviously an emphasis on service with a smile at every Habit I've visited and any dining experience is better when you feel genuinely welcome and you feel the staff are doing their best to earn your repeat business.Not nearly as busy as the 7th & Glendale location and perhaps this location is not very well known or overshadowed by several competitors close by.
love the food here. and everyone  is very friendly.  I go here at least once a week. the burgers are great, chicken is great , the ice cream  is even pretty good. and not that pricey
From the tri-tip to the burgers, everything is awesome here! Everyone from my wife to my kids who I have brought here absolutely loves it. Great food, great service and reasonably priced. Wish they delivered!
She cleaned my whole house 2000 Sq feet in 3 hours.  5 stars 10 out of 10. Started at 830 she was 10 minutes early and then she started upstairs then worked around detailing everything Ronda is amazing.
Great place with delicious and affordable pizza and fantastic customer service. Don't expect a 5 star dinner setting, but do expect great food.
Leave extremely satisfied in the belly and wallet everytime I go. It is kid friendly and fast. The pizza is consistent and of the highest quality ingredients. The service is great as well. Each worker has personal interest in your overall experience.
A must is the Carne Asada torta. The taco trio is also delicious.  We also had the chicken quesadilla.
The Cuban Sandwich, wow! What a find! Can't wait to come back!!!  The staff is SO friendly and kind. I wish we had this place in Seattle!
Try out the orange chicken also kungpao triple.. Nommmm.. So good.. Try to spread the word.. Good portion too.. Special June 15% off..
Place is under new management, now called Asian Fusion Kitchen. Time will tell how the new restaurant will be.
Love the service recommend my friends came at the last minute in and out very reasonable
They have quick reliable service at a reasonable  price. I have been coming here for years and have never had any issues
Located in the Chinatown Plaza.  The strawberry-mango shaved snow just hit the spot!
It's traditional & authentic place. Ambiance is awesome! You can taste coffee and tea in here if you like some thing traditional. The lady is so kind and always having smiley face.
Wow! The service here is incredible! I came in with my niece to get manis and pedis.  First of all, they accommodate child pedicures with adorable chairs that are just the right size!  Upon arrival, we were offered refreshments and my niece was given an ice cream come.  The environment and staff was friendly and inviting.  Amy did my manicure and pedicure. She was just the best.  I have never been more happy with my nails. She is personable and great at what she does. I highly recommend this place!
I really enjoyed my visit here!! I absolutely loved my nails. Sarah is really great. I took my daughter with me and they offered her ice cream haha
Super cute club wear and casual/hipster outfits! GREAT prices.I found 3 cute maxi style dresses for about $30 each and they were having an awesome sale of Miss Me jeans that were half off so I got then for $20/each!
Small leak in 1/4" line.  Quoted $135 (minimum). No thank you!  I fail to see where less than an hour of work and less than $10 in parts equates to the quoted price.  This is a prime example of businesses thinking people do not know the price/cost of things.
What a beer selection...35 plus on draft, 50 plus cans and bottles...that's over 85 different beers to drink. Then add a awesome burger and food selection, this place is going to rock it in old town! There are several flat screen TV's to watch all your favorite games on. The patio  (The biggest on Scottsdale road) I think, is totally awesome and inviting. If you are in old town and craving some food, this is the place to stop!
Best burgers in town! Great happy hour and lots of TVs to watch games on. Amazing beer selection and has beers from breweries in Arizona. Great environment and service.
Juicy juicy juicy burgers need I say more also a great place to pick up chicks  before heading out to the clubs or bars
Best sports bar in Old Town.. Especially if your a Chicago sports fan! It feels like I'm back in my hometown grabbing a beer with the boys when I'm here. People actually come to watch the games and drink.. Anddd the foods awesome.
Great place, good food, good service!  Would come back.  I recommend this place to anyone who ants good food and good service.  enjoy!
Amaaazziinnggg burgers. Was my first and probably only time here on business.  I had the open pit and it was literally incredible. I don't know why this place only has 3 1/2 stars.
Nice staff, not the worst prices, good food and drink selection and nice setup for a sportsbar.
The prices are more expensive than the online menu. Before going to RX we studied the menu online. The items we chose were much more expensive at the restaurant. For instance the skirt steak was $24 online with potatoes and  $36 at the restaurant without potatoes. The cocktails are very good. I think they are the only thing that is going to save this place. The food was fair but at these prices I expect amazing.  The waitress was nice but obviously was not a professional server.
Great mixology. These folks are so creative.  Smoking skull whiskey.Talk to Erick and Mercedes tell them what you like and they will hook you up with an awesome cocktail. I love bringing new people here.
As an avid Steampunk, I was longing to visit Rx Boiler Room because it has a Steampunk theme. I recently went there with my girlfriend and some friends, and we were definitely impressed with the outstanding food, excellent service, and of course, the cool decor. Time travelers would feel at home here.Even before entering this stylish restaurant, the retro-futuristic theme was evident. There's a really cool sculpture that stretches up the sides and over the top of the entrance. It's made of repurposed items like gears, tools, sewing machines, and old-school motorcycle seat pans. Inside Rx Boiler Room are many cool decorations including a plush Victorian room, a sweet Octopus wearing a metal helmet, and an apothacary wall filled with various vials of colored liquids. It was odd that we were the only patrons dressed in Steampunk finery, but we got lots of compliments from the staff as well as a 10% discount for dressing Steampunk.Our server was fantastic! Not only was he knowledgeable, but he also made us feel right at home and attended to our every need. Every suggestion he made, from tasty drinks to delicious dishes, was a hit. I started with the Pizzazzerac coctail with absinthe, bourbon, and Grand Marnier (it was delicious) and my girlfriend had the Gibroni-Negroni, which was also very good.We began our culinary tour with the Bacon-Wrapped Bacon-n-Egg. It's a delicious amuse-bouche that has bacon-wrapped pork belly and a quail egg on brioche toast. My girlfriend and I shared the Citrus-Braised Veal Cheeks for our entree, which was incredibly tender and extremely decadent! Our friends had the Lamb Osso Bucco and the Pan-Fried Game Hen and Waffles. The Osso Bucco was also tender and delicious, but the Game Hen and Waffles was my favorite entree! Instead of deep fried chicken, it features grilled chicken and perfectly cooked waffles with a citrus maple sauce that adds complexity and great flavor! We ended the meal with a deconstructed apple pie a la mode. I loved it because unlike most apple pies, it doesn't have large chunks of apples and there was plenty of crust and cinnamon crumble. We will definitely return to Rx Boiler Room the next time we're in Las Vegas!
Great dinner. A hipster joint that delivers great food. The smoked whiskey and the cookie and milk was a very nice touch.
Impressed! Amazing drinks delicious food!Don't skip the appetizers or the cocktails here.
Awesome pizzas, but definitely order off the regular menu!!! The pastas are homemade, the giardinara is the bet I've had, and the desserts are created by the pastry chef from Sage! Homemade gelatos and ice cream sandwiches should not be missed!
Awesome!!!!!! Great truffle salami pizza, pig truffle and homemade meatball. Also oxtail macaroni and garlic bread.
Good food and service! :) will recommend and come back when I visit. If u haven't been here, should try it out. Music and ambiance is laid back and casual. Good for a quick bite or hanging out with friends and fam.
Cheese pizza was really good. We arrived at Vdara on a Thursday at midnight. Everything around the immediate area was closed. Thankfully this was place up open until 1am.
My second favorite here. Good crust, a little chewey. Just got the cheese, and it hit the spot.
Great pizza, good service, solid all around!  We had the cheese plate as well which was delicious.  Definitely check out if in the aria.
Nice variety; staff friendly, helpful & not pushy. Clean. Well organized.Not sure where the three dollar signs come from bc everything was very reasonably priced. Bought six items for under $40.
Good place to grab a bite after work since they're open late. Wings are cooked the same every time. They have plenty of sauce choices. Ribs are ok, but nothing to write home about. They deliver, but I usually swing by and grab take out.
Awesome staff! !! Makes being at the doctors office not too bad! Dr. Harter is so efficient and has great bedside manners.  The nurses blow all Vegas nurses out of the water.  The lab techs haven't hurt me ever and they are super sweet.  I love everyone that works in this office!
Great love country music on the weekends. Fun crowd and great service.  Not sure many people know about this secret west side gem of a true country bar.
The chicken Marsala oh so yummy It was quick we didn't eat a lot of it tho we ordered the nachos for an appetizer and it was huge good but huge
Friendly staff. Good food and fast service. One of the few good breakfast places left. Down home food.
Friendly staff. Good food and fast service. Great food. They went out of their way to provide me with turkey instead of all the pork they serve for breakfast. Great food and very very good price.
Great staff.  Overpriced food and beverages. Small portions for a premium $$$$ price. Wait staff friendly and accessible but could not compensate for the overpriced bar food. Wings were small and few in number for a excessive price
O M G to die for! You must try this place, period. Get the fixed menu, it's worth every penny. Mount Fuji was delicious (roasted chestnut. Warm apple pie with honey ice cream and a cream filled candy apple.
Pastry chef of the year !! Impressed with the immaculate service and keeping everything neat/clean/tidy. Sitting at the counter was like watching a harmonious symphony in action. The edible menu is definitely a interesting and unique start of the prefix menu. The amuse was refreshing and the desserts itself was pretty straightforward. They are generally on the lighter side of sweet catered to most people who favor less sweet desserts. wish they have more of these places. *smiLe*
Pretty little place with great dessert! Good coffee too! Totally new experience for dessert. :)
Must see to believe.  Everyone and everything done to perfection. It's a must eat and see in Las Vegas! I like good dessert but this is way more than just dessert its an experience
This place is awesome. If you have sweet tooth or on a date. You have to come here. Ive never seen any place like this . I will definitely come back and bring my friends . Nice and friendly staff
Every thing is delicious had the tea along with the 3 course dessert was not disssapppinted in any thing. They make the desserts right in front of you and it's a great atmosphere
Awesome timely service all around.We ordered tee shirts to be printed and some other shirts to be embroidered. We were met with professionalism and caring and patient assistance through the process.We will always use your company in the future.
Poor service, reheated food- never again! We wanted to order dosas but the dosa maker was out. Then our meal arrived with cold flat pooris and reheated package bhatooras.
Great bike shop. Super easy to work with,  very friendly and helpful!! Great selection of bicycles.
Zero stars for service, they are super rude and they probably don't wash their hands very well.
Wonderful helpful staff. Shop is organized by brand. Nice selection of yarn. They carry a couple local brands. Mary Gavan yarn is fabulous.
you wait 1/2 hour for no service. this is not the place to go on sundays! And the moronager is no better! Hey fatboy! People are waiting! Make yourself usefull. Do your job and service the customers or I go to triple B! Better Business Bureau! And CEO!
Horrific. From start to finish a travesty of a dining experience. Being referred to as guys, fellas, boys, gents and les gars by a waiter who is ten years younger than the youngest at table, ca fait mal. Being asked 'How about starting with some appys boys?' brought to mind the worst chain restaurants and this brand of overly familiar service persisted until he was too embarassed even to come to the table because the drinks and then the food took forever. The food: over priced, overwrought,  unimaginative, tepid and unfulfilling.This place was so bad the hashtags on display on many of the surfaces in the dining room almost inspired three non-twitterers to open twitter accounts just to be able to trash the place.If you live in St Henri spend the money on a cab, go up to Jean Talon, eat like a king, get in another cab to come home and still come out on top.
Just a note to anyone reading this, Krissy left and moved out of state :(I do like the management there, but I cannot recommend anybody.Good luck
Nice mexican restaurant, real flavor, friendly staff...Try aguachiles... they are awesome....
Had the honor of the omakasi by Chef, plate after plate it just got better. The menu was not overwhelming it was just enough, vibe is young and hip, bar has a great space, sake selection was top of the line.Hoping for more Korean influenced dishes to come out.
Great place but don't be in rush.. Service was so bad we switched to a new place red square Russian place and right away on it
Great food with modern style atmosphere. But the price is a bit irrational considering the amount of the dishes. It's very dark inside.
Fun atmosphere! Friendly service! Good food and sake! A little upscale and pricey!I went here for a client dinner this weekend with some coworkers. My boss and his fiancé use to work at Mandalay Bay, and they raved about it. This place is good for large groups, and the servers are absolutely phenomenal! Food - The fish was so fresh and tasted amazing! One of the things I love about sushi restaurants is the edamame. They have edamame with a Kimchi butter sauce, and they are to die for! They aren't spicy, but they definitely have a kick to them. We ordered the Yellowtail Sashimi, the Hot Mess, the Pop Rockin', the Protein roll, the Dragon Roll (not on the menu), and the Ribeye. My favorite was definitely the Protein Roll - all fish and no rice. Everything was delicious! Service - Our waiter and the attendants were always there to offer suggestions, refill our drinks, and take away the used plates. I would definitely give them 5 stars for service! The place is pricey, so if you go, get ready to spend some dough! It is most definitely worth it, and I will be back.
Pork belly roll and kogi beef tacos are delicious!!!The staff was amazing and the food made to order. Not a long wait at all.
Food was awesome no season needed the rice was off da hook. Very friendly staff will b back soon
Showcase store with open wi-fi, coffee drinks, mini pizzas. Amazing blur of motion lunchtime service disposes of long line quickly.  Food is just standard Subway, which is fine, if nothing spectacular, but this is a well-run store with especially energetic, efficient staff.
Kate does amazing work!!   Love love my lashes!!!Kate makes sure lashes look full and beautiful
Great food!the Thai basil chicken is my favorite.  Portions are large and the service is excellent too.  The calamari on the appetizer menu is another thing you must try!
Excellent Tom Yun!  Curry chicken was very good and lunch combo was a great value!  I will be back!
Slowest service in the world. Never going back. The food was respectable but it was not even close to the amount of time that we wasted there. Do not go here because it is genuinely not worth it.
Quick and easy set up for my new unit with Carmen! Thank you! My dad also has had a unit here for over a year and has had great service as well.
Had 2 burnt 16$ pizzas and a few drinks for 85 $ lol what a rip. Dont even bother. Told waiter the issue but he argued saying we already ate it. Yeaa after waiting a long time. We wr hungry
Happy hour is incredible value. Must try. It will bring you back.Wife is a high class chef. She said best marinara she has ever tasted.
Yum yum yum! Love this place! Great service!!! The waiter was a sweetheart and the music is awesome. :-) Even the salads are good, for those who aren't too crazy about a lot of pizza. :-)
The Cal Italia is amazing.Great service, friendly workers, great music, and an overall wonderful experience. The garlic rosemary fries are the best fries I've ever had.
Great pizza, drinks, environment, and the mudslide dessert is a must try! My favorite pizza was the margherita pizza was thin and flavorful... To die for!
Thin crust pizza is fabulous. The atmosphere is great, service wonderful and the pizza is to die for.
Great music great pizza and great service and great  craft beer lots of TVs and a fun places to bring friends and family  the only place with craft beer in downtown Las Vegas
Absolutely love pizza rock! Amazing food! The staff is awesome. Ricky is a great manager and knows how to treat his customers!
Wow! The food is absolutely delicious. Nice chill environment. Great sports bar. If your in town and you like pizza you got to try this place!
Great pizza by the slice.  Nice light, crispy, airy crust and flavorful sauce. Had a pepperoni slide which was delicious.
Excellent.  Best pizza that we have had in a while and prices were reasonable.  Our waitress kept us taken care of.  We will be back during our stay.
Way over priced and i have had much better pizza in new york city. Lots of better places in Vegas
Nice pizza but way over priced,,.Pleasant server...Do a. Yelp check-in and get 15 percent off total check
Pizza was great! Great atmosphere to go along with the downtown environment! Always something nice rather than your traditional coffee shop or buffet in a area with both casinos. This is a little off the Fremont experience but really enjoyed the environment around. Service was great.
We had a slice of pepperoni each, best Pizza I have ever had FACT. We went back the following day sober and it was still the best pizza slice I've ever had.
A must have: Get the meatballs. Everything about it is delicious!!!! Tried the New Yorker was pretty good. Big slices. I will be back to try other pizzas!
One of the best NY style slices ever. If only they could add green olives and anchovies to the pepperoni slice. For me it's typically sauce, toppings and crust in order of importance however at this place the crust is the star. I'd like to hear more opinions to sync my taste to the "mainstream".
Great f ing pizza!!!  Enough said!!!! The pizza is huge and very tasty!  I have been back 3 times.  One slice will do it!!!
Don't gamble here, the dealers are really rude.  It's dirty and lacks any air flow. Buffet is awful and full of food that tastes like it was previously frozen. I also felt pretty queasy after eating the shrimp. Just avoid, trek down to Main Street downtown.Not really much more to say. It's the same price to gamble in this awful, rundown Vegas failure as it is at New York, New York or the Flamingo.I know where I'd go.
Rapid PickUp is pretty cool! The food is really tasty as well - and everyone smiles a lot there. Which strangely enough, means a lot. Only thing is that I thought it was an organic place. But no. Checked the ingredients and there's all sorts of stuff I can't pronounce in their food. So, can't indulge too often. I try to keep as many chemicals out of my body as possible! But - if you don't care about chemicals, than...it's loverly!
Red Rock is the best. Sam the owner is wild and crazy... And the best! Water is 25 cents a gallon. Free sanitizing of containers. Also offers Alkalized water.
The worst McDonald's in Arizona, orders are always incomplete or wrong. I ordered a frappacino and they did not have whipped cream, or there machine isn't working... BAD SERVICE.....
My new favorite sub shop! Love the ham and salami! I think I've eaten here at least 5 times in the last week when I'm in my office. The staff are super friendly as well!
Great sandwiches, Great service, and the best bread in town!!!!!   Quick and a great location.  I could here every day of the week.
Very good but very tiny restaurant.  Love the chicken curry.  Chicken vindaloo was awesome.
Took a family bike ride here. Good stuff! Friendly staff and great selection!
Best icecream ever!Would definitely recommend this to everyone.They got tons of unique ice cream flavors.My favorite is their grasshopper mint!
Thank you for the great late night treat, it was awesome! We had a "flight" and it was perfect!
Amazing , great place, great customer service , ice cream is the best , glad to see them on Roosevelt row , I shop local and support local , this place is awesome
Whoever thought about this place is a genius! Love their ice cream!!!!! The location, ambience and everything were just perfect. Perfect for Arizona heat. Staff were chill and very friendly too. Will definitely come back to this ice cream shop.
Finally!!! After almost 4 years, have found an excellent white pizza!! No big globs of ricotta, well blended and crust was just right. Nice and garlicky, the way it should be!!
Was here for my husbands birthday with family and friends. Best service from Jerred. Great food...great atmosphere!!! Will be coming back again
Awesome service, great food and drinks, ask for Zack for your special events.  We organized a party of twenty 12 year olds for our daughters 12th Bday party and had half the venue for our group. Will definitely come back for more parties including adult group events.
Best service I've ever had at a fast food place. Thanks Jordan! And of course the food is great as always.
Very good but different! Our server mike was awesome and the manager was really nice! I normally don't like hummus but I tried it there and I couldn't get enough!
Offer the spicy potatoes as a side with sandwiches without up charging! You have done this for me before and I was just told you no longer offer them as a side and if I want them with my sandwich I have to pay an extra $2.50! That's a bit outrageous for some potatoes!!! Bring them back. I love this place but that's enough to turn me away. Especially since my mom is Lebanese and can make this food all day long.
Best hummus in charlotte!! I go there on dates with my fiancé. Sometimes the owner will be there and he comes around and greets everyone! I recommend the lamb kabob
Really great mole and birria.  I also recommend the seafood tostadas.  And I stop by at least 1 to 2 times a week just for their amazing fresh lemonade.
I hear nothing but good things about the food and today is my 2nd time at a Toby Keith's, but wow, these prices are deadly! No lunch specials to boot! I guess it's full-price all day, every day! Food has been great  on both visits but not sure it's worth the price.
Great place! Nice and clean! Quick and fresh Italian food!!Love the pesto I ordered!You could see the chefs in action as they cook and stir your food to the right flavorful taste!!
Closed for renovations. But it does not say when it will re-open.Closed for renovations. But it does not say when it will re-open.Closed for renovations. But it does not say when it will re-open.
Limited activities for a toddler & food selection was not all that. The prices for parties ate a little too much. Overall it was good enough for two hours of play .. My 4year old had a great time. Most of the attendants are high school students that were very friendly.
Kids that work there are MEAN!!! (Well just this one today) Picture posted. OVERALL a NICE TIME. GO EARLY! easy in and out location. Nice that the socks ARE INCLUDED IN THE PRICE.
Way to many rules, & pricy! Could work on the cleaning. The staff was not very engaging & looked bored.
Amazing pool - great for kids and playground and wading pool is great too! It would obviously be best to be an Outremont resident to get a good deal here, but still, it's $5.75 for adults and children for a day-pass. You can bring anything you want on to the deck (snacks, towels, strollers) and there are decent change rooms and showers. The adjoining playground and wading pool make it easy to spend an entire day here, which we often do. Make it a point to visit nearby Van Horne bakery Mamie Clafoutis - definitely not to be missed!
Excellent!  Great service!  Great food!We found this place on Yelp.  It lives up to our expectations.  It is a small mom and pop place.  With food and service like this, it won't stay small long.
Best fried rice on the planet. It's a must try, actually everything is amazing I've tried so far. Green curry, fried rice, Tom yum soup and pat Thai
Love this cafe on Monkland...best lattes in town!! Delicious sweets...they also sell trou de beigne donuts..yumm!
Good old Thriftys ice cream. My bestie & I enjoyed it. Cookies were great! The employee gave us suggestions on which cookie is best with a certain ice cream we picked. It was delicious and we will go back. I ordered and extra brownie cookie to go, yummy!!!
Friendly staff and delicious ice cream sandwiches.  Cookies baked fresh all day.  Love you can make your own combinations.   Root beer floats are great!
Wonderful quaint modern decor is the start to this bakery in disguise top notch service standards and quality
Absolutely amazing and fun time!!! The atmosphere is great.  The owners are very kind and friendly.  They really promote a welcoming environment.  If you are looking for a date or fun night out that is different from the ordinary I would highly recommend this as a choice!!
Omgosh best burger in town. By far. The milkshakes are to die for. The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and the service was excellent. I can't wait to come back!
Delicious food! Fast service! Try the fries and quinoa sides! Even during the mid-week lunch rush we were checked on several times. We'll definitely be back!
Friendly and fast service.  Always feel great afterwards.  This place is a weekly must for my back.  Love the convenience of different locations as well.  Highly recommended.
Love this place! Roland is the BEST! I would highly recommend this place to anyone.  Prices are definitely affordable!
The real number 1 boba The owner Robert makes fresh tea and boba every morning. He is the Mr. Boba. I love their iced milk drinks, so I can still sleep at night. Their smoothies are also very flavorful and fine.
Delicious. Definitely going to become a regular. Prices are quite good as well. I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
Yummy Sushi! The staff is super nice and very helpful! The location is a little hard to find. It faces Maryland Pkwy and it's on the right side of Target.
They raised the prices: lunch is $21 and dinner is $25We came during dinner time around 5pm and there was only one other party. The Asian lady provided fairly slow service but picked up when we got a new waiter.Their nigri is a good deal: they cut their fish in long thin strips on rice which is good to maximize the amount of raw fish received but slightly awkward to dip in sauce and eat. I recommend skipping the pork belly but definitely getting the tower poke.
Great place to eat sushi... protien style!!! Nobody else make the sushi as best...I luv all the sushi menu,, DONOT forget the desert "Black sesame blanc manger!! Very clean and relaxing place to eat with friends and the whole family!!  Very friendly employee!! Always have the Smile.. Thanks
Cute, yummy and affordable! My fave sushi place in Vegas so far. The staff is accomodating and friendly. The sushi are good. The uni and tower poke is a must try. Baked sushi are good too. Nigiri without rice is good as well. This place is cheaper than others but offers good and fresh sushi. Oh try "the shit" appetizer. And FYI, they dont have chirashi on their menu but they made one for me. Plus, they have kids menu.
Place is rad, fair prices, and the Monster Roll RULED! Got in n out quickly, chefs had good attitudes and the music was cool, would definitely go again!
Awesome place, great menu and price. Great service. Little busy during lunch hour, have patience they will bring whatever you order. I like this place a lot, I will definitely come back, this is definitely my new sushi spot in Las Vegas.
Love the all you can eat sushi! Great varieties in different styles and combinations of sushi.
OMG freaking awesome sushi...one of my favorite places hands down...wow...just wow...fish cut is so big and it taste so good
i can go there everyday as long as i can， they make the standards of Japanese restaurant.
That's what I call Sushi. Divine...from service to Quality of food. Location might not Be the greatest, but it's by far one of the greatest sushi place in Vegas.
The fish tastes fresh and the service is really good. We came for our 5 year anniversary and we will be returning way before our 6 year lol
Great sushi place in town...look for chef name "sys" he makes such beautiful  sushi plate..
Best place !!! Love going their people are nice and food is excellent. Best sushi ever
Nadir is the man! You won't regret letting this man cut your hair I promise! Great barbershop great environment I would recommend it to anyone.
Great food, great service. It is nice to have this as a quick stop food option. They have a lot of family and community events once and a while. I dresses like a cow last year on their "cow appreciation" day and got a free meal. I don't see McDonald's doing that
they forgot my clucking sauce!! How am I supposed to eat my chicken without my clucking sauce?! My order was chicken nugs whit some sauce. And not to mention home girl look like she hates her job, don't take that out on me Chick fil A!
I love spicy chicken sandwiches so god damn much but why on earth would the lord let these sandwiches go unavailable on his holiest of days?!?
Not bad.  A little bit high priced.  Sushi is sold as one piece.  The wait for our order was too long,  it wasn't busy.
Excellent and Gluten free. 6 stars. I wish there were places this good in California. Service was great also!
Salmon was pretty good. Nice, fast service. Went on Mothers Day with my daughter and didn't have to wait. Was nice after a long day at work. Sushi was also pretty good and fresh.
Food is good, server was nice and helpful. Would recommend to friends. Clean area and good to watch sports. Price is decent and affordable. Special offer on the spider roll with live soft shell.
The paletas are delicious and under 3 dollars! Friendly service and the people behind the counter will answer your questions. The inside is clean and bright, and there's nice seating outside.
Good service, overpriced food that was flavorless, the server was really nice but ghe would go on bouts where he would disappear for awhile and then bombard you every 10 sec
Lobster Rolls can't be beat!! A Must try!!! Chowder, Shrimp salad sandwich has large shrimp and was wonderful as well. Crab cakes were yummy... Have been back a few times.. So far consistent and love it!
Good food and nice service but nothing special. Filled our seafood fix! The iced tea  was watered down but the hush puppies were fantastic! We heard the other location has better quality food so we may try that one.
Service was the worst I have ever had $72 for our food that was not even that good. Had to keep asking for our drinks.
Love this place, has great equipment and flavors! And great customer service. Everyone is so helpful and the staff knows what they are talking about and the place is very clean
First time there today and I was blown away by their service. I am super picky when it comes to my nails. Both Rene and Mike made sure i was 100% satisfied each step of the process.  Rene did my French gel manicure and mike did my French gel pedicure.
What an awesome manicure and French gel I have!  It's lasting and lasting...I will continue to come here on a regular basis.
I've been going to Cindy for over 10 years, she's the best. She does the best designs. Here's what she did at my last fill.
This place is awesome. Great food, and amazing service! Honestly, I would recommend it to anyone in the area. Great drink specials too!
Awesome service and great food. Need to widen delivery service but no complaints. Love Friday night karaoke. Such a fun place
Best personal pizza I have ever had. "The Chipotle of Pizza." I recommend the Buffalo Chicken and Meaty Italian.
Fire! You are telling me I can put steak on a pizza? Yes please. They have a great concept of building your pie from the sauce up. No extra cost for added toppings makes it a no brainer.
Love the thin crust custom made pizza. Quick and helpful service. Will definitely keep visiting.
Amazing! Absolutely in love! Can pick a million different toppings for a flat rate of $7.95! You can be as creative as you want and every pizza is amazing. I am a huge fan of Fired Pie and will be coming back a million times over. 1 pizza can be spit between two people if you get a salad or something else on the side. Its perfection.
Good pizza, good salads, great place to go. I've came here numerous times and the staff is always friendly and food is absolutely great. The gluten free crust they have is really good as well.
Best waffles ever eaten! We were in an art gallery and overheard two young college students from Tempe talking about the restaurant. Talk about passion for food!  According to the owner they come in once a week or so for a waffle fix.  I understand why.  The owner is personable and the location is small and modern
Awesome chocolate!  A little expensive, but worth it for quality chocolate.  It was hard to pick something because it all looked so good.  If you love fine quality chocolate, it is worth stopping here.
Great service! Clean! Will come back next time I'm in Vegas! Really enjoyed the hot stone massage.
Love this place.  Great service. Very friendly and excellent work! Always get you right in. Fast but good.
Was quoted 45 minutes to an hour, but delivery arrived in thirty minutes- nice!First time ordering anything from China Jade, and I chose delivery, which required a $15 minimum purchase.  Don't know why I assumed delivery would be free- perhaps it's because most places either quote a delivery charge upfront, or offer it free with a minimum purchase.  In any case, delivery was an additional $1.50- whew!  I don't know... something about seeing additional charges when I wasn't expecting any, especially AFTER I've already paid and tipped... Well, it just was a little surprising.  It would be nice to know about these extra charges somewhere on the takeout/delivery menu, yes? I ordered beef lo mein, BBQ spare ribs, and Hot and crispy beef- all very delicious! http://www.yelp.com/biz_user_photos/sYDc1TENwCKLHvprBa5rLw  The noodles were prepared well, not greasy, and the pieces of beef were lean and not sinewy at all; the ribs had a pleasing chew and were tasty, yet not overly-seasoned, nor sloppy/sticky with sauce; and the hot and crispy beef delivered on the crispy (yes!), without being greasy, had slight salty and sweet flavors to it, and the chili oil indeed added a spicy kick, even though the meat was flavorful without it.  (Enjoyed the steamed, yet crispy broccoli that accompanied this entree!)  Thank goodness the lo mein paired well with all the meats, since I am not able to eat rice without risking allergic reactions.I have found my go-to Chinese restaurant!  Hope dining in is just as pleasant.
Absolutely amazing! I would definitely love to again soon. I have no idea how this man gained such an amazing talent!
Truly a unique experience!  How he does it is a mystery to me.  Just amazing!  This is a must see for tourists and locals, so go check it out!
Very entertaining, great show, would recommend to anyone of any age. Frederick was personable and fun to watch.
He is great, awesome and very very good looking in person. 10000+ stars for him with his great effort
I just spent the most mystifing hour that I could imahe. Outstanding fun and amazing, times 4, paranormal demonstrations.
Awesome must see!! It's entertaining from beginning to end. It absolutely amazing, you're in aw the whole time. He's really great with the audience, and has a great sense of humor.
Fun and interesting show.  Rather impressive show of ability and talent. I would recommend seeing this show.
WRONG PHONE NUMBER DOODS!!! We sold the store and they haven't changed it. Our friends who were the managers are constantly getting calls asking for Vape euphoria! Someone tell Bob to change the damn number on this thing!
Always great food relaxing yet festive atmosphere highly recommended! Tuesday tacos are a must
Fire flavors and always satisfied when I come here! Would always come here whenever I need anything.
Better than chipotle. Amazing food. We had the taco special with 2 grilled fish  and 1pig. They were so accommodating. The food was so fresh and plentiful. We also ordered a pig burrito with extra meat. It was enough for 3. I can't wait to go back. The thing that  amazed us was the staff. The owner Christopher made a point to say hello to everyone  while he was busing the tables. Great place.
Delicious food, great service, way cool atmosphere.  Feels like Maui...in Vegas, baby!After sampling the grilled fish, Huli Huli chicken, Pulehu steak, and Kalua pig I chose the Kalua pig Bowl with seaweed rice, award-winning guacamole, and the charred pineapple salsa verde.  I also tried all four of the toe curling sauces.  They are all good, but my favorite one is the coconut colada sauce.  I bought a bottle of each plus a box of the coconut bark to take home.  Everything is tasty - can't wait to go back!
Everything here is delicious!! And they have the friendliest staff around, makes you feel like you're in the islands, for sure! Totally worth driving across town for!!
Excellent food! Great new spot. Had the groupon which made it that much better. Staff was very friendly as well
Good food, good service. The steak was delicious with guacamole. Very reasonable price.
Great food and an even better staff.  They are doing it right here.  You always walk in to a nice warm greeting.  Service is quick and on point.  They never forget to say goodbye, even if they are busy with other customers.
Loved it. Great customer service! Super friendly. Nice place to just come and hang out, relax and eat
Great food. A fresh change. Friendly service. Thank you for the great lunch break. Outdoor seating is welcoming but indoors gets you away from traffic noise. I'll be back.
Really great place, the employees were very nice! My friends & I were new to it & they helped us get accustomed to their food. Will be back very soon. Might even make it a common spot!
The best!  Different from the regular stuff and it's good for you!Way better than chipotle. Get out of line and go!
Save your money and go to costco!We had the Braut pretzel dog, overloaded with sauerkraut, enough for three dogs. Don't get the salad, no dressing, don't get the coleslaw, also no dressing. Just don't go!   Also the fried pickles were burnt, burnt like you hate your job burnt.
Great place for one drink.  Why one drink? Cause you only see your server once. We waited almost 15 min before we got our drink order then saw her only once.  Really excited to see a gourmet hot dog place with cocktails but the whole service of our server made it a bad experience.
Love this place. Mac Daddy and the Lady are my two favorites. Try one of the local brews with your meal while you're at it!
Great hot dogs with interesting toppings and even better doughnuts. The quality of the hot dog is bar none and you get Naan bread instead of a bun which works great
This is a cool place downtown for some delish dogs and donuts! I recommend anything in a pretzel roll, but the flat bread is good too.
Small space with a big patio- Great food, unique menu, and friendly service.Tasty!Highly recommend stopping in for lunch or dinner.It's great to see a start up from a food truck doing so good. Can't wait to try their dessert next time
Love this new med spa!!! The staff is very friendly and really make you feel comfortable. They explained all procedures and answered all my questions. I recommend this med spa.
OMG soooo delicious!!!! Seriously yummy!!! If you LOVE Cocos check this place out!!! Prices are awesome, staff is friendly and the food is sooo delicious!!! We just moved here and this is on our Fav. List!!!
In the words of Jimmy Fallon, "They are so Ewww!"  I have given them 2 tries and I'm still not a fan.  Their burgers are not suitable for human consumption.
In the words of Jimmy Fallon, "They are so Ewww!"  I have given them 2 tries and I'm still not a fan.  Their burgers are not suitable for human consumption, unless you enjoy slop on a bun.
Excellent as always.  Doesn't get any better.  Order the #1 or #2, either way don't forget to get the chili cheese fries.
Haven't had Tommy's in forever! So glad I found one here in VegasGreat super indulgent burger joint. I'll be back
This is a big store. Friendly efficient staff. Great atmosphere. But man took almost 15 minutes for a handcrafted drink. They need more baristas
The place is huge! I always find a spot to sit at and do business paperwork! Staff is friendly... Lot's of regulars here! It's opened late too!!
Nice place Always a pleasure to have food at this place I don't miss the Indian flavor and I love their new menu Keep it up
My experience was awesome, got lots of tasty food for a great price.  Have had both the chicken and steak bowl.  Service is always friendly and quick when I go.  I like the containers they use, easy to reheat cause the portions are so big.
Crazy Good!!! This place is worth the drive. Be prepared as you can't just try one!  All served hot and fresh, favorite is hard to say but the sweet & salty was amazing!
Everything is always mediocre.The food, the service, the atmosphere.We usually order the medium and the spicy garlic with a side of ranch.On the bright side the beer is cold and decently priced.They need to rally around their staff to get them more pumped up!
Excellent food and service.  We will be visiting this place often. I had the beef kabob lunch special with grilled veggies, rice, side soup, and salad. My fiancé had a yogurt marinated chicken, jasmine rice, pickled turnips, and a yogurt garlic dipping sauce for the chicken, which was delicious with the beef as well. It's quant, but they have TVs and outdoor sitting as well.
Love their food and courtesy to customers  :) Especially the shawarma chicken is awesome. Also the Baba ganush dip has nice smoky flavor of eggplant. Truly a must try place.
Really nice quality secondhand, and you can sell here too! They have clear rules about what you can bring in, so the place isn't overloaded with fast fashion cast offs. Clean and bright and stylish with lots of cozy sweaters in the winter and little dresses in the summer and a pretty big collection of on trend boots and shoes in the back.
Please don't go this place employees are very unkind and very slow as well. And coffee Frappuccino that I always have at Starbucks but at this place don't wanna taste again
Prompt, professional work. You won't regret using their service. They were very flexible and eager to satisfy me as a customer. They will be my first call the next time I need a locksmith.
The cookies are amazing!  The pizza is really good too. I love the big outdoor patio-perfect night to sitOutside b
Archie is now at a new location, they are located at a place that has gone through four other franchises in four years! Takes a lot of guts to make this move. I was never that impressed with them at their old location, this is why I have only been their a couple of times. But recently the wife and I had breakfast there. It was great! I had their bacon, egg, cheese , and bagel sandwich. Very good, going to have it again. Also shared the cinamon apple pancakes. I will never know why I always want to try this special pancakes when I just love the plains! But this was good anyway.  ,Make sure you're hungry, lot's of food, and great dessert.
Amazing amazing! Going back for more. Had the pepperoni and mushroom pizza with Caesar salad, Buffalo wings and the hummus.. Omg delicious..
Dreadful, offensively bad! Soggy naan, tough chicken, soggy pakora! Just total crap! It was a quiet Friday night and i decided a curry would be nice. I went on just eat and near the top was this place. So ordered I did.Was told it was be 45 minutes....ok, 90 minutes later the god arrived. And well it was crap, waste of money!
Gave it another chance. Pretty spot on! Way to go!Mac and cheese is the bomb!Good service.Easy views on tv's. Definitely come back again.
Terrible. F.   Expensive, long wait, screwed up order and wasn't any good.  More lettuce than beef. Watched them mess up two orders ahead of me.
Loved the food. Visiting from USA and had pizza salad and bruschetta all delicious. Also within walking distance from the Marriott where we were staying. Going back tomorrow to try the yummy looking fish and chips.
I absolutely love this place Hannah is the best!!! Great customer service  very clean. They even serve mimosas. If your in the area and in need of some pampering this is the place
Great quick service! Fed ex USPS ups notary fax copy! Easy location off of Las Vegas and blue diamond. Definitely will be back. Nice couple owns it
Best menudo in town great food ,great service menudo blanco the best.  Like a salsa I have only seen here called salsa Sinaloa.  Very good
Awesome shop Chris the owner always takes care of me..check it out ill be worth it..if your trying quit smoking such a great alternative
A cheap & healthy meal at the airport...Spicy Minestrone Soup, just a little over $4.00 (after taxes).  Service was "ok," but we're sort at the mercy of these people being stuck at the airport, right? Thankfully the soup was tasty and filling, so it head me over till my flight.
The best host is Miguel . Just impress which he could work at my store . Most clever personality. He helped me with everything I needed
Great food and great service! I ordered the bagel sandwich and my friend tried their oatmeal...delish!
845 and the posted hrs say 9pm. Just told me it's closed. Really?  Good riddance! How are you still open?
So much fun in this place! Like any business, ups and downs can and do happen. As a patient and employee, I have the benefit of experience on both sides of the table. We strive for patient excellence, every day, for our patients, both from our community and our own team. Come see me, I get it all, good-bad-and everything in between! Reading through some of these other reviews, I am simply proud so many others have good experiences in our office, THANK YOU ALL FOR SUCH KIND WORDS!!!
Quick friendly service, clean facility , services expertly performed. Rice on oil changes can't be anywhere in Las Vegas highly recommend
Excellent service fast and affordable recommend 2ne1I was in and out within 20 minutes tops. They have a pretty decent waiting room too. They have TV with cable water and clean bathroom. I will definitely come back for future oil change. Keep up with a good job and keep the cost down for us common people thank you
Very honest only will get my oil changed at a superior tire location. Great service they don't try to upsell you
Very good.  Something South Park, much less Charlotte, needed.  Good Asian food with nice presentation.
Excellent Japanese food/sushi. Excellent service. Lovely and warm ambiance. The calamari is amazing and tender. The chili edamame was delicious and the wild mushroom Kamamashi pot is a must clean and earthy. Salmon belly was exquisite. We will be back
Wonton soup is terrible. I don't know what I expected for mall food but yuck. Broth tasted gamey and the wontons themself just looked bad. Couldn't even bring myself to try one.
Bring extra water. Nice little scramble toward the summit. 2 hours round trip. I made the hike fine in my gym shoes but only because I didn't have any hiking shoes. Next time I'll wear something with a thicker, more sturdy sole.
Love all pre cooked food it's just so expensive! My salads always seem to be like $15 which is crazy. I'm crazy so maybe that's the reason I go back lol
Donuts are a 5.   Drive thru and wait times are horrible.   Total cluster f$&kIt should not take 25 minutes to get through a drive throughThe people are nice but their process is so inefficient
I have to drive past two dunkin' donuts to get to Bosa. It's worth it. Variety of any big donut place. Coffee, breakfast & lunch sandwich, tons of donuts.
Great doughnuts, coffee and sandwiches. You can eat three meals here if you needed. The maple bar is amazing, and grab whatever is fresh for a warm treat.Very charitable, so inquire about support for your charity when they are not too busy. Enjoy.
Fresh, delicious, cheap!! So yum!  If you're looking for a fresh tasty meal, and like Asian, this place rocks.  And the frozen yogurt is t bad either, although watch out as you will probably spend more on desert then your meal!!!
As Mary Poppins would say, Row House Cinema is,"Practically perfect in every way."If you are looking for the best date night of your life, then I have you covered. Firstly, go to Atlas Bottle Works, attached to the movie theater, grab yourself and your significant other, a delicious craft beer, and have them rapid chill it at the cashier.Secondly, take your perfectly chilled beer 3 sidewalk cracks down to Smoke, and enjoy some delicious artisan tacos.Thirdly, retrace your tracks back to Atlas, go downstairs and belly up to their tucked away bar, and have one of their friendly pint slingers poor you a cold local beer, and don't worry, they never seem to tire of talking about the awesomeness of good beer.Fourthly, mosey on upstairs to the theater to enjoy one of your favorite classic movies. And since you're passing through Atlas, you might as well grab another cold one for the show.Lastly, now that the movie is over what is there to do? Not much. You're only in one of the best areas in Pittsburgh. If you can't find a good place to have a nightcap on Butler street, then I can't help you.Boom. Best date night or bro night ever. You're welcome.
Excellent service. Friendly nail techs! Affordable and they did a nice job. It's a best kept secret in North Scottsdale.
Meh , slow , indifferent service.  Food was bland , beer was good    The bathroom attendant was unexpected and kind of odd considering the type of place it is.     Sorry cant recommend this one
Savannah is awesome keep it up thank you for a great time  awesome atmosphere good people
Great curry. Nice decor. Dark and romantic. Good pricesWorking nights, tired of fast food, drive by this place every day since opened a few months back, time to try it.  Quite a surprising place, really.  A small strip mall around the corner from work, next to a tattoo parlor and coffee shop.  The inside certainly does not reflect the outside, it is all very modern and swanky (that's right), yet still quite comfortable.  Was not very busy when I went in, but I have seen the parking lot stacked on weeknights.Service was great.  Hostess and waitress both happy to answer questions.  I had chicken curry, did not get the spiciest way they make it (I think an 8 out of 10), and it gave me a little sweat on the brow, good stuff.  It is a fusion restaurant, so they have all kinds of other cool dishes I want to try.Prices were about normal for dinner at a regular Thai restaurant, but dirt cheap considering how nice it looked, my meal was right under $10.Definitely try it, even the name is cool.
This place is so cute and has a great selection. The owner is very helpful too. They have a variety of casual and dressy maternity clothes. Plus if you're looking for something in particular you can follow them on Instagram. They post new items and you can message her or call the store for her to look for what you're looking for. For example if you specifically want black pants give her a ring and she'll let you know what she has. Definitely happy I found this cute gem.
Lovely walk with fantastic Edinburgh views. Take a hike around Holyrood PArk, See the lochs and old monestary ruins and enjoy the fantastic view accross the city!
Love them!!! Yum! Great people and what's best that taking a fresh pizza home? Salads are awesome too! Never ordering delivery again
Expensive and it will give u the water shits, the service was ok but I will never go to this place .
Absolutely amazing!! Best philly in town! Every time I go to the mall I have to stop. Now I only wish they would open one outside of the mall in the northwest! Yummmmm
Great service. Great food. Sushi or grill both are good. Catipillar roll is amazing. Sashimi is fresh.
Rip Off!  Worst experience ever!  They wanted 3 of my phones, my iphone 5, my iphone4 and my EVo, just to trade for 32gigs of memory.  What a joke!!!
Great customer service. Fixed my 4S screen in under an hour and it looks like new! I will for sure use them again. Highly recommended:-)
Fast service to replace my broken LG3 screen. Thank you! As soon as I stepped in the store, Carl looked at my phone and immediately gave me a price and time to wait for it to be replaced.
These guys are AWESOME.  I will not go anywhere else EVER. Thanks guys you rock.I have taken my ipad and my cell phone both for new screens. They are knowledgeable and above all very polite and fast.
I brought in two iPhones to be repaired. Received a quote over the phone and when I arrived the attendant remembered our interaction from earlier. Great service very minimal wait... And great prices for repairs!
Love the place! So friendly, and they definitely make the money worth it! I'm not a fan of beans, but because of this place, I love beans now. Their dishes are a good enough portion for two. I get the CC Sizzle Nachos, but the rest of the CC Sizzle dishes are just as delicious. It just depends on your preference on how you want to eat it, whether in a burrito, tacos, etc... Great place! Went there on its first opening, and I come back all the time!
like drinking fire. Not smooth at all. Even Bacardi is better. Cute atmosphere. But the product isn't drinkable. It taste like rubbing alcohol.
They were not very friendly or inviting. My nails were not done well & they did not seem to care about the quality of work.
Great shop,  friendly and helpful staff and a great atmosphere.  They have a great selection of juice and mods.
Amazing!!! I felt like I was back at home. Only place besides Detroit that got the chili and the ranch right!-Scottsdale
If you know what real coneys should taste like this is the place to hit hands down. They have everything you would get in a coney from Detroit from faygo pop to better made chips.
AMAZING!!! I love this place! Great food,great people,great experience! I love the food here, it reminds me of home so much! The workers here are so courteous and offer a very warm welcoming. Of course the food is great and you get a lot for your money that's for sure! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
Great coney's! Just like back home. Been coming since we found out about it and we're never disappointed. Staff and owner are wonderful and welcoming.
EAT HERE! Amazing, genuine, authentic, memorable, and just outright great! If it's an Original coney you're after, this place will exceed your expectations by far. The best tasting coney dogs, hand cut French fries, Vernors, and get this; Faygo Red Pop in glass bottles! It's a dream I tell ya! I bought the T-Shirt!
Great homemade food. Great service. Awesome coneys, gyros and burgers. All burgers are ground on site, incredibly fresh!
I've never been so excited to eat in my life. This was so delicious! The owner was so sweet and it was super packed. Which showed that it definitely is a good restaurant! And it's around the corner from me:)
Delicious! Friendly staff. Quick lunch service. Good Food. Good priceI got the gyro. Flavourful & Juicy
As always Dave served up the best coneys and had superman ice cream today!   Great burgers and made to order frys.
moving to tempe just to live closer to this joint. loved the food! top notch burgers and coneys. get the red faygo
Good food. People were really nice! Customer service was great. Food was pretty good. Never been to Detroit, so I can't really compare.
Very very good , fries are damn good to compliment some very tasty dogs and burgers. Gotta get the hot dogs I think they are unique and have a different taste compared to traditional Vienna
It's the southwest corner, behind a U-Haul place that used to be a gas station. You might miss it. When you drive in it doesn't look promising. A 711, tattoo shop, and liquor store are all in this very small shopping center.I walked in and it was small. 4 tables that seat 4 and 1 table that seats 2. Very small. I went there for one thing, a Mexican hot dog. The kind you see in parking lots, with their little carts on a Friday/Saturday night. But thankfully, this place was an actual restaurant! I didn't have to battle the winds or sun.They have two selections La Reyna hot dog $4.00 and Sonoran hot dog $3.00.  I went ahead and got both. I'm not sure which was which but I believe the Sonoran hot dog had the bacon, onions (grilled or fresh) and mayonaisse on it which was my favorite! It was spicer, they both had beans, guacamole, diced tomaotes and goat cheese sprinkled on top. The bread is amazing like the previous person said! They heat them up on the grill and it has this fluffy light texture to it. The dog's are served with a grilled chili and if you want, french fries. I went ahead and got the french fries with one and glad I did. They're the crispy outside but mushy inside that I like! If your eating in you get a basket of chips and salsa, so this was a lot of food for just one person. The green salsa was in hourse made. I say this because it had that not quite blended completly look, the long strings of jalapeno and tomatos were in there. I also saw large tomatos and chili's on the grill. At first I didn't know why there was a lot of fresh veggies on the grill, did they run out of counter space? But I realized later that they were grilling it to make more salsa.The service was really nice. A young boy about 14/15yo took my order (the son) and the daughter 15/16yo asked a couple times if everything was okay. When I walked in there were a few tables that had baskets and used items on the table. But when I sat down to eat in, the girl quickly cleaned up the tables and asked if she can wipe down my table saying it was a little sticky. It wasn't to me but it was nice to have a clean table cleaned again. There was no trash cans to dump your stuff, which explained the dirty tables. They pick up the trash after you leave.They had torta's, breakfast burriots, but I'm not sure what else because all I was interested in was the hot dogs. :]
Awesome! I tried at taste of Madison, best food! Gluten free options allows me to enjoy a few carbs lol
Great service, great food, great people. Also halal options. Excellent thai food. If you are in Vegas  good place to eat.
The food was satisfying but not impressive. The service was slow and inattentive.Edited to add: Leftovers the next evening was delicious. I don't know if it was because it was halal but the food held really well. The veggies stayed crisp and the sauce light. Pretty good but the service was still a little inattentive last night. The host/waiter was on their phone.
Get the honey chicken wings!!! Just do it. You'll thank me for it. They also gave us Bulgogi sliders for free, which were excellent. Japchae was also delicious. The staff was great and very on top of our table. The food came out so fresh, most times we had to wait for it to cool down a bit before we could even try it. This is a great restaurant with a great atmosphere, service and food.
It's the best you can find. Good food. Taste great. Make you feel like you're on a different country.
Gluten free buns for the burgers, great fries,   And outdoor seating. Prices are fair and on the 21st of each moth they donate a percentage of their take to a local charity.
Best burger i had in months.try the thai , apple cider and barbeque sauces next time you go there!
Really good , loved all the dips , my kids scarfed the chicken tenders down :) wish we would of found this place before we move .
Fantastic lunch!  Wonderfully friendly people.  Food is marvelous with great sized proportions and a lunch deal from 11:30 to 3:00.  We ordered the chicken fried rice, Phad Kaprow (fantastic!!!), Pad Thai with chicken (amazing!!), and the Orange Chicken.  I have always rated Thai restaurants by the taste of their Pad Thai and this restaurant lived up to my picky tastes.  Wan and Tom were the most pleasant hosts.  We will definitely come back!
The green curry was the best I've ever had, even gives the option for how spicy the curry can be
Delicious food in large portions for a great price! Staff is very friendly and attentive as well!
one of Ahwatukee's best Love this place - try the BLTa
Food was very tasty and in large amounts perfect size to share. The Sicilian sandwich was delicious which I recommend
My new favorite chicken quesadilla! Super fresh and flavorful, with just the right amount of everything. Needs a little hot sauce, but that's true with all food as far as I'm concerned. I'll definitely be back for another, probably later this week. :-)
Great Chicken, Great ambience. Good player in the Montreal chicken scene! I would definitely come back.
Loved it. Chicken was amazing and super cheap! The hot sauce was outstanding. It was a bit of a wait outside in the cold but we'll worth it. We will definitely come back for more.
Great food with a smile !!!!Such unique combinations and quick!!!!Can't wait to come back!!!!!
Delicious Persian food. As well as Iraqi menu. Nice ambience. I totally recommend this restaurant. Specially Iraqi Kebab.
Delivery is freaky fast-----lettuce wraps also freakin good! Try them!! Less carbs and healthier for you! I recommend trying them!
Always great place for meeting...great food and service for value.. has a nice conference room sized meeting room with all your a/v and e-communications needed.
Wow I was impressed at the speed of this place I was literally in out and on my way. The place is in a strip mall. Nothing to impressive but it was clean and the employees were nice. It's close to my house so I'll be coming back soon.
Had the time of my life- best weekend for a bachelor party. They attended our party very quick and everyone was very polite. The drinks were great and affordable. Best bottle service. Will be returning every time!
Bad Ass Daniel!!!!   Great bar and great music. Nice looking peps. If you know what I mean...  I wish I could write more but I need to get back to the drinking and dancing.
Grrr no green tea yogurt.  The girl at the counter was so sweet and nice and she told me that they would not bring the macha green tea to the Vegas location.So I guess the only place I can get it is when I go back to LA since they have it there. (Sad Face)  But I still have Jamba Juice so I can suffer for just a little bit. lol
Great place.  Good food.  Commendable service.  Friendly.  Will be going back there again soon.  The place is is clean and atmosphere fun.  13 big tvs to see your team play.    Attire is casual and noise level is appropriate.
Best prices around. No joke. Great selection.& the staff is very knowledgable. I make a special trip when I'm in town, since I live in Cali. I also have and still do refer my friends to this place.
Best supplement store in Las Vegas they have everything you need!! Every time I go in there is always someone that can help me. This place NEVER fails to have exactly what I need. Sometimes I leave with things that I don't even need.
We finally checked out Buzz'n Brush at The Orleans. What a great time Mari and I had. They have a unique program were everyone has a good time. They have a planned painting that they teach you to paint. You learn about brushes and how to use them. I was really surprised how good the pictures turned out. They have a full bar, pizza ovens and a wild staff that loves to have fun. If you looking for something fun to do, call them and set up a time. My next visit will be with a group, I think it would be a hoot to make an event of the activity. We even learned a new dance. Yes booze, food, music fun and you walk away with a painting. What more can you ask for? What a great time. You have to try it. The staff is bananas.
Nick and Andrew were the shit me and my group hade a blast we definitely be back soon
Régressif à souhait avec tout ce sucre ! Miam miam. Il manque peut être un peu plus de choix. Car au final que deux pâtisseries. Même si il y avait plusieurs parfum différent. Un peu plus de variétés ne ferait pas de mal. Il y a aussi une partie café mais pour le coup je ne l'ai pas encore testé. Quelques tables pour déguster le tout. Nous avons donc tester le gros "Oreo" d'après la vendeuse. La pate sablé au chocolat était faite avec du beurre salé. Attention sa peut surprendre ! Et la crème à l'intérieur manquait peut être d'un peu de sucre.
I went here for a massage today and there are very friendly people here. Enjoyed the massage but asked for a deep tissue and got a Swedish. Was hoping to get these knots out. Since they were so friendly I'm giving a 5 but on the massage I give a 4.
Just OK. Way too expensive for the mediocre food you get. There's not much else to say. I would say Cracker Barrel is three times better and five times cheaper. Also, slow kitchen here.
Good but overpriced.  Spent $36Same as IHOP where I spend $20 for 2 people.Service was excellent and buttermilk pancakes were amazing
Super relaxing! Don't live in the area but would drive out again to see Kim! Great location!
Best nail place ever! Very clean and friendly. This is the only place I get my nails and pedicures in Phoenix!
Hotel is very nice and the staff is very helpful.  Restaurant and pools are nice.  Fooe for thought restaurant is excellent rib eyes and customer satisfaction and service is number one.
Phenomenal!!! Great service, great price, clean and delicious hookah. ~yelp wants more wants more words so um im putting more words
We just had the best day in the Grand Canyon with Sunshine tours. The staff were lovely. Andrew our helicopter pilot was such a great person. We were treated as individuals and we felt safe.
Great sushi. Great service. Love it. It's best for you to come here with a big family. I guarantee that your kids would love it here. All the kids here enjoy the shows provided by the chefs. Great quality food and service.
Had great service and reasonable price.  Mike did my work and is good.  He arrived when he said and had a complete mobile shop to meet my lock needs.  He fixed an antique lock with a hard to find part and worked on about 4 other locks with great results
good selection of pasteries. Love this place great selection of sandwiches! It's tiny so going when it's crowded is not a good idea! Love love the selection of food!
Great Enchiladas awesome chimichangas great chips and salsa get the red salsa very delicious great place for lunch and dinner
Totally agree about the rude office staff.  Took my father there and was treated like one of so many cattle.  When I stood in front of the receptionist to schedule after waiting forever, she gave me a death-stare - and said they would call us to schedule.  My dad was shocked! And guess what?  Five days later, they still haven't called us to schedule his next appointment. Ugh.Oh - called them today and it turns out they had ignored my instructions and called him, not me, and he had forgotten (which is why they were supposed to call me).   Once again, office staff was rude on the phone.  Then I found out that he has THREE more appointments to get this procedure done.  It's like dealing with the DMV, except with nicer chairs.
Great stuff and nice staff!Loved this little place with all the cool stuff - bought two items here that I didn't even think existed - darn - I thought I could invent them.The prices seemed a little on the high side, but because of the specialty and uniqueness of the items - it seems fine!Though the place was small - it had a lot in it and the staff were some of the nicest folks I've met!
Extremely welcoming and knowledgeable staff! Nice atmosphere as well. We arrived early, so we had the whole place to ourselves for a while. The staff was very friendly in assisting us with our decisions.
No one likes going to emissions but this place isn't bad.  I've never had to wait long here.  The staff and service is great for an emissions center.  There's a third party DMV right next door so you can get your tags when you're done here!The location is tucked away on the side street so it can be hard to find.
Love this place! Local cafe with great food and coffee. The french toast is amazing, but so is everything else. It's kid friendly and low key.
Super friendly staff!This location just opened near my home, and we are so glad! We've been in a few times, once on a very busy football day and then on a slower weeknight. Both times we received fast, accurate service and the wait was never long.I like that we get to watch our pizza being made right in front of us.  The directions to bake are easy to understand and follow.  The pizza is delicious.  We've had pretty much everything they have on the menu over the years.  The cinnamon dessert wheel is great too.  The prices are more than the hot and ready pizza across the way, but it is in line for the quality and variety of pizza you get.  We are Papa Murphys fans, and we'll be back again!
Very friendly and helpful staff! Food is always made right and tastes good. They offer gluten free pizza and a great selection of toppings.
Always nice and attentive. Love this little corner of the store!My chai tea lattes are always perfect and tasty. Consistently good. It's nice to be able to shop with a latte. Highly recommended.
Fast and great service from workers. Drinks were amazing and some best around. They were very polite to us and actually seemed to like their jobs. Made it comfortable to order even with the huge rush of people they had there.
Good food but service was not. Might be back.  There was a woman at the bar that should have been cut off. Was very loud. The place was clean
I'll go back if only for the man candy!!! Awesome!!! Also had the bacon tuna Cobb sandwich and bacon burger..all was good!!
Amazing time! Great deals on holiday gifts and decor. Plus mimosas & chocolates!? Couldn't have had a better idea myself!
There's a delivery fee which they never informed me when I made the order. I was short of cash so I checked the total price with a calculator to make sure I have enough cash, but it turns out there's a $3 delivery fee that I've not been informed of. I like the food but I'm disappointed at their service both inside the restaurant or delivery(it usually takes 1.5 hour for the food to arrive and as you can guess the food has almost entirely cooled down, which is never good for a Chinese meal). The service on site was a nightmare for me. Above all, the food is very good.
Frisch, lecker, freundlich, sauber!!!! Sehr empfehlenswert!!! Volle 5 Sterne für das beste Restaurant in Karlsruhe.
Hello, gorgeous! Love the smash chicken and service with a smile. Food and service are great.
Awesome place.... Best kept Italian secret!!Ran in here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised food was awesome, staff was super friendly and helpful for us newbies!! Thanks!!!
Better than kuma. X10 the flavors are so much more on point and it doesn't taste like gelatin or whatever binder they use for the snow ice.
My Order: Black sesame sensation (black sesame, mochi, condensed milk), added strawberries, fruity pebbles, yogurt chipsPRO's: - Tasty! Creamy!- Great price for amount received- Next to great Monta Ramen restaurantCON's: - Limited parking at high peak times (dinner; weekend)- Wished that they would put more condensed milk into my order
Nice dessert after dinner. The mucho mango is good. Will try it the next time I come back to Vegas. Time to get 10 and get 1 free
Great place, new owners are fabulous. Service is great and shaved yoghurt is wonderful
Delicious! Their unique ice cream texture revolutionizes the ice cream industry. This is the place to be for an awesome dessert!
This place is phenomenal!!! They made my last day of the trip the best day! I was so indecisive but the girl let me try almost all types of snowflake. They have great customer service here.
Our go to place for snowflake ice! Always great customer service. My 5 yr old loves the mango and I like the green tea.
Great service, excellent food!My children love it and would rather go here than any other pizza joint!  Service is excellent and 'kids eat free' on Sundays.  Love this place!
Closed at this location.  Dont know if the other lication is still open or not.  They wanted to make this a tip because it was so short but I guess I have to type a whole bunch of stuff to get the YELP system to realize that this location is CLOSED.
The food and service from Aaron was awesome.  Had the family feast and it is a ton of food and all of it perfect.
Just love this place, best southern in town!!Luv their fried chicken n fried bbq chicken sandwich my hubby just adore the beef ribs :)
I have thoroughly enjoyed my facial treatments(so far chemical peel, Collagen facial and micro)with Teresa.  She is very knowledgeable when doing her skin analysis and knew exactly what to do to take care of my concerns.  Her microdermabrasion machine is like no other.  Love the Vitamin and Mineral oxygen infusion that is part of her micro treatment.  I have seen amazing results with my series that I have started.  Look forward to going to my appointments. I would refer Ageless Skin Studio to anyone wanting personalized facial treatments either for comfort or concerns.  This studio is located in Salon Boutique which is next to Total Wine & More
If you're from the Midwest and miss the custard, you'll love this place!  The smoothest, creamiest ever.
Yum!! Love the Italian ice, just like I had growing up on Long Island. We had chocolate, mango and strawberry.
Seriously. Go. Eat all the ices. Especially the cantaloupe. So amazing. The staff was extremely nice.
DELICIOUS pizza and homemade pasta!!!  Great beer selection. Homemade chips and bacon candy were great appetizers. Great service too!  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I thought it was a bit overpriced considering the portion sizes and the fact that no sides came with the pasta I ordered although I will say the pizzas were big enough.  Overall, I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.
You must experience eating and drinking here.Bacon Candy followed by Margherita pizza, accompanied by Belgian beer. Thats the combo, people. Can't go wrong.
Great service! Very nice atmosphere as well! I just walked in and got my pedicure right away. Definitely going to go there every time I visit Vegas!
Eyebrow wax was on point! The strip mall it's in is hilarious though lol! The lady who helped us was quiet but polite and accommodating.
Have to get my groom on! This lady's know what they're doing. Very friendly staff and fast service.
The best Taiwanese restaurant in town period!They handmade the noodle in the house. The beef noodle soup is huge!! The price really reasonable(cheaper than I though).
Don't like the manager, he is very rude to his customers. Henry says they don't use msg, but last time I saw the chef ask somebody to bring some msg.. The noodle is flat and thin than before.
Awesome place. Good songs! Nice and clean rooms! And very nice staff! I always come here. It's better than all the other karaoke places in town. They update their list monthly. I'm about to bust out in some Disney songs. :3
Great place to come with friends to drink and have a good time highly recommended! Brought my friends here and they loved it!
The popcorn is delicious! So so so delicious! Popcorn for the win! Except for the carmel corn, but I'm diabetic. This is my fault, not thiers though.
Nice ambience! Good food! Love the salad! Excellent service by the staff! Will be back here soon!
Love the happy hours and the drinks!! I love the food here, it's a very friendly place to chill!!
Best karaoke in town and great environment!! Everything from their alcohol til their food is amazing!!!
This place is right near my house which is great!  It's funny everyone I talk too asks me where the heck it is.  It's located in an industrial park behind the Fudruckers with a little sign that says beer out front.  What more could you want?  It has no food much like a few of the other tap rooms in the area.  They do have a food truck on Friday, but you can order pizza and have it delivered.  I'm not sure how I didn't think of that.  The ladies that work behind the counter serving beer are all extremely nice and friendly while you are hanging out and enjoying your beer.  They even do a yoga class there which is pretty unique.  The beer selection is varied.  They make the beer for Papago so they have those beers, their beers and guest beers on tap so there should be something for just about everyone.  The real standout for me is the Rice Pudding Porter.  It is my favorite porter by a large margin with it's almost Chia Tea like quality.  Is they have the Grapefruit Radler get a 1/2 and 1/2 of it and the Magic in the Ivy IPA.  It's one of the best summer beer drinks you can have.Try:Rice Pudding PorterRadler + magic in the ivy
They fixed my screen quickly at a fair rate. 10 out of 10. Friendly and knowledgable staff
Bone marrow appetizer is excellent, better than the one from The Cut.  However, they run  out of Wagyu and will not have it for a few days.  This is a steak house so how do you run out of the you top steak?  i ordered a ribeye instead. it was cooked perfectly but if I'd wanted that, I could  have stayed in NY and not travel here.
Food was good, not great.  Overpriced and service was just so so.  We expected much more. We are locals and would most likely not return.
Amazing food and amazing service. Best bday dinner EVER! Kobe skirt was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The brussel sprouts with bacon... Freaking awesome. The warm chocolate pie... I have no words!!!Go early (I went at opening and thoroughly enjoyed myself). Anthony was an amazing server!
Over priced and over spiced. Don't waste your time or money. Major disappointment. Enough said. Weak service and weak selections.
Fantastic service, greeted immediately. Food was delicious. Pictures to follow. P.S. Order brown gravy with the french fries, you will love it!
Awesome, amazing, professional, personal. Need I say more? You just need to try it! Stevie has got it coming on and she has a surprise coming for everyone in the next few weeks... You'll love it!
Perfect!  Great breakfast! No complaints!Pretty busy morning, but the staff kept us full and happy! I enjoyed my corn beef and hash with eggs...something you don't find on the menu at all restaurants. The only complaint I had was the d-bag behind me...who complained about everything in his life. Having D-bags for customers is no fault of the restaurant so no dedctuctions of points there.
Perfect for lunch. Fast n delicious. The curries are good. You can choose three with bread and rice.
If ur hungry Go elsewhere Food portions are very small Not worth the $$$Service is not very attentive as it should beWaitress Mayon never returned
Elijah did an amazing job remodeling my pizzeria. We upgraded to flat screen TV's and he mounted them for us even building custom mounts. He knocked out a pony wall opening up the dinning room area. And has completed mosaic tile on one accent wall and a can't wait to see the rest. And in the process of relocating the soda machine to the front for more convenience. I would hire Elijah to do work at either of my pizzerias or at my home any day.
Poor service and out of products. The donut I did get was stale. This is my second bad experience here so I thought I would warn the masses.
Opens at 6 am. Not busy and everything looked and smelled fresh.One morning we decided to just stay in and relax.  So, the morning called for a couple of bagels.  Everything Bagel, Cinnamon Raisin Bagel and Halla bagel.  I drove the few miles and walked in really early.  There was no one in line and I was immediately helped.  I made my order from one employee, paid another and received my bagel from yet another.  So, there was obviously some sort of miscommunication as they gave me a wrong bagel.  I know it's not the end of the world but I just wanted to bring it to attention.  So, that is why I gave it 2 stars.  I'm sure I'll be back sometime.
Everyone is so nice. They have a positive team effort. Its nice. I love bagels. I have been back to this Einstein in particular because of the great service. I also must mention this is the only location with a drive thru, so Im sure this is why the business flows much better. I will definitely be coming back.
Thank you for always brewing fresh coffee. Friendly service here and I love bagels of any kind. My favorite the asparagus egg white bagel!! Yummy.
New management, with better quality of foods! Even isn't AYCE, a la carte menu is valuable and it's delicious!Just missed Happy hour of beer and sake, on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday only, so we will try again!
Waited a million years to be seated. Food comes out slow thanks to slow service and wanting to save money on all you can eat sushi.
I absolutely love this place...the bartenders rock and the food is superb! I would recommend this place to anyone in the GV area.
Great food. Great service the servers don't miss a beat!  Sammie the hostess was friendly and our server Mandy  was on top of her game with service!
Great food. Great service the servers don't miss a beat! Was a great meal and will continue to go back!
Best Tonkatsuya in Vegas! Must try the Katsu sandwich!! The place is clean and conform,good service!
Omg!  Their curry is the bomb!  The katsu rocks.  Their sauces are homemade and delicious.
Simply best donkatsu I've had it so far :) It is small restaurant with few tables. So pick a good time to dine in!
Amazing, light and delicious.  The pork katsu curry was to die for. The restaurant was clean, the table wasn't sticky like most. The staff was friendly and dressed up for Halloween.  I dumped too many sesame seeds in my bowl, will do less next time.
A little pricey for my budget, but well worth it!  I called for a same-day appointment, as a new client and the front desk staff was quick to accommodate.  The retail area is well-stocked and the staff knowledgable on products. Remington, my dog, was greeted and treated, as if we'd been there before, by a pleasant smiling staff.
Omg this place is the cutest little neighborhood joint.  Somehow reminds me of some of the little places that used to be along the train line in Chicago.  Maybe its the decor or the narrowness of the place , I cant really put my finger on it.  It just really doesn't feel like your in Phoenix.  The welcome was warm and inviting.  The service was great.  Everyone was more than happy to explain menu items to us and make suggestions. We ordered The meat and cheese platter to start, it was all sooo good we were fighting over it.  we had both the Funghi pizzas white and red.  We definitely liked the red one better.  Nothing was wrong with the white one, maybe we just weren't big fans of seafood on pizza.  The owner took it off of our bill , we hadn't even eaten one piece of it .  The winner of the night was chicken Marsala .  So good it was everyone's favorite.   We loved the place.  It's not cheap, we will be back for happy hour for sure..
Chicken marsala is amazing!! Best I've ever had. Coming back --- for sureGreat place- ambience perfect.
The Original Chopped Salad is the best.I recommend you try it. Also its the 1 year anniversary!
The brussels sprouts over grits is a must! Nice wine/beverage selection, great crowd and attentive service. I will certainly return. It was *slightly* confusing getting from the parking lot through the building to the restaurant, but was definitely worth the confusion.
Great food and service! !  Chopped salad is a must!   I had scallops-cooked perfect and very tasty.   My husband had the fish special which was also great.   Will definitely be back if ever in Phoenix again.
The food and drinks are great. The view of the busy street is about the only downside. The Conflagration Nation. One of my favorite bourbon/whiskey drinks ever. The glass is smoked with a Barbados pipe smoke first which makes it both olfactory and gustatory perfection.
Decent breakfast but low on flavor - chile quoiles sucked! No flavor not authentic, good ambiance but really needs to make the food more flavorful
Busy during lunch. Service and food is ok. Nothing special. Waiters talk too much... and they dont care or have the fairmont sense of service... typical hotel food. Food came in cold. Its good if you want something casual. Compared to the other restaurants in the area i wouldnt recommend it. Ambience is so-so.
Quick Tip: It not an expensive place but it's clean and prices are really good. Also, you get complimentary chips and salsa if u r dinning in.Restaurant is located right across from target. Its got many other restaurants in the vicinity including a hot dog joint and a boba tea place. It's a competitive area for a restaurant. However, what sets this place apart from others is the authenticity of the food. Mexican food in Henderson is easy to find; Robertos, Lindo Michocan, etc., but the taste of the food items in this place is exquisite. My favorite dish at this restaurant is Chicken Mole Enchiladas ($7). The mole sauce is rich and flavorful and enchiladas are in the league of their own. The meat is tender and has the right amount of spices. I could eat two plates of this because of the sauce. Chanclas; which is more like a french dip with avocado and shreaded chicken and its drenched in spicy sauce. Its wasn't my favorite, because the sauce didn't have much flavor to it. Complimentary, chips and salsa is good but salsa did have a lot of salt in it. Overall, this is an excellent place for cheap-authentic mexican food. I would highly recommend  you to checkout this location.  Mole chicken enchilada's are to die for.
I was looking for a new Mexican place and this was amazing. It's hidden, but it is so delicious! This place is in the corner of Silverado and Eastern and it has only been opened for eight months. I am going to really try to get this place some business because they were just phenomenal. I remembered seeing them in the Seven Magazine, but forgot about that for awhile until be stumbled upon it one evening. It was empty, but it was also almost 8pm so we were like the last customers before closing. They still were very kind from the time we ordered to the time we left. Like most places they served the chips and salsa while waiting for our food. The salsa was delicious. It was not chunky, which was great for me and it had this new taste that I cannot really describe. Thank goodness it was not too spicy either, just enough to make it heighten the taste buds. My friends also ordered guacamole, but I did not try it because I do not like my guacamole with tomato and onions in it, however, they said it was good.  Next was our meal. They served us with these dishes that were so unique. It was a silver plate with little hold crested handles. It almost felt like medieval Spain ware or something. I am not good with eras, but I am just trying to get if you all a good picture of how cool it was. So I ordered the verde enchiladas and they were amazing. I usually only ever have two enchiladas wherever I go because they are so filling, but this dish comes with four and I was at the point where you know your full, but your not dying with the overeating bloating feeling. It was just perfect. I also had a side of their rice , which is what I judge most Mexican places by, and even that was delicious; light and fluffy. I was completely in love with my entire meal. My friends tried the mole, which is what Seven magazine wrote about. If mole is something you like, then apparently it was really really good. I tried it, but it taste like chocolate and coffee to me which is not something that goes well with my taste buds. However, every other bite my friend was just in awe of how good it was. We all ordered something that hit the spot for the night of Mexican good cravings and we thank Las Cazuelas for providing us with the craving satisfaction and a good experience. We will be back soon I am sure!!
The mole and the salsa verde were awesome! The owner was very nice. I recommend everyone to give this restaurant a try, you won't be disappointed.
Very good food. Quick and tasty. Warm feel and friendly. I just walked in and got good advice on what to order. Chile Relleno and fried ice cream for dessert!
Great authentic Mexican food. Their enchiladas were awesome. Their corn was also so delicious.
They sell Fumi e juice and Fumi's rainbow is my new addiction!! Nice staff and they are helpful!
Do yourself a favor and avoid this location it is a disaster. So poorly managed, the manager is ill equipped and clearly doesn't belong managing anywhere. Literally food was not coming up being lost, huh. The owner/general manager needs to be present and or cooperate needs to step in.  Just discovered I must be losing my mind, ordered my food at 7:35 and as I write this its 8:13 still waiting on my food.
Most disgusting pizza I've ever been served. Terrible. Don't waste your $ frozen grocery store pizza is better. Yuck.
Stellar saison, cool atmosphere. Very knowledgable staff. Hope these guys start distributing soon since this is unfortunately not anywhere near my neighborhood.
Love the build your own burger and wings!!! Go there and do not be disappointed!! Get there early- piles of people come quickly! Kid friendly, too!
I give it a second chance , the stout is superb ....... One more time the food is delish , same great service , I defenetly be back for more
Only 5 stars because yelp doesn't have 6!Pork on Pork burger with the duck fat fried fries.
Taco Tuesday is delicious and cheap! Fries fried in duck fat...need I say more? I'm not a beer drinker but I sipped a few and they were flavorful.  I would rather chug the beer cheese.  Ask for extra to dip your duck fat fries in.
Awesome food and beer! Try the pull pork fries with beer cheese. Never been to a brewery this was my first time. I will be back with friends and family.
We finally got in!!!!  This is our 4th attempt to get in here and it took a Monday afternoon at 4 to  get in. Started with the IPA.....very good. Me and my girl split a jalapeño jelly and PB burger that was off the chain!!  Great fries with it too!!!  Our little waitress was kick ass! So if I come here again, I must come early, thats the key!!!!
Great place. Delicious food and great beers. One of the best wings I have ever had. My wife and I also enjoyed the atmosphere. We will definitely come back.
Love everything I order here! Their beer is amazing. Keep up the good work. We eat lunch here weekly and love the tasting room too!
Great chapel! Wonderful ceremony and prices. I would definitely recommend this place if you're in Vegas and need a quick classy wedding.
Wie der Name sagt: schlicht und einfach. Dennoch empfehlenswert, da man nicht auf den Geldbeutel schauen muss. Wir waren zufrieden.Preis und Leistung waren absolut in Ordnung und haben sich 5 Sterne verdient.
Absolutely amazing! Great prices, very friendly staff deep and personal ceremony! The experience was overall definitely 5 stars! The packages are reasonably priced, the "venue" is nice, and the staff was helpful in choosing the right packages and helping with everything. They have dress rentals ( did not use) but the gowns they have are gorgeous! The appointment took about an hour in total, they offer your marriage certificate (official) within a reasonable time!
The greatest baristas ever! greatest service & the drinks are always made to perfection!
Excellent food and beer. White fish delicious followed by stonefruit tartlet. Service excellent
The service was slow and the food was mediocre. Won't be back. I had the PB&B. How hard is it too screw up peanut butter and bananas? Apparently, it's very easy. To top it off, they had the music so loud that I couldn't hear my table mates talk. It wasn't crowded at all. So there was no excuse for the music to be blaring like that. And my rum and coke was 99% coke. There are much better bars uptown. Don't waste your time!
My back yard, nice close scenic hiking trails for all of the family to enjoy! Not many people on the trails, they're well maintained.
Best customer service I've had in years!!! left with a crazy deal on phones and took care of all my questions. There is no one else better.
Best choice I made for my family.The wife ,daughter and son loves the gym . Going on almost 5 years with coach joao my daughter and family loves the place...
Great hookah, friendly staff. We had a pineapple head, tasted pretty awesome with a bit of mint and prickly pear.Brie rocks
Great lemonade hotdogs cheesesticks chicken the new chile fries nice so glad its out of the mall easy access drive thru sweet hope more r coming
Love it...Is now a goto for me. Pork buns and duck are great. They have European football on too:) I know where I'm going when I want to watch a game away from home.
This place wouldn't deliver to my home 5 mins down the road guy was rude beyond belief over the phone and had zero respect
Just another gym. Front desk was rude when I went to visit gym for first time. Manager had a hard time explaining sign up process and I felt like I was interrupting his day by asking about signing up.
No complaints from usNice clean and fastPicture is worth a thousand wordsNeighborhood was looking like day lite only We would come back for breakfast or lunch
This is the Best pizza in Charlotte hands down, the cheese , dough ,pepperoni, sausage, sauce is so freaking good, The slices are enormous..I will be making this my weekly pizza spot
Very good food & serviceThe best pizza I've had in years and I've lived in Manhattan, Boston and Muami.Stop going to the chain pizza places like PJ's (cardboard and dirt ) Domino's and PH, the smaller places are always the best and this one is one of those
Best Aikibudo in Arizona. I so miss training here on a weekly basis but I no longer live in the Valley. I still make it back almost monthly. Great people to train with and excellent instructors. I learned so much and am so appreciative of all the instruction I have received and continue to receive. If you want to train in an effective Martial Art based in traditional Japanese martial arts and taught in a modern educational system, this is the dojo to do so.
I received terrible service every time I went there They're just not very nice. They were rude and unpleasant. I live in Mesa but will be going all the way to the Tatum office because of the way I was treated
Absolutely magnificent. I love this place. Family took me here for fathers day and have been back three times since. And best of all the price is right.
Wow... excellent service, no corkage fee and great food.Went here on a Saturday night with my girlfriend and her parents for a birthday celebration.  Had a reservation and was seated promptly.  The wait staff was very attentive and on top of their game.  My girlfriend and I split the tomahawk steak along with garlic mashed potatos, brocollini and asparagus.  Everything was really good.
Delicious...some great apps/small plates along with incredible meats...a must try!!! Try sitting on the patio on a nice summer night... The baked brie in sourdough is a yummy starter!
Jason was great and the food was superb! I went with my family and all 6 of us loved all of our variety of food we ordered.
Awesome meal! Will definitely return whenever I visit Vegas. So nice to be away from the strip for the night
Amazing meats... Well priced and affordable... Totally recommend.... Excellent wait staff.
Fantastic off strip dinner. Lovely environment. Amazing food!! Perfect evening with my husband. The next time we are in Vegas we will definitely return.
Great food ... Nice place to eat in Summerlin at Tivoli Village.  Nice Atmosphere as well
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The lamb chops are amazing. The price is very fair. No corkage fee. Great dining patio as well!
Keep coming back. Amazing food. Melt in the mouth steak. Feels high end yet casual and intimate. Thy even gave us a free desert when they found out we were celebrating our wedding anniversary. Brunch is really good too!!
The pastries here are incredible! Definitely one of the best bakeries in Pittsburgh comparable to many patisseries in Paris
5 stars just for the awesome muzak station they use! There's so many places to sit and study our work with a laptop. The baristas are way nice and the cold brew is great! I also love the conference room they have set up for study groups. I wouldn't ever be using it, but it's awesome to see how well they cater to students.
Luis is great! Always friendly place to come have a great breakfast. I've been coming here as a regular and always treated with amazing service no matter who it is. I will always bring family and friends here when they are in town.
Has 2 drive thru but still slow on occasion.  I don't eat the food but when I go to one of these places for coffee I expect it quickly.  Last time I went they didn't even have large cups so the gave me a small and a medium.  I don't even drink a whole large coffee it just seems like they hold their heat a little longer.
Been there 3 times and service is horrible, there so slow..................................
Great food! Very unique and different! Bloody Mary's are great too! Lunch menu is small but has a lot of small plates!
Solid beer.  Worst service ever!! Had to bus our own table. Servers were very rude.  They don't even have ranch dressing for chicken wings.
Friendly staff, clean salon, my nails look great! Was traveling in the area and had time to kill so found them on Yelp and stopped in. Got me in right away and did a quality job!
Always excellent food and wonderful service! Best ice tea around! I usually order something different every time I go, and I haven't been disappointed yet
Thumb up UP !!!.美味しです。 優しくて可愛い女の子Jenny ^^There are lot of sushi bar...but I like this place.  BCS I like mike and jenny. they are not JP but try to making better sushi and better place to be pleased everybody! . Hey !! Buddy.  Don't miss this place.  I LOVE DAISHO.
Food was good, but service was bad! No attention at all. I won't be back to eat at restrant, but will be back to take their food out.
Service was great! Good food and affordable all you can eat $25 not bad for dinner. They also offer bento dinner or lunch box if the ACE menu is a little too much. They have plenty of selections also. I really like their salmon here ,it's cooked just right. The restaurant is also by eastern and warm spring by the Wendy's shopping center.
Amazing!!! The sushi is fresh and the happy hour is even more fresh! Great customer service
Decent food bad service. Waitress seemed to be in a bad mood. I won't be too negative but there was definitely a bad vibe and a very unwelcoming atmosphere about this restaurant. The dessert menu was limited but that's to be expected of a sushi restaurant.
This place is awesome!!! Very clean. Great pumpkin spice latte and pumpkin drizzle muffin. I'm now becoming a regular customer :)) great guys!
I had a hazelnut latte and blueberry scone. Delicious! Clean place friendly staff! Great jazzy tunes playing!
Amazing pulled pork sandwich! Ask for haggis instead of onion, it adds the local flavour to it, which in my opinion makes the difference. Be prepared to look for a spot outsidep to seat and eat it because there's no much space inside
I dont go here for the boba I go here for the boobi.....boba o_O courtney was really cool! Team courtney! I love you....I mean cafe teaze is cool. i think i was drunk....well buzzed coming in so it was even more fun lol. i love boobi...boba. ill definitely come back again
Awesomest Bobbas in Town. I love Salina she is my favorite boba babe !!! I had strawberry snow with strawberry popping boba, so gooodddd .
Amazing teas and boba!! Fun spot to go with friends or even by yourself, the girls that work there are super friendly! You can play games and drink delicious boba teas. Some of the best boba I have tasted and their Vietnamese coffee is on point as well!  I loved the taro boba milk tea.
They have the best coffee and the best service! I go at least once a week, and my visits just keep getting better and better! The people are so friendly and they have such a nice patio where you can bring your dog! I highly recommend this place!
Cute and pup friendly. Had an awesome cuppa earl gray was smooth and aromatic the way I have it in Europe with rolling hot boiling water poured over it not some microwave or warm water nonsense like a lot of places have it;)) yeah I love altitudes
Great, friendly place to work out. The Staff is great. I like that it is affordable for any budget.
Awesome food! Owner is great! He'll be happy to accommodate dietary restrictions! I had fantastic veggie fajitas with corn tortillas. Yummy!
Amazing food and an amazing price! Will be going weekly. Have had many items and nothing has disappointed.
very simple and friendly place, the indian bread was different and good. staff was very friendly and recommended some good choices, nice gift store inside.
Awesome food!!! Highly recommend this place!!!! The family and I got a taco each and had to have dessert, chocolate fry bread. Come here every time we come into town.
Food here is always amazing. This is the only Indian restaurant that I will come to. Korma Chicken and Methi Chicken are my favorites!!
Biryani was tasteless  there was no salt at all very greecey . Meat was not cooked u have to improve ur quality
Worst experience in food quality and taste!!Ordered many items. .none tasted good and non tasted like the actual dish name suggests..
Stunning coffee in the burbs. Life saver. The cups are large so I was imagining a milky weak latte.  Not so. Brilliant cup of perfect strength coffee.  Osama understands aussie coffee snobs.
If you are in the area, this is a must try! The food here is excellent.The chicken kabob meat has great flavor! And the shawarma platter is full of delicious items like hummus, rice etc...The only downside is the wait can be long and the prices are a little high. Grab a Togo menu and call in your order ahead of time to beat the wait.
The best one is red velvet or red velvet with strawberry glaze yum! Love this place, usually not too busy, affordable and my kids love the donut holes.
Great little find in Scottsdale. It is hidden behind a building.  We sat on the patio and I decided to try the Monte cristo waffle....yum!!   Bf had an omelet which was delicious!! All of the servers were awesome.  Great place, definitely recommend!
Excellent service and great atmosphere. Wide variety of breakfast choices. Nice patio seating area, perfect fit enjoying the fresh morning air.
Great little find in Scottsdale.  Definitely not one $ but food is worth every penny. Had the monte cristo waffle which was excellent!  Bf had an omelet that was the best omelet I have ever tasted.  All servers were awesome.  Great place, definitely recommend!
The best Indian food in the area. Period. My favorite chill spot.I have been in champaign on a small time for work. Probably around 7 months. I travel more than most and rely and the vast Internet for food and drink. The Internet didn't provide me this spot. The locals praise it and directed me towards it. It has not only the friendliest staff but it has amazing Indian food for the area. It had amazing Indian food for all the places I've been to. Need a place to decompress? Have a beer at their bar and order something amazing.
Avoid this place. They took 45 min to get our food. Others please share your experiences
Great kebabs...adequate spice...would strongly recommend...ambience is good...we ordered paneer tikka which had more gravy than expected but it turned out to be good...lassi was excellent
As we all know Starbucks is the best. But this location has great customer service and really friendly staff.
Slowest drive thru ever. Doesn't matter if it's a weekend. They take forever. I've left my place extra early twice so i can get a coffee and then head to work. One time i got to work late and the second time, i was almost late. Dont waste your time - Go to another drive thru.
Awesome night of karaoke with awesome friends! Can't wait til next time! The host, Tina, couldn't be more fun or down to earth!
Fast and friendly!!! No rip offs here, just getting the job done. Ask for Trent!! The hours are great too!! Any phone any problem they can fix.
Fantastic service, cannot go wrong here ! Friendly service and fair price given to us . Will use again !
As good as the AYCE sushi offerings in Wausau at half the price - and you serve yourself!I have eaten at several AYCE sushi bars, and this one is definitely in my top 3 simply just for the value. Sashimi and nigiri sushi included in the bar, and it costs $13 - not including your drink. Plus they have so much hot seafood that I wish I could eat... but being allergic to some of it, I have to stay away unfortunately :(All of this on top of the fact that there was squid salad... the same stuff you have to pay $5-8 for a small plate of at a normal sushi bar... and it's all you can eat.
This place is terrible! New owners or not still bad! Menu is so limited for AYCE they charge extra for anything additional... Their is a lot of Sushi places on town and feel that this place is well below PAR!
Nice staff and they let u try the flavors my favorite is the blue raspberry! They were very patient with me while trying flavors
The burgers are outstanding! Can't wait to go back and try the wings and the pizza! It's a brew house! So they have all the fun stuff on site for that and the brew dude is really friendly and will answer any of your questions! The beer isn't too bad! Great place to chill and watch a game!
The waitress forgot about us.  She ordered our beer, but I brought it to the table myself.  She never came back until I went to the hostess to complain.  The situation was soon rectified by a manager and a waiter that took care of things from there out.  They bought us a round, the food came and then the place was enjoyable.  The OB Fish Platter with Cod, was tasty.  It wasn't "BIG" like the menu said, but tasty for fried fish and fries.  The Margherita Pizza topped with arrugula was tasty, but not out of this world.  The dog friendly theme and patio were cute.  I'd try it again, but I'm probably going to sit at the bar, so my beer doesn't get warm waiting for delivery to the table by an overworked waitress.
Hamburgers are awesome!! Outside patio and you can bring your dogs!! Great beer on tap
Good for with a decent offering for Happy Hour.  The boneless wings are tasty and the burgers are large enough to share.
It's one of our favorite casual Mexican restaurants! we love the bean dip, Sonoran hot dogs, and strawberry margaritas! Very yummy. The carne asada is also a favorite!
Funny staff! Friendly, efficient, cheap, and amazing food!! The food is amazing quick, and tastes amazing! The service is quite good! If you are looking for good Mexican this is the place to go. We tend to be Mexican snob's and this place definitely hits the nail!
Best sweet corn tamales ever!! Yummy!!Both the soft and crispy tacos were excellent & they have VERY affordable catering menu. This is our go to for party food.
Fast service but foid just didn't wow me. Basically looks like another chipotle knockoff with their take on greek food. Wasnt really crazy that the guy grilling the chicken used same pan that he used when chicken was raw to serve me in. Behind the counter looked a little dirty . Overall another medicore fast food place.
Delicious Middle East flavors for those on a lunchtime budget. Owner and staff super friendly. Clean! Great experience
Portion of food are small for the price, will not eat here again. Bowl cost $8.50 and the meat is like a spoon full only, way too frugal. You can see how they add ingredients way too small
Great FAST location inside Fry's Market. This Fry's has everything! Friendly staff and great seating, inside and out!
Excellent sushi. Great price. Excellent service. Nice decor. I highly recommend Humari Sushi if you are downtown! They literally pulled me in off the street and I have been going back ever since!
Yes, they do serve kirin and sake.  I had to call and ask as if they have a website somewhere, I cannot find it.  As much as I hate driving downtown, I was excited to try Harumi as the restaurant has such glowing reviews.  Say what you will about Yelp, without a platform like this, I may never venture out of my confort zone.  Don't get  me wrong, just because I don't like driving downtown, does not mean I don't like being downtown.  Parking can be an issue but meters are free after 5pm.  Once at the restaurant my first impression was that of a clean and friendly restaurant.  Ordered miso soup, nice flavor but I like mine with a bit of seaweed where this version there was none.  Shrimp Tempura was perfect, Salmon Sashimi perfect, Oasis Roll, MMMM, addictive, perfect.  Add 3 Large Kirin and 3 large house Sake total bill $63.36 plus tip.  Love the purple rice.  Tastes just like white rice but great color and they say more healthy for you.
WatchOut for the business rush!! The black rice is a wonderful touch.
Fantastic experience. Highly recommended! The staff were very kind and helpful. By far the best Yellowtail I've had in Phoenix. Will definitely return.
Quality great service fast and creative! I liked the purple rice and generous portions. Spicy cucumber salad was fantastic and not too crowded,
Best sushi in Phoenix! Sex in the City roll, Arizona roll &  Vegas roll all amazing. Have been there twice and will keep going for the rest of eternity.Don't miss this gem!
Excellent food and great service. So glad this place re-opened!  We came in tonight for their grand opening celebration and loved it!
Wonderful facial by Christina (Christine?) & massage by Gabriele! First time visitors can take advantage of a facial/massage combo for just $98.
Great seating in the back of the place!  Cute bookshelf wallpaper :)  Just noticed a few days ago that they're open until around 10pm during the festival, so I'll be going back soon.Plus they have free wifi :)The only downside is that it's a pretty small place - maybe seats around 10-15 people max.  But if you're looking to grab something and go, then it's in a great location just off the royal mile.
Come in and strike up a convo, these folks know meat!  The prices are excellent (beat that dodgy chain across the street, Metcalf'es and the Co-Op) and you can tell these guys really care about their craft.  I love walking in and asking them what i should make for dinner.  The next time you are grocery shopping be sure to plan to stop here for your proteins.  Sure it is another stop, but these guys are pros, the prices are excellent and the quality is unmatched.
I don't say this lightly. We're very fortunate to have this place in Madison. Steak, pork and chicken are unreal. Better than any restaurant in town. There. I said it. Burgers and sausage is a little dry due to the grass fed lean cuts. But bacon and hot dogs are best in the state.Not cheap. But cheaper than going out. And you don't need as big of a portion because it tastes so damn good. I'd rather eat less meat and eat CC meat than save a buck here or there for cruel, tasteless meat elsewhere.
Went Thurs night. No wait, nice decor, fast & friendly service, great food!We will be back often. Keep it up.
Love getting my favorite teacher her Cafe Mocha from here! They never disappoint!!! And when we are able to stay and eat, the food is amazing! Great atmosphere, good service from everyone. #veryverrado
Food was very good, excellent service, kudos to the chefs.. The Friday night fish special was so fresh and the oysters with the 2 sauces delicious. And I had the ceviche yum yum yum. Great food!!!!
I'm convinced that this is the best Roberto's in town. The staff here is much friendlier than others, and get this.. they actually make your food to order which means no more second guessing if they gave me a regular carne asada burrito instead of the breakfast burrito I ordered. Other than the spectacular service, the food here just tastes slightly better, we aren't really sure why, but halfway into our burritos we turned to each other to confirm that somehow the burritos were better than the other locations. Open 24 hours and has a drive thru. I just got lazier.
Best place I've been! Nice and quite room! Nice price and polite works there,if u want a relax,that's the best choice.
Little nervous about trying this place, but glad we did. Loved it. Was not happy about the way we were pressured at the end to leave a bigger tip.
Excellent service see George for all your shutter needs you won't be disappointed. We will definitely use them for our next project.
The salads were sufficient, but nothing special. We ordered of both breakfast and lunch menus. I would go with breakfast over lunch. The omlets were fluffy and large.
Sat for 2+ hours, got an app and then ignored, empty tables but wait at the door. Employees wander around while tables need busing. Not enough servers. Think about it.... 2 hours.... No food. I had to get my own drinks...
Best tacos in Madison hands down! Excellent service. Hand made carved booths from Jalisco.
The employees there are amazingly friendly! The food was super satisfying! The food didn't take long at all.
Best pizza in Waunakee, by far.  Not quite on the same level as Roman Candle but for Waunakee it's fantastic.
The Monaco-creme brûlée crepe was awesome... I will definitely come back for that!I ordered Germany Crepe, which disappointed me because it was just plain crepe with sausage ,sauerkraut and pickles, tasted like plain old hotdog in a bun with lots of sauerkraut. My husband ordered Greece, which I think is better than what I ordered. But it doesn't taste as interesting as it sounds in the menu. The ambiance was great, has a market-y vibe .And the concept of having to taste different kinds of specialty fromDifferent countries in the world was an excellent idea.The savoury crepes for lunch / dinner  were not really as awesome as I expected from the menu. However,  I would like to try the crepes from the breakfast menu. I'm thinking I will try Manhattan crepe next time..
Great bottle service in Las Vegas! Brian made sure all my guests got in and sent his assistance to make sure everything ran smoothly. Overall, I enjoyed his service.
Is one of the best sushi places in the area. The owners are very nice especially the wife, she always remembers me and makes everyone feel welcome.
Ive been living here a year and it's a nice place to live in and try it you will like it. I would love to stay but unfortuantly i have to relocate closer to school
So happy they opened up here! Great taste& quick...my hungry soccer girls love this place. Only problem is the crew is rowdier than every other jimmy johns I ever patronized before so that's why I am not giving it 5 stars.
Jimmy Johns is fast,fresh and good. They would be that much better if they sold hot sandwhiches.
Hier gibts meine Lieblings Winegums und ab und an genehmige ich mir diese...
Sehr gutes Essen! Sehr schöner Innenhof! Gerne wieder! Sehr interessante Menüs und ausgezeichneter Service. Bei jedem Besuch sehr zufrieden.
Sehr schöne location mit perfektem Espresso. Sitzmöglichkeiten im Innenhof sind sehr bequem und ruhig....
Cool place... great loacation. Perfect for a quick yogurt fix. Not the best yogurt place I've ever been to but it's the best in the area.
I love burritos but these people take longer then a snake to fart. It should be called a drive through. ..it should be called a drive, stop for 20 minutes,  check if ur order is right  n drive through.
The food here is top notch. Try the Thai fish. The Chicken Katsu was crazy good also.
Anna Brittain is complaining that the bread is soggy on the spicy chicken sandwich uh oh
Love love love Fili's! So good always! Literally everything I have eaten from here is amazing.
There is no better pizza on the planet outside of Italy - these guys have it nailed!Ingredients are fresh and flavorful, and the pizza is baked in that awesome wood-fire stove - the aroma is amazing. This is the best pizza in the valley. That last finish of olive oil is a perfect touch. Eventually I will order the other options on the menu which also look great.
Delicious!! Would highly recommend this restaurant. Loved everything!!! I had the Caprese and the Carbonara. The menu has wines paired for each dish which is helpful. Must go if in downtown Phoenix!
This is a food truck and they are pretty popular. They are not in the same place everyday so if you ever need to find them or want to know when they will be near you follow them on face book. That's what I do :) With new daily specials you really cant go wrong here. Oh and they are the tot kings. They bring tater tots to a whole new level. Loaded tots with creme, well just heavenly. Tater tots with chez wiz, chives, bacon, and sour cream. I forgot how much I loved tater tots as a kid. Now I can experience the adult version only Chef Street Bistro can give.So if you happen to see this food truck  suggest stopping, even if you are not fully hungry. It will be well worth it, even if you only get the adult tater tots.
They serve Schlitz in a can!The claim is 100 brews.  30 on tap including favs like Batch 19 & Guinness.The reason I come here is music & Batch 19 pitchers for $17.  It is a shame that it is in a casino that isn't really a great place for locals or tourists who want great live music.  I can't speak of any food here besides the fries; the fries were good, but I was almost done with my pitcher, so I had an impaired view of the food.The sound here is good.  And loud.  be aware if you are sitting in the main dining area & want to have a conversation while there is a band.The servers aren't as attentive as I would like, but I do understand since it gets pretty loud in there.  Last time I was there, a server asked about another group who, seemingly, had skipped out on their tab.  That group was gone for a solid 10 minutes before she had noticed.  They actually were taking one of their drunken members back to their hotel room and had came back for more music & cocktails. WOOOHOOO!Also, the bartender seemed to think he was working at Dick's Last Resort (are you picking up what I am putting down, hint, hint).  Thank you, no.  If i am here again, I'll deal with the waitstaff.For those interested, their are also darts, beer pong tables, pool, & a Foosball table.  These are actually outside the back (stage) door but are considered part of the bar.  Also, some kind of sports video game (prolly Golden Tee or some such nonsense).Not pricey, good beer, loud music.  Those should be the reasons one would come here.  All else, is secondary.
When we headed to this location they were packed!  They are obviously a local favorite.  We were able to secure seats at the bar, which we enjoy since you can always watch all the action from here and see how things work.The country fried chicken is amazing! Our waitress was okay, she kept on top of things, but seemed to be overwhelmed with how busy it was, which was fine. The down sides to this place are the parking and how busy it can get.  But if you are willing to walk a bit and hang out for good food that's worth a little wait - head out here!
I love the food and great location. Awesome little breakfast spot. I think the prices are good for the food you get, quality and quantity. Highly recommend the omelettes.
Great service and food is always yummy.  Wide variety of breakfast items. Great omelettes. Worth the wait.awesome neighborhood find.
Great restaurant, here now enjoying our food, fresh very clean. Busy for a reason. Pastrami burger chili fires.
Great service, food was good, a lot of food for your money.  I would recommend to anyone who is looking for something other than a large chain restaurant.
Good pizza.  Reasonable prices.   Good addition to the neighborhood.  Service was fast and employees were courteous.
Very clean and courteous. Kim has been taking care of my nails and feet for years. Highly recommend this place
Great, affordable service! Anne is the BEST! I always come with elaborate designs that i snap pictures of through my week and they always have a way to replicate the design for me. They are very accommodating to my personal request and always give me a bottled water while in getting my nails done. Wont ever go anywhere else!
Best foot massage ever!Perfect for when waiting while ur cracked iphone gets fixed next door.
Dr. Roach and staff are wonderful. Keisha is an amazing groomer too! We love this place. It is clean, efficient, and a state of the art facility.
Daytime 5 stars: Great atmosphere!  Service is great and food is awesome. You can go with a crowd or alone and always feel comfortable. Nighttime 0 stars (recently): lady Manager seems to just pay attention to the "special" male clientele, while the other of us have to wait.  If there are two behind the bar we all have to sit while the other bartender runs ragged. I waited to write this review until I was sure it wasn't just a 1 time occurrence. Once I was gambling and I waited 40 min without being asked if I would like another drink, so I walked out (there were 5 people in the place). I would really like this place to succeed so hopefully this review helps.
Fast service, great pizza. Can't complain. Got the Steak and Blue Pizza and really enjoyed it. From entering to leaving, probably was here for 30 minutes and I was dining in! I would probably eat here again. Service was great!
Party in your mouth goodness! Quick, yummy and nearby...best combo ever!  Great find!
Great make your own pizza and salads...Fast friendly service! Kids love it too! Great lunch place.
Love this place.  The Staff are extremely friendly and food is phenomenal.  I like going here at least once a week.  I love how you can add as many toppings as you want on the pizza
Best eyebrow wax and shaping I ever had. Highly recommended  Toni, she's awesome! If you aren't sure what you want she helps with her expertise. Had my eyebrows tinted and LOVE it :)
Officially hooked on Roller Lash mascara! It works perfectly! I live not having to curl my eyelashes anymore. You can feel it working just as I was told I would. Ladies, save yourself money and just buy this mascara.
The biomat while getting a massage is my favorite part! Can't beat all you can drink alkaline water and salt cave. Awesome
Horrible worst extensions I have ever had don't buy the groupon not worth it she hurried through it they lasted about 3 days .
Thanks Jeremy for excellent service and finding exactly what fits my needs!  Looking forward to working with this group!
Great place! Great service very nice environmentA bit pricey but great selection of whisky
So friendly and helpful!! Very clean store and always kept. Can't wait to try my new lotion! It's so awesome that they are open 24 hours -- makes it so convenient ... And a great location
So yum!!!!! Very cute family friendly place! One of my new favs!! Best version of teriyaki chicken! Very fresh and super great service! Would highly recommend this place!
The best pure mexican food spot in Vegas by far and it's 24 hours. Definitely coming back for other selection they offer.
Places like this need to be all around the city. Everything was great ! The food was cooked fresh, the staff has a good attitude.
Yay! Finally some more Korean food options in Madison!The lunch menu has the favorite dishes like bibimbap and bulgogi. You can also add bulgogi to the bibimbap!I'll be going back for their dinner menu soon!
This place is terrible - told me $20 ended Up paying $60 & didn't even like emNever again
Not the best gyros, but they are quick and open late on Saturday nights! I would recommend asking for extra cucumber sauce.
Friendly staff. Too friendly for me. Coffee is great and fast. I do like how you can change the type of milk. And that you can pretty much put whatever you want in there. Their sizes also changed to larger sizes. I'm pleased with them. But they need to learn how to let a customer go, especially when they obviously don't want to talk to you that much
I love everything in this hotel. Food is amazing, service is great. Good place to have a rest
Great experience and good conversation. Reservation process was easy. Nice to work with competent friendly people.
Bravo, got to bypass taxi attitude. Got to see more of Vegas than possible with taxi ride. Wow, super early for hotel pickup. Got to see more Vegas before leaving. Great driver attitude.
Nice people and service but is not made for real coffee drinkers.I believe that a good coffee is a perfect combination of taste and look none of witch can be found here if u are in this aria and you feel like coffee I will suggest Sambalatte or Caffe Leone
I love their chicken clubs with their secret sauce. I could eat that everyday swear. It's nothing I've ever tasted before. Keep up the good work
Horrible service and rude employees!! Sadly this is one of my few consistent lunch options, so it will have to do... Employees are rude, on their phones, and don't care. Also the kitchen closes when they see fit, so tough stuff if you want a wrap around the end of the night
Cute little play area for the kids!!! I can actually enjoy a latte with my toddler happy!
The food here is real good. can't go wrong with this place on any dish. all the sushi are fresh and you can tell its good quality not like those all you can eat sushi joints. the beef shank on the bone is so delicious the meat is marination tastes great and its fire grill and yet cooked perfectly tender.Chef John really knows how to cook food here if you ever become undecided just let him know and you'll take good care of you.the green tea tiramisu dessert is really good and this is coming from someone who doesn't like green tea. and the way they prepare creme brulee so perfect.plus they have great lunch specials that will fill you up too only like $9.
Great service! Great Food! Love this place.  I will come here again when I visit Vegas. Forget the strip this is a main attraction.
Hands down the best sushi in town! The freshest and tastiest sushi! The SOHO specials cold dishes are to die for! From the yellowtail Yuzu, the seared tuna special to the amazing Cajun albacore!
frickin awesome place.  Quality food.  Great service.  My faves: dragon roll, beef teriyaki, tuna "roll"...
Good portion lunch dish. Sashimi is thick and fresh. This is my new lunch spot.Just stopped here for dinner.  Probably the best sushi dinner I have ever had for a long while, with a very decent price tag.Sashimi is super fresh, octopus was just amazing. Salmon, hamachi.. I cannot complain at all.
Went here twice in three days. It's THAT GOOD. Happy hour items were delicious. The fish is so sweet and fresh. Definitely recommend the Ahi poke. Any of the sashimi and most definitely recommend the seaweed salad. Try this place. It's top notch no frills sushi/sashimi.
This place is a gem!  Had chef tasting (omakase) twice here and amazed at the quality and value.  Service is fantastic and food is as good as anything you will get in the strip.
Best Sushi ever!!! And everyone makes you feel welcome! Want good sushi? Come here! Trust me you wont regret it and I dont even like fish, but I like sushi now!
Good food, excellent service - very accommodating! Ordered muso soup, Spicy tuna roll, spider roll and Coconut shrimp yumm!
Amazing service. Great quality food and very  flavorful. Came in and our waiter took us through all the good things they have.
Very fast and efficient for a quick lunch.  Very good and fresh sashima.   I just ordered simple today but next time I'll try the more exotic rolls with sexual enuendo names.
Great lunch place! For 9$ you can't beat the taste and quality. Def coming again Ordered the sashimi lunch. The lunch comes with 6 pieces of sashimi ( 2 pieces of tuna, 2 of salmon, 2 hamachi) bowl of miso soup, bowl of rice, side salad and this Korean style edamame!! For 5 more bucks you can add either salmon, tuna or hamachi poke. I got the salmon poke. It is sweet and buttery.
Super good. Nice servers. I was really craving sushi when I came in here. And when I say sushi... I mean 5 star 'katsuya Hollywood/ Sherman oaks' type sushi and sushimi. I'm not a huge lover of rolls, I always prefer sashimi. I ended up trying this place because any place I lived close to had terrible reviews and this didn't seem too far. I ended up driving about 15 minutes... It is pretty far from southern highlands. And I went solo. I had planned to get some work done... But it was pretty busy the week night I went and the hostess took about 10 minutes to acknowledge me, then another 10 to seat me. I'm not docking them for this... Because it was super busy and the wait sign was a bit confusing. I was sat at the sushi bar. My server came up quickly to take my order and I got yellow tail sashimi and a water. The sushi bar chef came right up and took over my order and experience. Extremely personable... Made what I was waiting for right there and gave me another 2$ appetizer which gives you about 6 fresh selections to come on a thin crispy wonton with avocado and fresh cilantro. I want to say I order a yellow tail or tuna and this was by far the best and most refreshing thing I ordered. In total I ordered this, yellowtail sashimi which gave like 6-7 BIG pieces and some tuna dish. The only area I could tell them to improve is the vibe between my sushi bar server and my actual waiter. Because I ended up tipping my server the standar 20% and tipping the sushi chef 20% in cash because I didn't know who received what. The sushi bar chefs were a lively bunch and handled everything from that point... And once my server let me sit when I was waiting to cash out... The sushi bar guy handled it. Portions. I am an athletic female who is tall, and I can eat at times. I came in extremely starving and could only eat 3 bites of the yellow tail, 2/6 bites of my tuna and one of the crudo wonton apps I ordered. I ended up giving the rest of my untouched meal to a lovely couple sitting next to me... Who no joke had about 8 dishes and hadn't even had their main dinner yet.. And they were smaller than me. True sushi fans who I briefly spoke to.. They had nothing but great things to say of the place... And the chef continued sending them other free items.. Something I just noticed. I really appreciated that they gladly accepted my left overs and dug right in!! (I have good taste... No all you can eat rolls here!). I am a rare sushi eater that craves higher end sashimis mixed with other fress ingredients. I'm not a huge fan of the all you can eat buffets of tired rolls that are all over town... So if this place serves something like that.. I am just unaware because I just prefer sashimi plates. Hope this helps. No place is EVER going to be perfect... But the food was good enough, the atmosphere good enough and my experience good enough to give them a 5 star review because I would highly recommend the place to all sushi lovers!!!!!
Among the best omakase I have ever had.John and his staff are passionate about their work and it shows. Their imagination during my omakase dinner rivals time spent in Tokyo for presentation and quality. As the saying goes; 'come early, come often'
Love this place can't get enough. The wait is worth it. Trust me. Plus they stay open till 5:am. This is how late night pizza should taste like.
Best Hot wings I've had thus far for delivery! Ice ordered several times from this location...they always come on time, give me the best quality and provide just what I asked for ! A+
They made baked eggs with braised short ribs. Outstanding. Even though the waitstaff had not heard that this was available  (we had seen it online), they went to the kitchen to ask if we could have this breakfast item for dinner. One of the chefs said (s)he could do it, and voila it was brought to our table in cast iron pans, perfectly prepared and one of the best dishes we have had having eaten all over the world. Then, to show their appreciation for our interest in their food, the waitstaff comped my espresso. What a lovely gesture. We will be going back to try other things, but we may have to fight with ourselves to because my wife and I just loved this special dish.
I love these girls here they have done a wonderful job each time I have been there. I love how they ask you how you are while there doing your eyebrows. The thing I like the most is that I never have that red break out look when I leave like oh she just got her eyebrows done.
Absolutely love this place They do such a wonderful job. They are all so nice , great conversationalist. I definitely made this my go to place. They won't let you down.
Best divorce I ever got! Watch out for crack heads! I really do hate this place..but if you can't afford an attorney the self help center is very helpful..remember though nobody there can give legal advice so to all the idiots who can't see the signs quit asking it will make the filing process much faster...and trust me save your sob story for the judge nobody really cares at the Windows they are just trying to get through their day... Lol now that I think of it I feel sorry for their employees
Amazing! Fresh, fast, delicious!! Love this place!!! Would def recommend to anyone looking for authentic Mexican food with a delicious kick. I can't get enough.....Thank you Tosinos!!!!
I'm glad I gave this place a chance.. I wanted some good Mexican food. The food here reminds me of my mom's cooking. Great place! Very clean! Enjoyed my sopes with carne asada! Super yummy!
Very delicious food and great prices. We read the great reviews and decided to give it a try.  The tacos are amazing.  The carne asada fries are definitely a must have as well.
Seriously amazing food and staff. Reasonable prices and plenty of parking. We love the carne Adams fries. They're a huge portion so make it a meal and you're good to go. We share it amongst 4 people. The churro a are good as well as the tamales. We can not get enough of this place.
Great service, great quality and great prices. Would recommend to anyone in the Chandler area.
Variety, family environment beautiful campus and centrally located.  Great staff and school is growing responsibly
OUT of BusinessReally a shame as they had very good food.y husband loved their street tacos. I loved their crispy tavos.
I love this place!!!  The best salsa I have ever had!   Food is wonderful!!  I have been coming here since it was Super Mex.  LOVE THIS PLACE!  I bring all my friends here.
Very fresh and tasty seafood and other mexican plates. On Thursday if you buy a dozen oysters you get another dozen for free! And the oysters are a dozen for $11.50 that is the cheapest price I have found in Arizona so far. It's a little ways away but well worth the drive. Ask about their daily specials.
I came here on a whim thinking I'd catch a thrill. The baked potato I had for lunch was more exciting than this zip line. Save your money...seriously. It was like "hey here's one side of the building...look, there's the other side. Now we're gonna pull you back up and show you a picture of yourself having a mediocre time." Boo boo.
Worth the cost!!! Do the Groupon with the Gopro!!!We didn't get a chance to ride the elevator with the view since security hadn't turn it on. Had to take the service elevator all the way up and back!
Expensive and slow. The workers were not nice.   Luckily we used groupon. If it was cheaper  would be with the cost. Maybe my expectations were high cause I've done other zip lines. But I can see if it was your first how people would find it exciting.
Wings are always really good here! Spicy BBQ is so good! Staff is friendly, and and always very helpful.
My new fav wing spot in Vegas! I got the chicken and waffles around when they first started to serve them! Since then I've been back 4 times, all the same order! I always see people ordering the seafood menu items  when I go in so I might assume that they are delicious as well. I will try something else sooner or later but that chicken and waffles has got me hooked! Never have I been dissatisfied with my order here. Once I've tried more items I will write another review.
The best seafood Ive had since being in the midwest. Good quality food for great prices. I had problems with closing time before...talked with the manager and he addressed the issue no problem.
My favorite chicken wings by far! I love the food and the service is great. All the workers are so nice too! I love this place.
Ordered from here tonight. It will be the last time by the time.I got my food home it was dry and just not what I was expecting
Love this place, people are like family, Tony & the crew has my business for life! Their wings are the business.
Josh is simply the best practitioner in Vegas.  If you need a tuneup or a serious adjustment josh has the skills and gameplan to restore you to health.  He takes a holistic approach to your good health.  So glad to find in vegas!
Top notch installations of pool fences and pool covers. The staff and installers are well trained and have lots of experience. They offer a large selection of products including several colors and styles.
Very delicious Food, friendly staff, and quick takeout! Tom kha gai soup and cashew shrimp were enough for 2 people! Don't forget to order a Thai tea! Yum!
Very good!!!!!   Yellow curry, steamed veggies, and veggie fried rice = all tasty. I will definitely be back!
Excellent and sweet ladies.  Wife is gluten free and so far so good.  Pad Thai was recommended and delicious
Love this place! So good! Very friendly service. Chicken is always tasty and lots of white meat. They always get our order correct and easy to order over the phone for pick up. We almost always modify something and they are always accommodating and super delicious! I get a custom veggie burrito with beans and pico. YUMMY! We eat here so frequently. Less expensive compared to Robertos too!
"No fried food!" I said to myself to balance a lack of exercise. This resolve quickly crumbled once I began to sample the Del Mar Empanadas at Fuego Del Mar. I've eaten my fair share of empanadas in my lifetime. These are a staple in any South American kitchen. (My Mom makes *amazing* empanadas.) They can be baked or fried. Fried ones are generally, in my opinion, the better variety.At Del Mar the empanadas are stuffed with crab meat, chorizo, goat cheese (yes!)  and white corn. If that wasn't enough goodness, they are topped with a tomatillo verde sauce. I had agreed to "just try" the empanada as I wasn't prepared to sabotage myself.Pfft! The empanadas are heavenly. I don't know quite how they time the cooking, but the chef managed to present a delightful culinary treat without a hint of grease. They were fried ... but there wasn't any goop. (For lack of a better word.) Seriously good stuff.My dining companion and I had arrived at Fuego Del Mar after using Yelp. There was a $5 for $10 deal. What we missed in reading carefully, is that the menu displayed on the mobile app is for lunch pricing.  (Whoops!) Additionally, I was a bit bummed as I wasn't ravenous and the Happy Hour menu (which is available "all day") may not be combined with any other offers. At that point we almost decided to sit separately at the bar after speaking with the server. (There seemed to be some confusion that the Yelp offer is still online.)I'd checkout downstairs seating. Upstairs offers a beautiful view of the bar. However, service turn around can be limited. That being said, upstairs dining, when seated by the railing offers a stunning view of the bar. (We did not realize that however, as we were seated against the wall.) This is a really cute place that has a hip bar ambiance. The food was unbelievable.
Timely, friendly, got the job done.  I will definitely be using this should I lose my keys again in the future.
Good food,  good service,  what a hidden gem! My husband Ordered the  Chef special,  he finished it he is usually not a Mexican food Eater but he loved it! Had their carnitas special,  loved it.  Mango Margarita was awesome not too sweet!
I love this place the only pasta I like better is my mom's home cooking :) I definitely recommend this place to all you pasta lovers I know how hard it is to find a quick & good bowl of pasta lol
Ok. Get the grilled Mac and cheese and a bowl of chicken noodle soup. Heaven.hubby had the farmhouse and loved it!
Decent prices; great food; very friendly service... Great lunch spot that has cool deals on different days of the week. The people that work here are very helpful and are willing to make your meal as enjoyable as possible don't feel bad asking for things to be your way when it comes to the food.The one thing is they tend to over do on the sauce for my taste so ask for light sauce I didn't and had to ask for a little more pasta to mix in.
Julio and his team are amazing!!  Great service and great food.  Be sure to grab a box as this is way too much food for one person.
Such a great restaurant! Great vibe, great food and even better people! The food was fresh and incredible! Especially the croutons! The wine selection is great. Service is great. And to top it off, we got to meet the Cake Boss himself.
Bone in parm chop baby - that's where Vegas life starts to get really good.Had dinner with a group of friends last Vegas trip - I was impressed! Solid classic Italian. Very good food - prices aren't bad for the Strip.Dessert - I have been avoiding them lately but the Lobster Tail Thingy (really, I think that's what it's called) was awesome.  No lobster in it (not a bad thing) just simple, buttery shreds of puff pastry filled with a slightly sweetened pastry cream.  Simple, but very good.  Totally rocked in fact!
Best meal in Las Vegas in recent memory. Great service - thank you, Georgio.Amazing lasagna and linguini with clams. The croutons in the Caesars salad were warm and made of polenta. And the desert! the cannoli is what dreams are made of.
Was disappointed with the food and service, all I can say about this place is OK.... I had the chicken parmigiana, it was good, but the sauce was very acidic, way too strong for me, I had asked the server prior to ordering and she said it was very mild.My friend had the carbonara, she said it was average.Our other friend had the scallops and she liked it.
Normal, fama devido ao programa de tv. A sobremesa foi o melhor. Pratos individuais mas bem servidos
I was very impressed. Great food and good service. I ordered the Spaghetti Central, had a great flavor to it. Also the fresh bread was a great addition to the meal.
Great food!! Chicken Marsala is a must try. The rest of my group enjoyed their food as well. The spaghetti was also very good. Check this place out.
Awesome experience !! Check out groupon for an awesome deal!The staff are very knowledgable and passionate ! They are also very friendly!! Definitely recommend this for a different activity in sin city!!
Decided to try out this place from a groupon. The day we decide to go it's over a hundred degrees, but that didn't stop us. The karts are fun. A cool way to break up the typical Vegas entertainment options. The staff is awesome! They offered us water to keep cool and the staff was very entertaining. Talking trash with us as we raced. A great day of fun at the track
Great time with excellent service!!  Thank you Dave and Ursell!!  Safe, exciting and amazing experience.  Well worth the trip!!
Awesome experience!!! Friendly staff. Great view of the strip. Good fun! Went with me and my girlfriend and we loved it. Definitely worth it. You get 15 to 18 laps and for a great deal on Groupon
Leur Chocolat chaud est parfait ainsi que leur café Latte un délice  Note au grand choix de grilled cheese qui sont vraiment très bon. Je recommande ce café a tous Le seule et unique point négatif mais qui ne me dérange pas , c'est le manque d'espace entre les tables .
When it comes to hair... Adam is the bomb! great place to pop in to get a cut or color. People there are great !
He's a amazing hair stylist...He's such a perfectionist and does a amazing job cutting and coloring your hair ...
Miscommunication on their part, hence the 4*. Otherwise very professional. Good follow up by Ashley.
They have wonderful service and food is delicious. I would highly recommend you go here. Atmosphere is warm and cozy.
Excellent menu selection, delicious food, somewhat of a wait.  I would recommend this restaurant to friends and family.
Just tried to go there this morning.  Looks like it's closed... Permanently.Update I reached out to them and they have a new address. "We have moved over to our other location just a half mile down the street! 945 e scenic drive."
Great place to bring your kids great staff I can't complain my family out friends and I had a blast is not so big but your kids will love it
100 % Very good and healthy
Love pita pit for a fresh and quick lunch. Staff is generally nice and I love the options provided to eat healthy
Easy parking, killer menu, delicious juice juices, friendly service.  The owner comes to every table and makes sure the experience is perfect.  Can't wait to visit again.
Quite possibly the French Onion soup I've ever had!.... Ruben was less to be desired...Bread to meat ratio is very bad
Great portions, small but on point menu. Definitely a return place. Chicken IN Waffles... Are you kidding me!
It was quite good but 12.00 for an omelette no toast or side was a little shocking. The staff was friendly manager was quite serious and not a lot of smiles.
Great food and service!!  Had the MTO breakfast and it was delicious.  It is a huge meal.  Come hungry.
Great food and service. Food was fresh and awesome. Perfect portion size. Owner stopped by to check on us as well as the chef.
Came for breakfast...amazing! Just off the beaten path of downtown. Seems to be a local spot for all the City Hall employees. Service was great. Had to have the "Fat Elvis" since I was in Vegas, and it didn't disapoint.
Delish! Great place for breakfast! One of my new favorites in Vegas.... The gentleman even gave me additional fruit for free when I let him know of my food allergies and he thought my good touched something that I was allergic to. Great service and atmosphere.
Great breakfast place Love the skillet egg options Great ambiance and very cleanThe manager was very courteous as was the server they made sure we were ok and were enjoying our meal. My go to breakfast spot for sure in Vegas ! Pls open in Toronto !
Great food... Great people. I have been here several times and never disappointed. If your looking for a quick bite this will hit the spot
Ordered the pulehu steak in wheat tortilla. Hubby had the fish. Deeeelish! And service is so friendly :) Our new favorite place. Looking forward to our next visit.
Best place for bowls and burritos. Try the coconut bark for dessert.  Try it and you'll never go anywhere else.
Always great service and food. Love it :) go try it. The staff are trained right. The food is always fresh and you can't beat the fish!
Always great customer service and the food is on point. The owner was running the cash register and offering new customers samples of the meat so the can pick what taste good to them..
I went to Lavender Nails for the second time and they did a great job!  I waited for about ten minutes and they apologized for the wait!  Anywhere else I would have been waiting for an hour.   Amazing job! I will definitely be back.
Great Won Ton Soup + Fast delivery service:) Delivery guy didn't have change, so he just credited me for the next time.
Great food for the NW Valley and awesome happy hour deals!  Plus good service and friendly staff.
This place has gotten better than before. The breakfast is one of the best around! They have really great coffee. You can't go wrong with any of their breakfast items;especially the morning glory muffin! For dinner or lunch I love their pulled pork sandwich.
Our new local Bar! Jill the bartender is awesome! The food is great and the service is better!
Went last night, amazing food and service, we'll be back often.The waiter joked and made a fun night for us and our friends.
Great food and atmosphere! The breakfast is amazing! The Arizona omelet with chorizo is something you should try!
Food is solid and service it's very good. Enjoyed the atmosphere and beverages. Buffet is affordable and fresh
Piss poor communication. Open at 8am but still not answering the phone at noon. And they are closed on the weekends.
awfully service in my life never seen a worst waiter and cook. I would never go back. nothing like the other ones.
Always great consistent quality - a little pricy but the atmosphere is worth it.  Service is consistently good; but I've only sat at the bar.  I love the turkey meatballs with creamy parm sauce.  32 beers on tap you can't go wrong. Yummy.
Good food. Good people. Good drinks. Good balls. Absolutely love this place.They have plenty of options and large courses. If parking wasn't such a bear downtown I'd go here a whole lot more.Surprisingly: meatballs can be heated up the next day. Government cheese. Try it.
There are a lot of hookah lounges out here, but this is one of the biggest with a dj.. They play good music and dependent on the Dj you will get different genres... The owner is very nice and they have great prices.
Food is nothing resembling persian food. It isn't good and the place is really run down.We arrived at this tiny place in a building's basement. It has about 4 or 5 tables and can seat about 12-15 people max. We ordered Tah Chin and Ghormeh Sabzi from a menu that has only about 8 main dishes. The Tah Chin didn't at all resemble anything I have eaten in Iran and was 12 dollar a person. The hostess, waitress, cook and dishwasher is the same woman and the service is really slow. Save your money and go some place else.
Really friendly hostess, subpar food. Not a very clean looking place. The food was bland...the utensils look dirty...I got sick afterwards.
Great. Staff are super nice, facilities are great, place is clean.Thank you!Thanks my whole review, fuck you yelp for not letting me post it because it's too short.
Great beer selection & sassy bartenders. What more could you ask for?! We did not order food, but enjoyed talking with the bartender about the area & the local craft beers. Very knowledgeable.
Does great job and takes time! Very recommended. Especially great at gel nails. Everyone is friends and always happy. I will never go anywhere except this place. The prices are fairly well for the outstanding job that they do.
This nail salon does great pedicures and nail services very clean and friendly too!! The location is in the heart of north Scottsdale which is very convenient they seem to take their business very seriously and like what they do
The Thrillist is the greatest vegan thing EVER! So many great and tasty vegan options! Drove all the way from LA for their food! Really cool people!
Very nice place and great customer service for a great price! I thought everyone was very professional and the salon was clean! It's also located in a very convenient location!
This place has macaroons!!! Enough said! Can't wait to go back! Also tried the French Toast Brioche and the Juevos Racheros, also very good! Service is a little slow but that's to be expected in a busier place.
(My Mobile Tip) Wow. These guys are seriously friendly! I have like 4 different menus to take back to work.  I ordered the lunch special - Chicken Teriyaki Box - $7.25.  You get a lot of food for the price you pay!  The chicken teri was not overly sweet or breaded.  The dumplings (goyza) or some may refer to this as potstickers, were steamed/pan fried.  J would have loved them.  I'm not really a big fan of potstickers.  The sauce was not the traditional scallion dipping sauce, but a soy citrus sauce.  Standard fare with the california roll and veg tempura.  I will say that the tempura was not greasy, which was a good thing.  And the house salad came with an awesome ginger dressing.  When I got back to work and started eating at my desk, I had quite a few colleagues ask where I went and that it smelled fantastic.  I'll have to admit, I did "stink" up the area.  It smelled awesome!  OH - I noticed that they have high chairs in their restaurant, so that tells me that the place is toddler friendly.  Which for a mom, that is very important.  Not always can you find a babysitter.  I'm sure J, Little C, and I will stop by one evening for an early supper.  :)
Good stuff ...was fast and fresh...checkerboard roll was my favorite. Wish they had a couple baked rolls but overall five stars...will def be back
Great sushi happy hour! Awesome miso soup! I loved the volcano roll OMG! It was too die for! Edamame only $1.95, sushi for $3.50 & rolls are $5.95-9.95. Want beer? Stella's for $3.95, large Japanese beers like Kirin for $4.95! Friendly staff, great tunes - they're bumping some fun music & have live music on Thursdays! I'd like to see more sushi & rolls on the Happy Hour menu, but overall a great find close to home!
Real good sashimi, sushi, and wraps! Delicious.  The service was fast and good.  Prices were reasonable.   Great location next to a gym.  Definitely recommendable!!!
Favorite low key sushi place in Scottsdale. Never had a bad experience. Get the teriyaki salmon entree. Once you get that you have trouble ordering anything else.
Great company, always on call and ready to help you or your loved one in need. Very honest and competitive prices.
Great food, staff and atmosphere! We had our local lunch club here and it was great! I would recommend everyone to try the ziti as well as the pizza!
Margherita pizza. Great crust, crunchy yet chewy. Sauce has a nice sweetness to it. They also do a frequent flyer type program as well.
Just stumbled upon this place and so happy I did! The pizza was delicious! The atmosphere was family friendly and the place was very clean. I look forward to trying more things on the menu!
Great chicken parm. tonight, they forgot my side Caesar though. I gave five stars on my first review.
Excellent! Spicy chicken burrito was a big hit at SEMA. Hope you expand to So Cal soon.
Gluten-free buckwheat crepes! They were delicious. Nice and crispy on the outside but with a little bit of chew. Definitely different but welcomed into my tummy for sure. They use regular crepe batter for dessert. We had the chocolate banana praline and the crepe suzette. Dang, both were a slam dunk. Crepes done right, for sure!
Best Event planning service in all phoenix!!! Hands down!! We recently had a Marriage Conference at our Church and we had to get some walls for the tent, the material and equipment is nice and clean....great service! The staff there is very helpful and friendly will definitely Come here first when we plan other Big Events!
Meatballs in a cup are bomb. The spicy meat sauce and Parmesan cream are amazing. Great meal if you're in a hurry. Meatball heaven
Meatballs in a cup are bomb. The spicy meat sauce and Parmesan cream are amazing. Great meal if you're in a hurry. Meatball heaven
Easy to get to from Russell road.   The staff is friendly and the place is clean. Price is always competitive!
Went for the 1st time and the service was very slow. Crabcake appetizer came out late because they burnt it. On top of that my father's burger was extremely overcooked and tasted extremely salty. The fries were also re-cooked. We had two glasses of wine and a beer and the total of all three drinks was $29. A little pricey for a sports bar in Pittsburgh if you ask me. Also the communication between the manager and the servers was poor. Nice atmosphere but overpriced and average food.  Would not come here if in a hurry for a show. Manager was very kind, the only good part of our experience here.
This is one of the best Shawrma place ever. Price can be little cheaper and drinks are expensive too but food was above average, really loved the garlic cream and hummus in the wrap.
IGreat food, fresh, good service, clean, ample parking. We ordered the warm springs roll, salmon taco, sushi and sashimi, and the rock and roll. Everything was good and the low price made it even better.
great service with great food .... love their Tuna tacos and desserts!!! the Bento box was great for 1 person...
Best sushi I have had since moving to vegas! The customer service is always great as well. The paradise roll is definitely a must try if you like coconut!
Love love love this place. Always friendly quick service. Price can't be beat. I go there almost every week.
Great location.  Food is consistent.  For the money not bad.I will come back to this place.  Love that they never skimp out on the cheese.  Would recommend to others.
Absolutely Vile.  Cranky service and prison quality food.Avoid.Some airport places are good this one should be better and it's just gross.
Good coffee, and great bagel sandwiches. Smoothies are also good, and the staff is very friendly.
Fun beer selection and not crowded. This place feels like it should be in central Phoenix, which I love!
Awsome place, hip and unique! Absolutely recommend it. Menu is great, the ambiance is unbeatable, I don't drink beer but my friends that had beer loved the selection and great taste.
The best food and service! First time here!! and it's nice and clean.christan in the front was super friendly and knowledgeable about the food.thank you I will be returning!
Marielle said it all. Very unprofessional. Beware the owner, he will never respond to phone calls or text messages due to prior engagements. Satisfied with their previous maid service, but unsatisfied with their business.
He did our family and baby photos. Has great ideas and pictures were beautiful! I have seen pictures from other sessions of his and they as well are very nicely done. He has a great awareness of light source and is always adjusting so that every shot is a potential keeper.
They now have happy hour, it's an added bonus!  This place is close to our home and has delicious margerita pizza, which is what drives us in every time!  The service can vary from bad to good; last time our waitress hardly showed at our table but today our waiter checked in on us three times -showing improvement!!!!
This location is permanently closed!!! So sad!!! Looking for the next closest location... W. Lake Mead I guess.
They do sell out of items on a regular basis.  Call ahead if your looking for something particular.  We had two different types of chicken.  The 1/2 chicken had some spices that were more fiery than the wings.  Really not sure if I'll give this place another go since the spices weren't what we were looking for when it comes to BBQ.
Used to be good now not so much overpriced probably won't be coming back anytime soon
The weather is beautiful! The food is amazing! The pancake, raku and takoyaki are we're great. The takoyaki stand however had a huge line they should really look at ways of increasing volume.
This place is the best! Kudos to Greg, the owner! Cheers! Great ambience and selection of wine and beer.
Great bar with a great selection! Small place but its cozy. Cool atmosphere. If your in town and want to check out something that's cool and local, I would say this is for sure a place to stop in at.
Over charged my credit card.. Driver was rude..  Horrible costumer service..when I got my visa statement and realized they overcharged I called and they told me its to late it has been more than 24 hours since the service so they couldn't do anything.. Really that's ridiculous !
Get ready to pay 2 times any normal Starbuck.  Drip coffee grande (med) was $4.20.  I like my Starbucks, and I do drink it daily, but give me a break.
Very nice service and great food. Especially bingsoo was awesome! Its atmosphere was pretty cozy and they have a patio so I can take my dog. Also they gave me a blanket for staying at patio.
Local coffee shop with great drink options an asian dessert options. I love the ice honey lemon tea, and awesome honey toast. Awesome for me living in the southwest who thinks venturing off to china town too far.
Best Coffee House in Vegas thus far!!Try their pistachio latte it's to die for!Their tea comes in your own pot!Gonna try the Honey toast next time
Another great place recommended by fellow Yelpers! The hours a little late so you will have to enjoy a late breakfast. Coffee is excellent.
Fantastic deep dish pizza!  Very cheesy and great pomodoro sauce!  The deep dish pizza is very similar to a Detroit style pizza with the cheese directly on the dough and the pomodoro sauce on top.  Next time, I would go easy on the pomodoro sauce, but the flavor was fantastic!  The toppings get lost under the sauce, so if  you are doing a pizza with 1/2 toppings on each side - be forewarned you may not be able to visually find your 1/2 without digging through the sauce!
Awesome I used them before future business for sure. My car came out looking brand new and to heck with those overbearing sales people that do poor jobs
Service is ridiculously fast.  Power outlets under many of the booth chairs.  Free ad supported Boingo Internet.  Good selections for Vegetarians - including veggie burger option!   I found this place during a long wait for a flight back home and basically camped out here waiting for my flight.  The veggie burger was delicious as were the brews and the wait staff was very attentive and didn't rush me out or make me feel bad while I was sitting there nursing my beer while wiating for my flight.I'd highly recommend to anyone flying through Phoenix who is hungry, wants to relax and has a little time so spare.
Wonderful movers would higher agen moved everything in with respect and was really helpful at last  minute the owner was really respectful and helpful
TSA agent just called me Mofo!Yes, I was wearing a Mofo shirt! (See Morrison and Foerster Llp)TSA has always treated me respectfully and have always been friendly every time I pass through McCarran...and there have been many times.Thanks Guys and Gals of TSA!Can I get Pre-Check now?
Très bof déçue par les sandwich et soupes. Trop cher pour ce que cest. Ça vaut pas le coup
I posted a photo of the VLT sandwich. At $9 a pop, I definitely won't be going back. Nice service, though that doesn't make up for it.
I Live close by....this place is awesome!!!! It has it all and the park is still adding more activities to their park!!!!
Cool zipline, only $20.00. The stop was pretty rough, but still cool to do. The wait was a bit long too.
Had a great time. Not too scary so it's great for 1st timers. There is also a photographer at the end that does a great job capturing photos.
Still my favorite sushi place in Vegas! I order the same thing every time, all the things in the pictures! Yuuuum!!
I loved the service her they are kind to children and attentive. We had the Korean BBQ bulgogi, the Aria Roll, supa spider roll, Vegas roll, and the pink lady...2 orders of gyoza steamed and fried. So delicious this is our second trip here. Everything was made to order.
I can go back just for the kimchi fried rice.  It was so bomb.  My 4 year old loved the bulgogi, stating it was not good, it was super duper good.I think their AYCE should be a little more than just 60 minutes.  I feel like me and my group were rushing through our convo while eating and trying to see what else we can order with the short amount of time...
Happy Mother's Day is celebrated better with great and accommodating staff serving.  Birthday parties are good to celebrate here as well.  Food is never an issue. Plenty and great taste.  Thank you guys.
New cigar shop that just opened. Nice lounge, friendly people, and great cigars.It's open late, which is really convenient.
Best vape shop I have ever been to. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. I learned new things to bring my vaping to the next level. If you have questions I recommend you go here.
Amazing breakfast... amazing service.... best place to go.. if your in the area... stop by and try their wonderful breakfast.
Steve is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We love it here! The atmosphere is fantastic, calzones bigger than your face, great times!
Clean and friendly staff!!! Food is always fresh and delicious!! I come here almost every morning for breakfast.
Excellent food and service! A wonderful addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene. The warm ricotta appetizer is a must have! I had a pasta carbonara which was the special of the evening. It was wonderful. My friend had the Seabass. Also amazing!
Great Burger, great service! Kids loved the custard. You've got to try this place. The food is made fresh, so it takes a bit longer, but well worth the wait. We will be back.
Food Quality is excellent. Taste is uncomparably delicious. Atmoshere is fun, appealing, and pleasant. Great place to take the family for a treat. Service is good.
Great burger for a great value! You won't find a better burger for that cheap of a price! Staff was very friendly
Yummy fresh dumplings. Came for dinner, had the pork dumpling and the one with soup in it and it was good (xiao long bao) dipped in the sauce you mix and make (soya sauce, vinegar, and red spicy sauce).  The dumplings are freshly made and you can see the ladies working on them.  They seem steady and it's a good place to chill in the middle of the week.
Best barber I've had in Vegas. Jimmy's the man. Good people, affordable prices, best value. I will continue to drive 30 minutes across town just to come here. Thanks again!
Best barber around. You will love this place. It feels like the kind of place my grandfather would have gone back when he was a young man. Jimmy is a world-class barber and you will keep going back.
Best cut I've had. Do yourself a favor and see Jimmy. Great job. He's very attention to detail and tries to make it exactly as you requested. He takes only walk ins but totally worth the wait.
You all know that there are businesses out there that are just not that honest!I'm glad I know someone who actually is honest on this side of town to take care of all of my vehicles!!Cool people!!Excellent auto service!!You can bet you will not be taken advantage of!!I know because I know the man that ran this business!He's got an awesome crew!!
You want a tattoo?   Go see Boston, great tattoo artist...  He can design anything you want!
Best chicken fingers I ever had!Everything in the box combos is good. Just pick how many fingers you want lol. Service is good. Parking good.Nice décor of old school movies and dogs.Wish we had Canes in Cali dam it! Its all good another excuse to come back to AZ.
Great food! Awesome customer service. Had several different things and the same quality on all. Price is also great. You get a lot for your money.
Great store and love the expanded furniture areas! So glad to find the new location. Super excited to have learned that the World Marketplace samples are here too!
Pulling acrylic tips off is unacceptable.I highly recommend you to NOT get your nails done at this establishment.
Great food. Real value for money. Amazing staff and mouth watering food.. You must try the poutine a taouk, one the specialty of Shawarmaz. Will definitely come here every time I visit Montreal.
Excellent food and dining with friendly and courteous staff. A very modern and unique atmosphere that feels open and visually appealing. A trendy facility located in the heart of the city with a fantastic menu.
Service was great! Food was either bland or too salty. Sangria is tasty. Entertainment was great, nobody seemed to notice but us.  Would come back for sangria and entertainment.
Food was cold and not true Spanish tapas. Would never go back even with a Groupon. No windows which made me feel like I was in a dungeon.
wow...just wow.....never again! !!....there's just to much to say.....was never given happy hour prices. ..was out of 3 different beers.... was told I had to buy a bowl of guacamole (for $5.00) when all I wanted was aside... $6.00 for a draft beer ...the manager words to me were...SORRY YOU FEEL THAT WAY
Very legit and authentic Mexican food. You will not be disappointed. Probably the best Mexican food in Pittsburgh.
Best Mexican Food in Pittsburgh! Great staff. Always friendly. Try their special when there, usually home made that day. Tamales are excellent. The tortilla soup is the best you have had. Family friendly.
50% off for seniors. Lots of quality brands.  Supports a great cause.  Store was clean.  Clothing hung up well.  Able to slide hangers to look at items. Not overstuffed racks. Great staff and great bargains.
Great food, awesome service!  We had the guacamole burger, BBQ burger, Cobb salad, and the apple cranberry salad.Everyone loved the food.
Located inside Frys Grocery Store, can be a lol hectic on Sarurdays due to families buying groceries.  However customer service is good.  All the fall drinks are in, make sure you come try it out
Super fun! They did a great job! It was really a 5k, the lines were not that bad considering how many people were there. The volunteers were all very helpful and so nice. It's hilarious watching people try and do some of them.
Nothing special in terms of food.  Nice atmosphere for happy hour. The food was just ok. I would only go back for drinks.
Drinks were good, atmosphere was good, but the "general manager" was a smug, condescending, entitled nightmare! I was with a big group and we simply pointed out the lack of service and he was very immature and unapologetic in his reaction.  Major disappointment. I thought that a place in my neighborhood would've upheld the "standards" of North Scottsdale and acknowledged, at the very least, the lack of customer service, but I guess I'll let my expectations hold their breath for higher caliber places.
Pretty tasty cheesy jalapeño popcorn, great service and good quality!
Very friendly and the Dole Whip Float was delicious. The prices are a little high but worth it.
Best BBQ ever. Love it all. I follow him around the city to get his food. I have tried the pulled pork and the brisket and they both blew me away. My 4yr old daughter is picky about what she eats, but she immediately fell in love with the brisket and wants it every time we see him. The food is so good i always finish it in the car before i get home.
Give them a chance it's newly open, may be food will get better. Service was great and friendly, that is a plus side of business.
Horrible flavorless Ramen I would not eat here again if it was free!!!!! Beware, we were also ignored by the server
I like the bacon egg and cheese sandwich in the morning from here. Not greasy and ya it's microwaved- but what's not in this terminal? The bread is fresh and the sandwich is hot. If I was a smoothie guy I would've gone to Rachael's but a solid breakfast sandwich
Outstanding customer service.    Awesome juice flavor and price.   Highly recommend. Chris has always treated me with upmost respect. Always there to answer questions.  It by far is a great place to try flavors and not be rushed out the door. And the whole staff actually talks to everyone not just their friends. True customer service at its finest.
Great service. I will be calling Ryan again. He cleared up my swimming pool right away.
Great food, great ber and most of all great entertainment. Love it.... this place is great,  insanely great fun, and lots of karaoke people even during the week.  Love it.
Great place, great staff, great food. We got lost on the way and called staff who were so helpful. After that, the food didn't disappoint! Will definitely be back.
Clean, great prices and FRESH. Staff friendly and had good ambiance. I love fresh spring rolls and #27
Very nice little restaurant.  Good food. Owner / manager is genuinely concerned about our dining experience.  Also he accommodates some special requests (example: my wife likes vegetarian spring rolls which are not on menu, yet he orders his chef to make them for us).  The Banh Xeo, a savory Vietnamese crepe, is light, crispy and delicious.  Bun Bo Hue, a spicy beef pork noodle soup, is also very good.  While the food is very good, the atmosphere and service from the wait staff is basic.Rating: Recommended.Opening hoursTue - Thu = 10:00 AM - 8:30 PMFri - Sun = 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM Mon = closed
Super good pho. Nice little restaurant. The service was good, friendly. Quality service. It wasn't the best that I have ever had but it was still very good. Get the classic #16.
I can never give Chick Fil A lower than 5 stars. Always go for the spicy chicken sandwich with waffle fries and chick fil a sauce. You'll never, ever go wrong with it. I believe it should be a crime to have THAT succulent, juicy, and tender of a fried chicken breast.
Bon resto mais pas exceptionnel , bon service mais cher pour la qualité des plats. L'ambiance était bonne quand même mais je pense pas y retourner.
Awesome place! Love sitting on the patio. :-) This is my first time here and from now on I'm going to try each pasty...just go down the list.
If you like pizza pockets with flavor and different meats This is your place. I am not kidding these are gourmet pizza pockets not your college pizza pockets
love love it!!yummy for our tummy!!!everything on the menu is delicious ! reasonable prices
He's Polite and he knows what he is doing! I am definitely going back!  If your looking for a good hair cut you have to go to him!
Great atmosphere and great food!  Love the outdoor seating arrangement. Service was great until it came to split the check.  You'd have thought she had to enlist the mayor to break things out.  But overall great service. Will definitely go back next time in town.
Best nachos ive ever had fully loaded and stuffed mushrooms to die for. Lettuce wraps are Fab too dont have a bad word to say about this place
Amazing spot! Live music and more. Easy access and a lot of fun. Right off the strip and will satisfy what you're looking for. Amazing food and more. Beer pong beer bong and lots of fun. With live entertainment.
Great atmosphere!  Awesome drinks! Killer burgers!  Ask for Sylvia she is da' bomb! Great open air to outside!  Just past the Monte Carlo!  I suggest the double barrel spiked iced tea!
Way overpriced, mediocre food with apathetic service. We had a side of ribs and a pulled pork sandwich. Neither were particularly good, although the French fries were hot and crispy.  Our server never inquired whether our orders were correct when they were brought out or whether they were even good. After being ignored for several minutes, I finally got up myself and got ketchup from another table. My husband had a glass of Cabernet for $12 which could not have been more than 3-4 ounces.
Delicious food and great service we had the chicken verde amazing and the BBQ hamburger with brisket on top it was amazing definitely a good mealFor your money
Amazing "roadhouse"food! The Bacon Candy, Chicken Nachos, and Brisket Sliders  were all really amazing! We were happy that we made this choice. The drinks were fine. The Tito's Mule was ok. The ginger beer that they use tastes very "molasses like". If you're into that very spicy version of ginger beer, then you'll like it. Other than that, I'd eat here again!
The food and service here is amazing.  The best bbq pork and beef nachos are here!  My husband and I came here had a couple of drinks and enjoy the food.Josh the manager has an awesome team.
Clean and Modern office with a very nice staff. I enjoyed my experience overall. Office is modern designed and comfortable to be in for any length of time
Get on the list and shop for 20 min in the strip mall on sat and Sundays. After 130pm it slows down.   They have a great Hawaiin vibe, with Asian backround, so its so good!   Kalua Pork benedict is to die for, the pancakes are ridiculous and amazing creations.  5 star breakfast, always a wait on weekends!    5 STAR RECOMMENDED!!
Best bananas foster pancakes! Friendly service and great food! Carrot cake pancakes and the red velvet are also awesome! Very accommodating if you'd like changes or substitutes. I've been there twice so far and received excellent service each time :) the food comes out fast !
This place is awesome. Food is delicious. Its a ma and pop feel. Great service. Every person so far has been very nice and quick.
Pretty tasty....great portions.  I would eat there again for sure.  It is busy, so call well ahead for your to-go orders.
Girls night, happy hour and shareable food(; happy hour all day Friday. Drinks are awesome, and bartenders are super nice.  Check in and get a coupon too:) the goblets are worth it. Chicken fingers are good for two people $10 (;
Awesome place! Lauren is the best! Great service! Love the drinks, most definitely will go for seconds!
Sugar factory was great! Our waitress Nessa was so sweet!!! A great Las Vegas experience everyone should enjoy!
Very tasty!! Great atmosphere and treats! Our service was excellent. . Loved the lollipop gobblet
Delicious! White chocolate coconut frozen hot chocolate was to die for!Service was a bit slow and seemed like everyone was a trainee.
Great service yummy food !!! Love the goblet this place is amazing! Can't wait to come back again their steak is so yummy!!!
Warning: Do not wear White.  Wear something you don't mind getting messy.  Oh... and if you have any little cuts or pick your cuticles... you'll feel the sting from the hot sauce.So... as you walk in, you notice that all the tables are covered with white plastic and everyone is wearing bibs and most are wearing gloves.  Right off the bat, you know this is going to be an culinary adventure in some messy eating.  And oh man is it.The menu is pretty simple... mostly shellfish... so if you are allergic I suggest you stay FAR away from this place.They don't have salads on the menu... or really any type of veggie other than corn and potatoes... nothing green anyways.  So, don't go expecting to get a side salad with your shrimp.You can get rice, french fries, sweet potato fries, hush puppy-like dish and bread to help soak up all the yummy sauce.We got 1 lb each of shrimp and king crab legs with the Hot and Juicy sauce, Mild.  Their Mild is like most other places Medium.  It's got a nice kick to it and after eating a couple pounds of shellfish... your mouth is "warm".  (Good thing that Nielsens Frozen Custard is in the same shopping center.)So you eat the shellfish with your hands... Peel and Eat right from the bag.They serve it to you in big plastic bags.... no platters... no plates.  They do have plastic spoons for the rice tho.The sauce is Great!  And I want to go back and try the Lemon Pepper which I hear is really great too!The shrimp and crab legs were meaty and had good texture... but it's all about the sauce and the experience.We had fun playing with our dinner... and because you eat slower... you get full faster.  So, I think that's a good thing, right?  :)Service was super friendly. This would be fun with a group of people.
Great service! Food was great! Everyone was awesome will defiantly be back soon, they also have my favorite beer SAPPORO witch is even more awesome everyone there is fast and friendly
Great food, fair prices and great customer service, this place is perfect. It's also right next to Twin Peaks which has the coldest beer in town and an abundance of tv's to watch whatever sporting event you want to see.
These Guys Were Soooooo Bomb I Would Definitely Come Here Again !!!! The Fact You Can Eat Messy Is What Makes The Food That Much Better Lol But Overall It was A Great 1st Experience The Waitresses Are Super Friendly And I Enjoyed Them And My Meal As Well Thumbs Up ... Any suggestions on what else to try let me know .... Oh and i had a lb of shrimp which was more than enough
Great food Service is ok I frequently dine at this location. Friendly people and always delicious food.
we walways go here everytime we crave for spicy.this is my all time fave resto.price is okay.servers are okay.waiting time  is not that long.this is the place we always go whenever theres visitor in our house.
The Worst PEDICURE Of My life. My 11 year old daughter gives a better pedicure. The woman would not stop talking. She cut my skin around my toes. Cut my nails into the corners,  I'll probably have an ingrown toenail. I have about 20 layers of polish and they still look aweful. Worst experience. Completely uncomfortable. Nothing relaxing whatsoever.
Food was fantastic!! Burger was the best I. HAVE had in Charlotte.The home made BBQ chips were very unique. The homemade ranch dressing was fantastic!
Love! Love! Love!  Best hamburger and sweet tea ever!  Great staff too!  This place rocks.  Great menu, interesting combinations.   He food was fresh and prepared very well.  The staff was fun and very proud of their work and they should be too.I will be back a lot!
Brilliant. Really took care of our 5 and 6 year old kids. Food was excellent as was the Saki.
I love it! Good service and the sushi is soooo good. Worth the extra $$$. The OMG is the best!
Solid Food but just have to wait for a long time when there's people before you. The Alligator is epic!
Simply stated......Perfection!These are takeout photos.The food is always delicious. Soups are all incredibly delicious.  Owners are like family!
Never again so many things wrong with this place. They took an hour to serve our appetizer and all the food was super salty first and last time honestly
1. Kimchi salsa2. Bulgogi burrito3. Go!Pros:   Great Korean Mexican Fusion   Decent Service   Decent Prices   Serves Beer and Soju   This location EZ Parking and Not PackedCons:   Decor could use a little bump
Thank god they opened one on the sw part of town. We love everything on the menu! We usually get the taco w kimchi on the side, and the spam fried rice.
First time here, service was good and fast, food was excellent.  Tacos were big and my bulgogi was perfect, No kids menu, but when we ordered they offered kid size for us.  Great place and we will be back
This barbershop is horrible they say they close at 9pm it was 7:43pm when I walked in and they said they're closed 2 barbers were there and said "I'm done" bad business don't come here. Piece of shit ass business. They were rude.
So awesome! Such a unique night! You will be stimulated with awe the whole time! It is a small and intimate place with lots of action which is a nice change when it comes to Vegas clubs. You feel as though you're part of the show. Great for a girls night or a date night!
Literally the best club I have ever been too. Ever! From Dancing Elmo's to a circus show. It was a blast!
Excellent food, yummy custard, amazing service. I've gone here for about 4 months (since moving to AZ) and this location has been my favorite go to for late night snacks after practices or as a treat night for wins. You won't be disappointed.
Very professional service and reasonable.  Tags gone in a flash‼ K-yong addressed my fears of pain with gentle re-assurances and i can't believe what a great job she did.
Morning shift people are great...... always have my orders on time...food is always hot and delicious...
Awesome! Love this place! My lashes always come out amazing!!!!  I've been here several times and have always had a great experience. And the chairs are super comfy!
Great service. Beautiful job. Sequoia was my lash specialist. She was very informative.
Love this place and service is always excellent! Always chill when I come in! Always get the glamorous and Miranda is awesome!
Love getting my lashes done at gorgeous lash lounge. Ofelia did a great job. Get your lashes done here ladies.
Awesome place! Love my lashes :) Sequavia was amazing and it only took an hour and a half!
Very professional and my lashes always look amazing!!! Will for sure keep coming back!! Lenny is super awesome!!
Great tasty food at reasonable pricesTry the chicken Swarma  much deliciousTapas are fantastic!
Awesome sub and polite quick service today! Will take this over subway any day. Picked the chicken hot sub, great meat products, actually really meat. Not that junk lunch meat from other places. Solid spot.
Good food.  Good service.  Nice lunch menu.  Small restaurant with big value that can seat 40.  Open kitchen (like an old diner).  certified by inspector as A - 97.0.  They show they care, especially waitress.  Flexible on things customers desires of food and menu (you can order off the dinner menus if what you want is not showing on the lunch menu for example).  The house soup could be a meal by itself.
Love the buffet, the service, location, and atmosphere. Service is fantastic and the beverages were good
Great staff, best salsa I've had.  All around good people and good food. The shrimpsadilla is where it's at.  There are a lot of good Mexican restaurants in the area and this one is going on the normal rotation.
They make great pizza and it's very tasty!I love that you can get them to make the pizza and you take it home and cook it in the oven. You know it's fresh and can make it just how you like.
I really like it. Glad you guys are here for the holidays! Chris H. Helped us, and he was so very helpful.I was able to get all family something for Christmas. They basically saved my Christmas! I financed all my purchases, cause  i have been dealing with health problems these past couple months, and missed lots of work. Went to Conn's just to see what the letter they sent me of a Pre-Approval, and it is totally legitamate! Conns gave me a PHAT line of credit, so it has saved my 2013 Christmas! : ) Thanks Guys!!! I will be back for that iComfort king size bed, and the 80 inch TV!!!
Great food and service! Would highly recommend. Had the pulled pork sandwich. Tried friends brisket, ribs and all were tender and tasty.
Food was pretty good for the price, and drinks for 5 bucks?  Awesome...also my 3 year old ate all the food on his kids plate, so that makes any parent happy....even if it is Mac and cheese and chicken fingers and not broccoli lol
Awesome food and great prices. We ordered the pho, pork sandwich, pork plate and spring rolls.  Everything was amazing!
Protein, protein, protein!!!  I love the chicken here and the bistek is delicious.  Come here once a week!
Very nice employees and good food would love to go again :) since it was such a fast service
Was not impressed and I love curry! The staff member we dealt with was rude and I didn't like my food and she refused to take it off my bill.
They will always take time and take care of you. Beth, Sarah, and Levi are awesome. They are friendly and caring. If you want something wild this is not the place for you, but if you want healthy beautiful hair then come here. You can't beat the prices for the service! Also Levi gives amazing  pedicure leg massages! Salon uses Bumble products that remind me of the beach and always leave my hair super soft! Family owned! I support local! :)
6 to 7 hours to have the auto butler service done, this place sucks! Ended up taking 4 hours, however I had to go to service advisor to see what was going on, when I got the car it was very hot inside, which tells me it sat outside for quite awhile, I then looked at the service order and the finish time was 10:30am, only 1 1/2 hours when I got there. So why did it take four hours, no communication from service advisor or tech who did the work.
Call a head for quick pick up. $1 draft beer on Wednesday.Look on the website for coupons. We ordered the 18" monster Pizza with one topping and 12 wings for $18.95. It was plenty to feed 2 hungry kids and 2 hungry adults. I was able to order half the wings naked and half with Hot Buffalo sauce and extra crispy. The Hot is not super hot and has good flavor. The naked wings are perfect for the kids and got eaten up before the pizza. Love the fact they actually came extra crispy!! Pizza was huge and had tons of black olives and cheese. This is our 3rd time doing take out and we will be back for more.
The Caesar salad and lobster ravioli is to die for! We will definitely be back!! My husband had the chicken parm sub, kids had pizza and pasta. We loved everything! We are new to the area and loved this restaurant!
Love the pizza!  Live music nights are great!  Central location in Fort Mill with a nice local gathering.  Also a good spot to watch a game with a few friends.
Johns awesome went to junkyard got part rebuilt it for same price he rocks very nice and honest highly recommend him
Great place.  Highly recommend. Friendly people.   Great food and excellent lay out. When you have a wife and son that can't do dairy this place is an excellent place to get dairy free and gluten free things.
Amazing gluten-free breakfast joint.  A must-go!!  The baked goods are to die for and the specials are a hit (including the chicken and waffles).  It's a great place to bring a group and a sure sign the gluten-free phenomenon is here to stay.
I tried the special omelette and my wife had the taco Omelette both underwhelming and just can't get above 2 stars on this one.
Fabulous biscuits and gravy - enjoyed every bite!  Such a treat to enjoy biscuits out in a fabulous GF bakery
Recommended!!!! It is not a huge one, but a really really sweet chapel!!! No reservation is not a big deal, everything can be settled in few hours. That is really helpful and useful!!!!!! People are really really nice. Anyways, a good place to go!!!!
Came back the very next day. I will be craving the Guru burger for weeks. This seriously needs to be on a vegan foodie bucket list.
Must try: # Tiff's Waffle Macchiato! Yummy coffee. Nice people. The wafflewiches are good too!
Amazing food and great service! Nothing better then eating at a place with good food and smiles from the whole staff. Definitely coming back!
Great service, a hidden gem inside Partells pharmacy, love the wheat grass juice. Smoothies are Delicious, everything is made fresh.  A great value.  I highly recommend, open 9 to 6, skip the coffee and go green you will get an all day energy boost.
This business is closed now.  This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now.
Great food, service and atmosphere. We drive a ways to get here but loved it. They have gluten free pizza, too. The one up north has good food and service but not the expanded menu and new building and decor you find here.
Very good fries!!!!!!A knock off on the in & out burgerA great amount of parking.Cool interior with neat stuff in the men's roomVery approachable and talkative staff
Great burgers !! Love the ketchup bar, different flavor for every burger bite :)   Generous portion of fries and the Bloody Mary was delicious !
Worst service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They walk away while your ordering. They were not even busy!!!!!!!!!!! It's not brain surgery.
This would be a Great place to bring friends. Great place. Good food. Coming back. Had black beans salad & pulled pork sandwich.
Awesome service, delicious food, & yummy Thai Tea! It's definitely a little spot that I'll be back to.
Love the food! Delicous, would definitely recommend this place to anyone! I particularly enjoyed the Tom kha and the Pad Thai
Finally a Starbucks on my way to work. It's inside Frys Marketplace.  Nothing really to say other than it's new and clean and it's Starbucks.
I've been to the one in Asheville and was excited to try the Charlotte location. Worst service I have ever received in my life. Will not ever be going back.
Wasn't bad but wasn't impressed either. Their sweet potatoes could use some help. The biscuits they bring out at the beginning are very good though.
This place is great! They give you so much food. Good southern comfort food. Don't go before 12 pm on Sunday though or you cannot partake in any alcoholic beverages.
Sat at the bar and had great service! Food was great! Tried almost all of their appetizers - the bbq egg roll things were very good
Pimento cheese and Bloody Marys may be the best in Charlotte! The outside sitting is absolutely amazing but parking can be difficult depending on time since its a shared lot.
Kim is so sweet and my nails turned out exactly how I wanted. They have a ton of options for gel colors and everything is very clean.
April is amazing and my critters love her. Highly recommend her.  She is very accommodating and offers other service.
Unorganized, understaffed, over rated, enough said, we waited for over an hour for a hot dog
Some good home finger lickin good food that hits the spot!  Stop by at the Gilbert Food Truck Fest in Gilbert, AZ
Good for late night dining.  Overall, the food I've gotten here has been pretty good for late night dining.  The wings here are decent.  The cookie dessert is good but a little bit small.  The service has been fine all 3 times that I have been here now and the manager is a nice guy - our first time there he introduced himself and brought us dessert for free so that we could try it.  The chicken fingers are good too.  They have a full bar and lots of TV's to watch different games.
GHETTO! Don't say I didn't warn you. After staying a week at the SLS in Miami I fell in love.  I wanted to relive that memory so I booked this hotel.  It's a completely different experience.
Not to impressed with the shuttle to the resort. The driver looks half asleep and only picks up in t-1.
Not to impressed with the shuttle to the resort. The driver looks half asleep and only picks up in t-1.
Beware...it is a ghost town here. Keys are deactivated easily and if your name wasn't used to purchase the room...you are screwed. Stay tuned for my article in Cosmo:)
Bad!!!!!!!  Horrible!!!! From valet to registration.  Everyone confused and argumentative. Thought we pulled into SLS Beverly Hills, but more like Motel 6 Las Vegas!!!
Hands down, my FAVORITE place to eat lunch downtown.I go to Istanbul Grille for lunch at least twice a week and I have never had a bad meal. They also give you plenty of food, so it is more than worth the price.
Best tacos ever! The service was great and its very clean! The carne is my favorite. I haven't tried the burgers but my friend said they were good!
Awesome. Just like chipolte but better 6 different marinated meatsGrandma Julia was here.  Working away. Try her own recipe Colorado style beef
Amazing! Food and customer service are wonderful. Forget chipotle, filibertos or taco bell, Julia's top notch food for a great price. I have never been disappointed
Service ok. Carré d'agneau excellent. Risotto au homard correct. Service de sommelier très bon. Décor très réussi.
Horrible. Go to Willy Ty's.  I understand downtown Nitty Gritty doing OK due to the college crowd, but the food is bad.  Nice bar I will assume this will not last much longer.
Nice ambience and good food.. Courteous staff.. Falafel is very tasty.. Prices are reasonable and a must try for Mediterranean food lovers
Love love love!! Words cannot express my satisfaction with this place. The service was phenomenal and the food was just perfect.
Everything is amazing.  Favorite is the pork ramen.. Great for dinner.  Happy hour is the perfect way to try different stuff.
Shrimps with trifecta sauce is the best! The King crab leg with garlic sauce is worth to try.
Great atmosphere!  Food is even better. Best place in town to get seafood. Whatever you get make sure to always add corn, sausage, and potatoes. It's cheap and will give you a cut from the seafood. You can't go wrong with the shrimp, king crab, or lobster.
Prepare to get messy!Simple and basic menu. Not a whole lot of choices for appetitizers. But not a big deal because it's only a matter of a few minutes that your meal is served after ordering. Very quick turnaround time from the point you order and the point of "digging in".  I ordered the King Crab with cajun seasoning and medium spice. My boyfriend got the same but shrimp instead. We both enjoyed our seafood. Delicious!  I wish they would have had some appealing sides on their menu. The ones they did have listed just sounded kinda blah. Maybe something like red beans & rice, dirty rice, fried green tomatoes, or fried okra would have gone nicely with the meal. All in all pretty good experience. The only disappointment was it took the waitress about 10 minutes to realize we were finished with our meals and still needed refills of iced tea. And then another 5 minutes to wait for the check. We will return.
This place is amazing! I'd eat here once a week if I could. I love spice, and they have spice. I love beer, and they have beer (and mules). It's always a safe bet to get a bag of fresh shellfish, but they're baskets are great as well. Being your friends, bring your family, and don't forget to wear your bib.
Best seafood in Arizona! I always get the pound of headless shrimp trifecta. The snow crab is great too. The wait times can be long but it's definitely worth it!
It was amazing and the food is fresh but its a little on the pricy side. My favorite is the lobster.
Awesome food!  Great service!!  Thank you Eric!  The king crab in the pacific rim sauce was worth the price per pound and my ruined manicure!
A+++++ service and food is great. Best filipino food in town. I been there several times and the place is always clean. The prices are just right.
OMG AMAZING! They expanded their menu and its bomb.com!!! The customer service represents the filipino culture to the fullest...Welcoming and most of all it's genuine! The prices range from $2.99 to $12.99 from an appetizer to a dinner plate...unless you're getting that boat with food that'll feed an entire village it will run you $65 bucks. that's like $6.50 for 10 people...not bad at all!
Daura Damm GF beer available and for a first visit, this pleased me a lot!I don't find myself in Leith that often and although we've had a few brunches in Leith, I've always found the menu's to be lacking in GF friendliness so I've tended to avoid.The Lioness is one of the new gang of pubs which have opened over the last year or so. All reclaimed furniture, lots of wood and even a pinball machine you can sit at. We of course sat at the pinball machine for novelty value but not the most comfortable as I hate sitting on stools.So, GF beer available - yay! We grabbed some quick snacks - chips which were ok and nothing outstanding hence the three stars. If I'm in the area then I probably would pop back and try some more of the menu as there were GF friendly dishes listed and maybe will increase the star rating.
Ill give them a second chance. It was just a bad night!! The staff didnt seem to know how to handle the crowd and yet the place wasnt packed. We had to wait to be seated,wait on our drinks, wait on our food. This was s my first time there. The manager came to apologize and gave us an appetizer on the house. So ill definitely go back and give them a second chance. It was just one bad night.
Best Mexican in Las Vegas. Been going there for years. We love the service and food. Awesome atmosphere and people.
The food was amazing, service was also amazing definitely recommend it. Chips and salsa amazing Fajitas amazingBeer amazing
Mmmmmmm....  The best!  Never disappointed!  So many delicious choices but the pork is always tender and juicy!!
Food was great and soWas the service! Great quality and would highly recommend it! Try the chile relenos it was out of this world
I love this  place !!!! I always   do my hair in Lydia's  Hair Designs because they have the best prices   in town  and they  are  very  professional  and very  nice  people!!! I  recommend this  place!!!
Clean efficient processes. Kind friendly staff.  Cameras accessible through camp bow wow app so that you can keep an eye on your dogs!
Really like their Pho.  Vegetarian .  Luncheon specials great!  Always good service and friendly.  Great for lunch!  Low calorie but filling.  My new favorite place.  Try it!
We live in  Glendale and was excited to go here. Akward small salsa bar. No one greeted us as we came in. Self seating I assume. Who works here? No uniforms.  Nasty standing water by salsa bar. This food better be good! Weird way to get to the salsa bar where you have to twist and turn. No utensils or napkins on tables. You have to ask and wait.  Positive.  Music and atmosphere is good. The outside patio looks nice. The prices are decent and they look to have a good vision. They have really nice art work but walls need painting.  Seating is good and looks nice wooden tops and cast iron details.A bit more attention to details and some training will have this a destination for Glendale folks who want authenticity yet do not want to go near the hustle and bustle of Westgate.
I would say taco shop is a misnomer. It is a small restaurant/ bar. Very interesting food, not typical "Taco shop" fare by any means.Ive been there a few times now, their quesadillas are more like calzones, very tasty!Portion size is good.Their chocolate cake is a must order.They have a strange salsa bar, a lot of "novelty" salsa. Interesting for sure.The paper and plastic baskets instaed of plates is one thing, but, too nice inside for use of the cheapest plastic flatware ever made, (not even the decent ones) Please buy bulk stainless @ Costco. That plastic is useless, hard to eat with.I would recommend this place for sure.
This is my favorite boba place. Parking is kinda a pain sometimes.  The girls are friendly and cute.
Best spot to hit up in Downtown. Good food and a fun atmosphere for the whole family. Even adults can go on the slides ;) go go go!I've never been to a place like this before.  I first noticed the place when I ran the Las Vegas Rock n' Roll marathon. The fire breathing pray mantis was what got me curious. I finally got to check out the place back in January when a group of my friends and I hit the downtown scene. We went bar hoping and then checked out the Container Park. After 9pm the park doesn't allow minors in the facility. It was really cool that playground was open to "children of all ages" so we were able to go up on the super tall slide. It felt good to be a child again. The security guards and staff around the park are very welcoming and friendly. Totally a Vegas must...Go go GO!!!
The dessert is really good out here. It's my first time here at the container park. People should check this place out.
Fun place for the family. Although my 2 1/2 year old son was very disappointed when they told him he was too little to go down the slides.
This place is cool. Nice places to eat and a super place for kids to play. Looks as though some of the stores might be "Pop Up" type stores. On the second level there's a vegetable place to get things to go. Head on down to The Perch for a nice sit down meal.
Pinches Restaurant is what comes to mind when someone mentions container park. Besides the crazy slides they have that's waiting for a lawsuit cause all the kids that comes out says "ow I hit my head but it was fun" Anyways its a bit pricey but AL PASTOR with the hottest sauce they have, CORN ON THE COB and horchata to wash it down. Bomb! ~Fin~
So my first visit to Container Park was oh-so-magical.  The fire-breathing praying mantis, the adult slide, the cozy feel.  Sit upstairs for a view - they'll bring the food up there. -:)Their asada taco and margarita are the two things I keep coming back for.  They let their meat marinate in something oh-so-tasty and it's always so tender & flavorful.It may be a little pricier than average but not only is it Downtown it's also in Container Park, so that doesn't really matter to me.  I get great food, great drinks and a great view.
Nice break from the overpriced strip.  Great food, service, and margaritas!  Guacamole and salsa is fresh and plentiful.  Best tongue tacos.
Great food with lots of traditional flavors!.  It located in container park so there is lots for kids to do.
This place is now closed. This used to be a quiet oasis in a sea of frantic shoppers trying to find the best deals. It has been replaced with a couch, two easy chairs and a kids' carousel ($1 per ride).I'm not sure how close the nearest wine bar is now but, if you want a beer, the Thirsty Lion Gastropub is just down/up the mall.
Well this place has a lot of potential but sadly doesn't come very close to it. The food looks delicious, the BBQ is tasty, but the bun was kind of soggy, the Mac & Cheese, Baked Beans & Potato salad looked great, but had really no taste, pretty much just bland. With a little effort it could be a lot better! The pulled pork from the sandwich, the beef brisket and the shredded chicken were great with just the BBQ sauce. They have some decent outdoor seating across from the kids play area. BTW: great place for kids!! but don't come after a 5k cause its crazy busy!!
The loaded potato was amazing! And the sweet tea was really good. It had everything on it including brisket yummy goodness.
Friendly Staff, Good Music and Great FoodI had the Brisket with 2 Ribs, the meat was perfect. I had Coleslaw and Collard Greens, everything had good flavor, I will definitely visit again.
Mmmm great burgers frys n omelets... Big portions a shower if you stink and a car and semi truck wash everyone's super friendly...
Amazing!  Thats the best brisket I have ever had!  Moist and tender.  Ribs were great as well.  All home made, fresh ingredients.  Friendly staff!
Best russian restaurant in Vegas. Extremely clean place and food was amazing!! If you are russian or love russian food there's no better place. Also the pricing is very reasonable. Not over priced like the strip.
Tasty food, polite and solicitous service. The ambience is a little subdued, but works well with the theme of the place.
Authentic chinese food. Good price too. We will be back. 推荐皮蛋瘦肉粥。。the lady was friendly. Wish we found this place sooner.
Csme for some rice and chicken with ginger sauce! I am so excited to try something new. Work dinner/ breakfast. Whatever it is you  want to call it. We are doing the do. Let's get it!!!
Good stuff! Swabeng busog! Masarap! Kaya kumain na kayo dito! I highly recommend this place!
Super flavors. Nice people. Check it out. They make their own Mexican style ice cream and sorbet. Tamarind is my favorite.
super fast delivery- delicious food, awesome! We tried a bunch of different food and it all had great flavor. I really liked the vegetables in light garlic sauce- actually had flavor instead of that bland white sauce at other places. We will order delivery again many times for sure! I recommend this place!
Very good and fresh food. Thursdays women are half price. But overall worth every cent. My wife loves it
Amazing sushi and the pad thai was WOW I almost cried it was So good!! :) and Really fast delivery too
Come for the mille feuilles gelato! I could not resist. After a day of shopping for juicers (oh yea, I'm trying to be more healthy) with no success, I walked past the Paysanne Gelato stand between the Eaton Center and the TD mall (are they still called that?) and spied the mille feuille decorating the top of a bed of gelato. Could it be?One of my favourite desserts is Mille Feuilles so I definitely had to try a scoop. I had a baby version, a little $3, delicious, decadent and not too sweet.
The best pistachio ice cream in montreal...I always go there just for that...they have many kind of flavour!
Great customer service and the ice cream is delicious!!! It is decorated very modern and this location has so many flavors to choose from.
Great class! GREAT FOOD! Learned a bunch. Great resource. The store also had good prices and all the essentials.
Everything I try here is great! Seriously! Everything. I suggest the try 3 or the tamales, and if they have watermelon water, you MUST try it!
Dopest dope I have ever smoked. Great costume service ,cornucopia flavors, great vibes . This store we be around for a while
Awesome vape shop. Friendly staff. Always a great experience. The store is super clean and they have a large selection of juices. Even though I'm in here only a couple-few times a month. They always seem to remember me.
Great customer service and great juice to choose from.I've only been there two times but am going to be a regular customer.
Rhonda was great!!!! Thanks for the recommendations!!! Not you average vape shop, high end and sleek. Definitely a step up from what i am used to. Can't wait to come back and they always have great deals too. Thanks again Rhonda!
Looking for good tacos? Then look elsewhere. The meat is bland and very dry, the fish & chicken, super bland. Some may find this place as OK as long as they have never had really good tacos or Mexican food before.  If your idea of Mexican food is The likes of Taco Bell or the drive thru taco/burro shop, then this place may be your step up. If you know and like real Mexican food because this this is Arizona & all, you will be very disappointed with the food at Blanco.
A go to favorite. Never disappointed always happy with service and meals. The menu is diverse for all tastes. A consistent Fox concept restaurant.
Love this place never have had a bad meal yet and the service is just as good. The prices are really good for the size you get and best tacos in that area.
Love love! The food is always fabulous and the service is great. Love it, it's always very busy but we always have stellar service and the street corn is amazing! Both locations around me are equally great so get its a win win
Very good service. Excellent foodOwner came over to talk with us and make recommendations about the food. Very good experience
Fantastic vegan food! Great customer service! Holly can veganize anything and make it delicious. I love her chocolate ganache tarts, smores pie, monkey bread, fudge, and basically everything else. Highly recommend her stand! She offers oil free, gluten free, and nut free scrumptious options! You will not regret it!
Good sliders. ... Roasted Cornish hen pretty tasty.This is a fairly new establishment inside the MGM Grand. Good place for group dinner so you can order a variety of dishes to share dishes. Overall ambiance is dim/dark and provides an intimate setting. Of the three pizzas we ordered for the group, the wild mushroom pizza had the fontina cheese and stood out as the best. The angus mini sliders are juicy and were cooked medium rare. Half roasted chicken were also juicy and moist.
Great decor, great service, GREAT FOOD. Best dining experience I've in Vegas. Be warned though, dishes are served Tapas style, in threes... Can result in awkward glances when it's a dinner for two...
Amazing items! Beautifully curated! Unbelievable prices! I wish I had a larger place so I could fill it with unique and quirky items.
Good looking classic gym. I'm going to have to go back and try their classes out. The lady Whom I talked to  was very helpful, and price is pretty low. Like I said in the beginning this is a classic boxing gym so that you won't be a lot of big weights but you have cardio and plyo equipment, bags, and a full ring.
The place is very small. They  were out of ribs :-( so I got a brisket sandwich. The brisket was perfectly seasoned, tender and moist. The bottom half of the bun never stood a chance and was a soggy sponge in just a few minutes. They need a thicker bun especially for to-go orders. I will definitely try them again I just hope they have ribs.
WOW! This restaurant is gorgeous! Since my friend's last name is Henry we sure had fun with the camera in regards to the decor and parking signs. Haha. Inside the place I felt like I was back in long Island in South Hampton on an episode of Revenge. lol- classy beach style. Except the whole front door, cheesy arrow sign that does not really match the theme. What's up with that? Okay, truth be told I love it anyway.  I chuckled at another reviewer that said he thought he was in a POLO catalog. I can see that, maybe, but not really. Anyway long story short the place is very pretty as everyone else has noted. The food and service are typical of a Fox restaurant experience. I have never had bad food or service at any Fox restaurant yet. They have a group mentality when it comes to serving so it is always wonderful with everyone helping. Their staff get extensive training on how to serve and it shows. I just do not believe bad reviews for service. I know stuff happens but I have eaten at Fox restaurants many, many times and it is always the same. All staff  members help at all tables. Their training is superb compared to other food places. For food we had the Popovers. The verdict is still out for me on the ham flavored butter. I like ham but I am not sure why this product exists. lol The waiter said Vegans like it. I did not dislike it per say I just thought it was weird. I am sure it was a taste thing. I can see the comparison. It tasted like ham but not. To me it had a smoky/gamey flavoring and I do not like that. I had the herb butter as a backup but my friend loved the ham butter. It all worked out okay. We also split a chopped salad, which was good. Since it was my birthday I was sent a mailing list coupon for a free desert. I got the bread pudding. it was so amazing!  My friend loved their new peanut butter dessert  bar. The drinks are fun here too. My Passion fruit drink was too tart for my tastes but I went with it and it was still "Delish." My friend got the Berry Lemonade which was great! I need to come back to try other entrees and sandwiches. The burger at the next table looked pretty good. ( insert drool marks) On the way out we noticed the patio, which is gorgeous. When it is cooler a patio date is in my future at the Henry. They should also consider hosting special events out there since it is so pretty.
Good service & unique menu. Worth checking it out. The appetizers were all great. I would probably get something other than the sea bass next time.
Nice decor. Super sloooooooow service.  Food was overpriced and "eh". Staff seemed confused and distracted. This is my 2nd visit. I'm tired of asking for refills or getting a server's attention so I can give my order request.
This place not only has great food but a real friendly staff.  We need to eat here more often. I love there falafel and my hubby had the gyro.  Soooo yummy.  There special tonight was a watermelon smoothie so I just had to have that too.  It was refreshing and tasted just like fresh watermelon.
This place is great! Great food and sexy service! I've been to other locations and the Dana Park one is the nicest inside. I recommend the hummus with grilled chicken. The cilantro jalapeno one is especially luscious! Give her a try!
The HaloHalo is amazing!  It's not too sweet and it is pretty large in size. My family of four shares one almost every time we go to Container Park!
Halo-halo! Seriously!! My son really liked his mango Popsicle too. The leche flan was creamy and not too sweet. The pinipig added a nice crunch. I will have to go back and try other things.
So yummy! Decently priced and everyone is so nice. Perfect for a warm Vegas day. Don't forget to check in on FB for 10% off!
Love this place. Everything is perfect during the summer.Definitely get boba.Definitely get the Fruit Slush. Guava is my favorite.
Super friendly and really good! I recommend the boba. Pineapple and coconut is really good!
Excellent petit restaurant sud américain. Les plats sont copieux et goûteux. J'ai commandé un burrito au poulet. L'assiette est très fourni,  l'accompagnement excellent et l'assaisonnement aussi. Le tout avec un fond musical qui donne envie de se lever et danser.
The best ever. Had a lot of massages but this one is the best. I highly recommend this to anybody who like massages. See Sam for a great deal
Very first time here and absolutely loved it. This was by far one of the best massages I have ever had. I truly appreciated my trouble spots in my back getting  focused on. The hot rocks were icing on the cake, however the experience would have been perfect if they went a lite slower with the hot rocks. This was overall an amazing experience and I will be back. Definitely a birthday to remember.
AMAZING STYLISTS! Great gift certificate specials for the Month of October! Check out Camy, Autumn, Tatiana and Angeline!
I'm in love with the fact there is a WinCo nearby now!! They have such a HUGE selection of all sorts of things, I don't know why anyone would shop anywhere else. Yes, some things are still cheaper at Walmart, but generally everything is about the same if not cheaper. They sent out a flier in the mail the other day proving it as a matter of fact!  Warning: You have to bag your own groceries, but they do have paper bags!Unique suggestions: Shasta Soda (under 80 cents a 2ltr - great for parties), Tilamook icecream (which I can't seem to find anywhere else - as an Oregon native, it's a must) and their homemade pizza dough (in the cheese section - $1.25 for a quick delicious dinner, can't be beat!)
Great work, fixed my tattoo an loved it.. thanks Chris..Thanks Ryan for the referral. Definitely coming back..
Sandwiches are ok for the price you pay they could be better. Customer service isn't the greatest either.
Great customer service!!! The paint is good quality , they have all the equipment that you need ...
Food is amazing. Had some sort of sausage, eggplant roll and soup dumplings.The environment is nice Has free parking at the corner
Max is the bomb! Best server ever!! Great service and food is very good. One of the best burgers I've had in Vegas.
Ohh why do you always forget my chick-fil-a sauce. You batting .200 with my chick-Fil sauce. I love it so and you always forget. You say "Chris why don't you just look in the bag" because I got looked in my eye by the man with the tie and he said "yes" it's in the bag. It's never in the bag. I munch my fries and chicken club with such sadness when u forget my chick-fil-a sauce. It's all I can think about in my ride home. I say to myself "I bet they forgot my sauce" Waaaaaa. I cry and go to bed so unsatisfied. But I keep coming back for that most amazing Tang. I think I've gone insane and I'm starting to think they keep it out of my chicken bag in purpose!!
Friendly and welcoming!  Did a great job! Wonderful quality of work!  Clean environment!  I will be a return customer!  Looking forward to many more great looking nails!  Can't wait to try a pedicure as well!
Clean awesome staff recommend this place they are quick and precise and if you are not happy they fix it at no charge
The 'chicken' nacho plate... Mmmmm! I'm so glad there's a great vegan place at Container Park in downtown LV.
Always fantastic and exciting :) i come here every time i come to the park. Highly recommended
I had the Asian tacos and key lime cheesecake. Out of this world good!!!  They offer a lettuce wrap or corn tortilla for the tacos. The first bite was a yummy fennel flavor. A slice of avocado with hot sauce (actually mild) topped this wonderful dish. We're from out of town and I entered "vegan restaurants in Vegas", and Simply Pure popped up. We entered the address into our GPS and drove right to it. It's a small shop - seats eight, but there are a lot of tables outside. I highly recommend this little vegan shop.
DO NOT EVER order from here. I can't believe this place is even in business... Two hours for a pizza from a place that is 5 minutes from my house.. Someone needs to learn how to run a business  .. Let me remind you I gave up waiting and left my house to get food
I know how to operate a street. That was probably the most disrespectful thing I have seen towards a police officer. Will spread the word on this
so delucious !!! I love Thai Beef Salad&Thai coconut soup in this restauranti ll be back agian&agian
Great place for Saturday night dinner.  After driving by about a 1000 times I finally gave it a try and wish I would have tried this place much earlier.
Delicious & affordable. And the staff were very pleasant. Awesome quaint downtown restaurant. Family friendly as well.
Amazing coffee and lattes! The blueberry muffin is a must! Also a great place to sit and relax, pet friendly as well.
Real espresso macchiato ! Organic foods, nice coffee shop to get some work done, meet buddies over coffee or even read a book. Very friendly staff :-)
Good dancers and original theme! Very funny interaction with the audience. One thing that bothered me is they ripped off the "glove" dance from cirque du soliel's "One".
Amazing pizza and salad.  Great service, fast and delicious!!! First time coming and won't be the last.   We customized all 3 pizzas.   Great flavor, crust was done just right and crispy.  A new family fav!
Great pizza and good service.It is a great concept in which you construct your own pizza from a great selection of toppings and almost before you can sit down, your pizza is ready.
Very good pizza very busy spot. This is a very thin crust pizza but it has a lot of flavor.
I love the purple machines. It has a very relaxed atmosphere for a gym. You can't beat the price for a 24 hour gym unlimited tanning and hydro/chair massage. Would definitely recommend this except that the more people I tell the busier it will be. Catch 22 I want the gym to be successful but empty!
It's not a buffet anymore.... Won't be going to this place anymore... :( it wasn't busy when we went there. I hope they change it back to a buffet. Luthier buffet consists of different salads, soup, pizza, chicken wings (REALLY GOOD), fries/onion rings and desserts (some of which aren't good at all).
Good sushi! Cheap nights on Tuesday'sGreat selection excellent sashimi what's not to like!?
Great NY style bagels! Coffee is great as well. They provide simple syrup for the iced coffee so it will mix better than sugar granules. And the ice cubes in it are made with coffee so you get more coffee as they melt!
Great customer service and very nice atmosphere. The pizza was good but not the best I've tried. Love the view. I would definitely come back and try something else.
Great pizza, great pretzels, awesome atmosphere. I had a salad - the spinach something. The ingredients were very fresh. I ate some of my hubby's buffalo chicken pizza. So so yummy. The crust is delicious!
Fun atmosphere and good service!  Definitely a place to try out when in Charlotte. Try the karma pizza, very yummy and filling. I'll be back next time I'm in town.
Great pizza and some super beers . Nice atmosphere  and seems quite busy. A definite must try
5 star location & ambiance3 star food..The lake front view is one of a kind for the Phoenix area which makes this place so neat. Have been here multiple times, some of the food is very good (love the enchiladas) but the other dishes we've had have been good, not great.
Always find what i want have good deals and prices not too bad. Great service was a bit of a wait but it was close to closing and only had one cashier..everyone was friendly and helpful. Love the socks and there buy one get one half off
The hotel staff is very rude. Not satisfied with the service at all. An example: We were told that the checkout time is 12 noon. When we got to know from house keeping that the checkout time is 11AM, we called the front desk to confirm. Instead of talking to us politely, the guy at the front desk told us " John is here for 3 years, he would not tell you that." .... WTH
Run don't walk to this restaurant!  Can't wait to try it for brunch and dinner.  Pimento cheese, chopped salad and Five Buck Chuck burger are delish!
Everything I've ordered from this place is delicious and perfectly prepared. The lobster omelette is one of my favorites. They make the best coffee around too.
Sweet and sour chicken was horrible. We will never come back here again. Not authentic Asian food at all. Very disappointed. Not worth my $$ at all!!
Quick, fresh and we'll served. Nice place to stop in for a quick dinner. Clean and child friendly right next to the San Tan Mall.
Wonderful Italian ice !! I love the root beer ! Yummy and cute inside !! Bring the kids sample are free !! It's a fun place !! Thanks Joes for coming to the valley of the sun ! We love the place !!
Fast delivery and its Pizza Hut the kids love it. Our delivery guy Butch was the best. Very prompt
My favorite Dutch Bros location. Great coffee and great people that work there. It's a ways away from me but worth the drive!
Love their iced tea! Way better than Starbucks and great customer service! Filling up their punch cards is definitely addicting! Wish I had one closer to me in south Gilbert!
This is a super cool place :) staff is cool beer is legit!Hop bang boom is an excellent IPA.
Jayson is awesome!! Very assertive!! Not a big beer drinker and he found a few beers for me
Amazing! Food was great, the chef came out and greeted us everything was delicious! I would definitely visit again
The absolute place for wine downtown. Love the paninis too. Turkey and Brie is great and so is the new Italian!
Definitely like the vibe i got the pilsner laguintas draught beer if ur walking thru the park I recommend that u come here but only if ur 21
Nothing but a bunch of 70pt Scotches here...ice is shoddy as well but it gets the job done.Been here a handful of times, not sure they follow no burn days.  But the bourbon staved smoked marshmallows are to die for.  You can also enjoy a nice selection of Guatemalan beers and Mexican IPAs from the Sonoran region.
I love this place ... The Pasta is Great!!! One of the best I ever had... Is a small restaurants but huge plates...
Delicious food. Friendly staff! Great service. My husband and I eat here quite often and we have yet to be disappointed!
Food is overpriced and not very good. Atmosphere is cafeteria like.  The salad and wine were down right horrible. The garlic bread was bland and tasteless. The waitstaff was rude and unfriendly. The cook was chewing gum while cooking and prepping food. We will never go here again. On a positive note, the food was served quickly.
Great little family owned italian restaurant in Southern Highlands. Lobster ravioli was delish! Will be back to try more!!
Best food ever!!  Authentic Italian. Made to order.  Each meal. Family setting.  Friendly attentive staff. Deserts are fresh and delicious
I had finn this please a couple times when I was driving down tatum boulevard. so I thought that I would give it a try. 25 min wait for a sandwich on a thursday night...and the food is average at best :(
This place needs to be shut down. No parking no catering food quality is very bad.  I had the food before and it was a lot better.  Ribs very dry, sauce is horrible.  I use to go there just for the sauce.  No way will I ever go back.
Amazing brunch, great atmosphere and fantastic service. Will be returning for more amazing food.
Best Burger ever !!! Very juicy , buns were soft . My type of burger . I'm a big critic when it comes to food . This burger won me over . I've been all over . This is by far the best burger I've had
Had a fantastic Birthday Brunch at TapHouse Kitchen. Bill is a wonderful host. Great food, Great service, Great prices.
Great food. Like the atmosphere and service. Fish n chips are very good. Good selection of beer. Burger is excellent
Beautiful flowers arranged by Lisa, I highly recommended Tatum Flowers. Lisa is very pleasant and very talented. She was born to work with flowers
Not worth a single Star. Extremely poor service!   They lost our order, waiter does not come by to refill drinks.  Very poorly managed establishment.  STAY AWAY from this place.  I will never come back to this place.  STAY AWAY.
Impeccable service and the food was great. We had the street tacos and the tempura. We can't wait to come back and try something else.
Kayla takes great care of me. She is so kind and friendly. She does an amazing work! The shop is very clean and all the women are friendly and helpful.
Kayla takes great care of me. She is so kind and friendly. She does an amazing work!Tracey takes care of my 10 year old nephew who loves her!! She is great as well!!  Each of the girls are amazing. My husband, sister, and step son all go here.
Great service and good vibes. Esmeralda is beautiful and great food: ) i will definitely tell my friends to eat at this place over any downtown restaurant.  We definitely need this in California.  Bar is also amazing
2 words.  food poisoningHusband and I visited Vegas at ate at Hecho on 5/27. We shared a carne asada .About 3 hrs after we ate we experienced severe gastrointestinal problems. My husband had non stop vomiting... so much that we spent that night and into the morning at a disgusting and dirty ER. We were bed ridden the next 2 days. Anyone else experience this?!!
Great little place, good service and food. An awesome early bird special before 9am.I have never seen a bigger plate of biscuits an gravy. Gravy could use a little more seasoning and or spices.
Great food and tons of beer options.  A must stop. The service was first rate and great music.
Burger was great. The beer selection is incredible! Try the loaded potato chips too! the beer selection was awesome!!!!!!!!
GREAT BURGERS!!! Mr Brews never ceases to amaze me! I get my food quick and there's always a great selection of beer to choose from. I love the fresh cut fries tossed in cajun seasoning with a side of ranch to dip it in. Kick it up, cool it down. The taps change often; something for everyone whether you like beer, ciders or wine.
I won't be going back. The food was ok and over priced. Oh and the coffee Tastes like its burnt.
Had my tattoo lastnight and I love it! Very professional and an awesome tattoo artist! Thanks Alex! Would probably come back again for the next tatt
I've ate here twice with my boyfriend and the gyros are yummy... I definitely would recommend going here for good food
Great home made and hand made French food. Everything is amazing. Such a great find. The deserts are to die for, but the dinners are delicious. I've had most menu items at this point and haven't found anything that isn't fantastic.
Friendly staff, great location, always clean and coffee and food tastes great! I love the atmosphere in this location better than the other local ones.
Small menu selection but the food is great!! It's a MUST the next time you crave sushi!!
Employees are professional and friendly. Food is decent and orders are done quickly. The only problem is when the drive thru is busy the cars back up into an area that blocks thru traffic. It can get a little cluster fu##ed.
Best. Gym. Ever. Seriously, you will get a great workout here. I come for the classes in the late afternoon with the group. Nice people and Arthur works you hard. I actually feel awesome when I'm done for having survived :)
Great food! Average prices. Yum!! Just across the street from South Point Casino if you're staying there.
Nice park with tons of activities within a fun safe environment! Cool lake with okay fishing and convienent parking.
Went with my Portuguese friend. He was very happy.  Great lingusa  and beef. I would recommend it.
Excellent service, really good food, nicer style decor. Safe bet on quality food.This place was really cool to eat at they have a big menu but they are family owned soIt's a great environment and theSangria is better if not best in the valley, and it decently priced. ThinkFamily style high end, good forDate night or just late night.
Lovely service and food. Neighborhood gem. The paella was fantastic as was the grilled skewer of beef. Staff was very attentive and helpful.
Had to have a infusion done here and the nurse was great and friendly I'm glad I had a good experience because I may need to come back :)
Nice food. Their Garnic naan is good. Its better than few other places in Vegas. Their staff is nice too. Its basically owned by Nepali couple. Buffet is $10.99 plus taxes.
Excellent lunch buffet. They offer both meat and vegetarian options for the buffet. Large dinning area with plenty of space.
It has Delicious and cheap food! The only problem is it seems it is a business family. So in the rush hour time, you won't get good service.
Yes LORD! The buffet is amazing!!! It's so comprehensive and the display is also fantastic. Really well seasoned food.
Great sports bar. Lots of tv's, leather couches and nice bartenders! Nice selection of beers. Minus 1 star because there are no draft beers. We had a great time there on a Saturday afternoon. Great place to chill out with friends.
Great food.. Great service. Friendly staff. The teriyaki bowl is superb. I usually call ahead to order and it's always done in the amount of time they tell me.
Great location.  Great food.  We enjoy going there!!!!  The owner teddy is awesome. He walks around talking to everyone.  The crab dip is wonderful. Highly recommend you trying it out.
The taco plate was sublime!  Great atmosphere, nice people .We will defiantly be going back for the tacos!! A must try if your near
Open till 2:00 am for you drunkies or concert goers.  Maybe I was a little drunk, and I just left a concert, and I do love hot dogs... Just not Haute Doggerys.  They use a good dog, but they are steamed, not grilled, so they aren't getting maximum snap on their casings.  No bueno.  In addition, they are on the small side, and their chili is somewhat forgettable.  If you are just looking for something to soak up the alcohol then this might be your place, but don't come here looking for a gourmet dog experience.
Worst service and poutine in the universe.  The gravy tasted like onion and fuel - once I tasted it , I was glad that I could barely tell the difference between the poutine and the regular fries.  The kitchen also smelled and looked like it was on fire.  The entire place was filled with smoke for half the meal.  Skip this place for sure!
Very slow 8 minutes to get 3 dogs.  Barely warm chili and dogs.   Go somewhere else.  Sitting is very limited.   Bread was a little hard on outside. Not even warmed or toasted.
Excellent place to get a great hot dog. We had the Gold Standard and the Fun-Ghi and both were excellent. A little pricey but so is everything in Vegas. Waited less than 10 minutes for the dogs but were quite happy we tried it.
Great selection of quality dogs and fantastic onion rings. Loved the El Machete    with grilled chili peppers
Great selection of quality dogs and fantastic onion rings. It's the best of the basic, solid food at Vegas Strip prices
so bad i didn't even get to eat !!!!!!!!!Hope your not in a hurry.
Nice original merchandise for the advance minds. Good merchandise for everyday life in a funny goofy way.
The worst and rudest services I have ever had in the US. Had to wait long time for "on the rocks" drink and the waitress almost threw the drinks over us.
You pick a cup and you fill it up with your favorite alcoholic or non-alcoholic frozen beverage!What more is there to say?!  You can mix them and the place is just fun! The staff is very friendly, just FYI though, it is a bit pricey. They do let you sample the flavors as long as you have ID
Nice, cool and open! Great selection of tequila if that's your thing!Food is really good! Got 2 apps & the steak tacos! Amazing!!
Try them on Tuesday block party @ LINQ.  Get 1/2 off tacos and 2 for 1 Margaritas.  Tacos are meaty.  If you like spicy this is the place!  I lllloooovvvveeee spicy; although not everyone does.
Christina was my server and she was great! Will definitely be back!  The food was outstanding and the service was great.
Taco Tuesday!! $3 tacos! All are tasty! Drinks are good too. Service was awesome!! They have plenty of TVs if you want to catch the playoffs and they have a mechanical bull!!!!
4 stars for the food 5 for the amazing service Christina provided!! I had the lobster tacos which were delicious and try the salsa with a kick! Great experience from our most awesome Christina!
Was really good food would come back. Erin & Mary were very good waitresses very friendly and lots of conversation. Atmosphere was good too good people lots of fun.
Go see Masi at this place.  Follow his recommendations and you can't go wrong!The breakfast for 2 is amazing.  All drinks were great too.  Especially the bloody mary's.
The elote was good. Their food has flavor. I would go back. The yucca fries could be a bit more fried though. I think I'll ask them to fry them a bit longer next time.
Christina was amazing, so nice and attentive! Request her if any way possible and the breakfast was great.
Awesome show done by Brittany. Duke brought in all songs from the past and the light show was amazing.
Great show! Yes she does lip sync but the experience alone is worth it!  The show is an hour and a half and brings you back to Britney's classics and dance music. Buy a drink and you get a Britney souvenir cup. Near the entrance you can see some of her music video outfits on display.  Most of the show t-shirt souvenirs are $45.  Didn't know there was a meet n greet, but if you get the chance to go, there is a cute photo op that comes in a nice souvenir mini album/portfolio. Enjoyable:)
Great place to start the morning! Amazing lattes and Acai bowls! The staff is very nice and the tunes are great. This place gives off a positive vibe!
$10 for a smoothie? Ha ha! I guess I won't ever find out how good they are.Apparently Yelp wants me to write more so this is considered a review... So, the building was cute. The staff was friendly during our short interaction and it was clear the AC worked. Unfortunately, their smoothie price is ridiculous.
Quick easy never have to wait. Place is clean and staff friendly! It's an awesome location.
Always does a great job. Hums has been here for a while and definitely knows what she is doing. Her brow threading is on point.
This place is the bomb! Great people, great flavors! They offer free exercise classes to their patrons as well as a always friendly staff. They have your health goals at the top of their priority list. I would recommend stopping in for your first complimentary smoothie.
There are legit beer pong tables!! What the what?! This is definitely a laid-back, chill, hang-out casino. Perfect for the relaxed vibe that's going on by this part of the Strip, as part of the new Linq area.
I love the vibe here. Virgin at craps and did awesome! They had a live band. Nice bar and cool gambling area.
Employees are rude, slow and indifferent.  Good and drinks are expensive and poorly made. There are so many better choices on Mill, avoid this one.
Fun atmosphere. Definitely the place to be on mill. Good food during the day and a blast at night... Duh
Sam was an AMAZING waitress! Can't wait to come back & see her :)We had the mamacita & the chips & fried avocado taco .... Delicious! Plus the manager shots topped off our afternoon. Great atmosphere
This place is great. I always get my nails done here! Try usually have great discount too.
Awesome pedis!!! Will def be back!!! Quick and friendly service. awesome atmosphere. fun decor.
This place is cool. Very relaxed and they go the extra mile to make you feel great. Plus they have awsome slushi's.  Haha. All jokes aside I'm a guy and I didn't feel like I needed to question my sexuality by being there.
they have awesome customer service! you'll love it here. this is my second time here and I'm gonna make this my new home. come and try it out. satisfaction guaranteed.
Great time. They were fast and courteous and the kids loved the slushies! Will return again to get the great service.
Best jerky hands down. I love their vegan options too! I really love the pepper jerky because it's full of flavor.
Very nice place the associate is very nice  she is very very sweet she gave us a sticker for yelping
Have been here for 45 min!!!! Still no pizza! They should have not charged me and been a little nicer about how busy they are.
They have the Clover brewed coffees! We were flying out of Vegas and we needed a couple of refreshing brews on this hot, hot day. We picked this Starbucks specifically because it was not in a casino, was close to the strip and brewed clover coffee. Even though we didn't try a clover coffee, we wanted to check out the machine and the upscale coffees that are offered at stores with a clover machine. We were not disappointed as this Starbucks was replete with a plethora of exotic coffees. The actual coffee shop was larger than many and had a number of sitting spaces. The clientele at the time we were there was eclectic and if you enjoy people watching, this is definitely the place to go.Another plus for this location is that it has a drive through. The barista was quick and delivered a couple of perfect coffees (one vanilla latte and one caramel macchiato).Another wonderful experience at Starbucks.
Love this Starbucks. Always consistent and friendly service. Vibrant atmosphere. Sometimes long lines but they have the staff to move em along quickly. Drinks from Baristas can be quite slow.
We had heard of a new brewery in the area and wanted to check it out. We did not find the one we were looking for, but we happened upon this one and we were so happy that we did. It is located in a quiet area that I would never think of to look for a brewery. We walked in and were greeted right away by the bartender and the owner.  They were both really friendly and extremely helpful. We started with one flight of 4 beers for $8 and those beers were so good that we had to get another flight to try some more, then the owner threw in the one beer we didn't get to try with the flights. Such a nice gesture! And to our surprise, all of their 9 beers on tap were excellent!! Usually there is one or two at any brewery that are not good, but we really enjoyed them all. It was so difficult to pick which one we wanted to get a pint of! Definitely check this place out. All their beer is great! Definitely try the Haboob Black IPA! We did not try any of their food, but it looked pretty good.
One of the worst Pizza Huts in the USA. Save yourself the trouble and go get a frozen pizza.
Very cool store! Very friendly and awesome people!! I highly recommend coming here everything is clean and orderly. If you don't see something just ask and they will get it for you.
Angela was so amazing! Everything about this place was very professional.  The free consultation made me feel very comfortable about moving forward with the procedure. Great results!
Drinks  and  Boba are delicious..  Dumplings are also bomb...  And the best part is they are open till 1 and sometimes 2am... It is also close to the freeway so if ur on the go this is the spot to go to for good food and amazing drinks
Super salty Singapore noodles. Complained and they didn't do anything about it. Everything else tasted subpar. Not coming back.
Fantastic meal last night . Good atmosphere . Sweet pot was great . Server great . Dessert was fantastic , sweet jar ;-)
Great staff. Very chill. Delicious food. I literally walked all over the area looking for a spot and this is the only one that offered anything remotely delicious and healthy.
Good snacks good drinks. Slow and not very friendly service.. Sat at the bar friday after work with co workers. Bartender was nowhere to be found and there was 4 hostess that stood around and did nothing. One even came to the bar and poured herself a glass of water! What about your customers?! Then this hipster guy in tattoos and plaid comes out and starts making drinks and takes our order but he was very short with us and was such a know it all. Soooo that was kinda of an annoying experience. The food and drinks WERE good but there was nothing about that place that was like I HAVE to come back.
No longer called Koi, has changed name to Sumo (and their weekend happy hour is no more.)My wife and I sought out Koi because we remembered it being very good and the specials were also great.Well, the specials are gone, but the food is still good. The reason Koi gets three stars today though is due to the horrible smells inside the building, like someone had started a fire in a deep fryer. It also doesn't help that the venue itself is downright tiny.The high prices aren't helping it too much either, and I don't appreciate the lack of clear information updates on any of their internet listings (Still labeled as Koi everywhere I can tell.)So, really, Sumo Sushi isn't bad. The service is good, but with a big city like Phoenix where competition is stiff and good sushi is all over the place, there really isn't anything about it setting it apart or driving me to return anytime soon.
Best club in Scottsdale by far! Hot staff, good music, fun parties  I go every time I am in town. It's walking distance from the W hotel which is also super helpful
Lunch buffet is the way to go. Lots of options, and only $10 each. The lamb was the best thing on the buffet. The chutneys are all quite good.  The ice cream with exotic spices is excellent. The mango ice cream is yummy too.
Not Bad First Experience And I Will Be back. Went back and had a similarly good experience.   Unlike some of the other posters... I didn't see anything really a spectacular and their location is unfortunate,  but the decor is nice and staff friendly and then food at least as good or better than other Indian I've had in Madison and possibly the best ethnic food option in monona.
Pretty slow service. Food is also not great. Won't come again.Better to go in Madison for Indian food.
Food was okay...little too salty and it takes a long time to get order. For the cost I was expecting more.
If your wanting a bloody mary before 10am go to Fuzzys. They refused to make us a drink before then.
Awesome vape shop. Love these guys. I won't go anywhere else for my vaping needs. Bethany & TJ are amazing with answering any and all questions you may have. Very warm and friendly atmosphere.
Great service and good food!! Reasonably priced!! ;) had the pork  taco and I really liked the rice and of course the mimosas ;)
Great food and price. Sat outside and it was a great view. Can't wait to go back. Went for a birthday dinner. Service was great. Had the shrimp and angel hair paste just the right portion.
Jerk pasta was spicy and delicious! Love this hidden gem. This is our go to now. Another awesome dish for fettuccine lovers is the Cajun fettuccine.
Very detailed. Extremely happy with service. Was able to track down original certification, which significantly increased the value of my ring.
Out of business sign. Closed. :( maybe it will be under new ownership but it's definitely not open. Don't bother stopping by for now.
Great atmosphere. Great price, great salsa and tasty tacos. We plan to go back soon.
Loved the friendly staff. Food was great. Have to love the carne asada. Will defenetly comeback for more.
First time here and not the last. The corn was Amazing can't wait to return for more.  The music is great the scenery quite unique and entertaining. It is a happening and busy place.
Love, love, love this place!Never a bad time or meal!!Want good food, atmosphere, location, price and laughs?This is where you need to be then.
Best and sweetest staff ever. Love the day shift crew. Rock on. Always great people. There always sbort staffed. Especially during the day
my favorite is the mocha frappe with whipped cream  go in the morning there's no line
Spectacular and fresh! check it out!Every scenario is jam packed with awe inspiring skilled performers. I love the use of video and graphics that propels and links each scenarios together as wells as becoming part of each scene. The athletic abilities of the performers are master elite level. A good time for the entire family.
A great combination of Chinese culture!Really love it!Feel sorry that it will be gone after December
Great show, it kept going and you wish it would never end! The show kept moving and the story line went with out words, but was smooth with a great ending. I recommend this show for anyone with or with out kids.
This was my first experience with professional piano movers. Up until now I have used my uncles or brothers or friends to move my keys. Very professional two man team! So far so good! Pick up of my piano went swimmingly. Drop off was wonderful. The guys even checked on me after to make sure that everything was indeed intact. Great price. They quoted me more than the actual cost to move, so that is always a plus. Quick and efficient. I will definitely use Safe and Sound Piano to move again! Thanks guys!
Competes with Krispy creme, the blueberry cake donut was deeelicious. The dozen donut wholes was surprisingly priced reasonable, and the old fashioned dipped in chocolate, of course, was very tasty
Great donuts and the ham and cheese with jalapeños croissant were great too! Highly recommend this location.
Drive thru is slow... don't stop if you are short on time. I thought the menu was far too pricey to make this a normal stop. Coffee options are limited so the Starbucks next door shouldn't be worried. I got a cinnamon roll and it was moist, fresh and yummy. My husband got the sausage croissent sandwich and he liked it a lot.  I think our total for both items was under $10, but the lunch items seemed to be much higher. Won't be stopping again anytime soon. There are far too many options like this in the valley already...
So friendly and the most delicious tacos I have ever had! I cannot wait to go back! 5 star review hands down
What a hidden gem! Great service, casual atmosphere and cooks who understand vegan! Great selection of draft beers and I esp love no distraction from television sets. Great cozy pub and food I crave daily.
I'm English. So I'm qualified to when I say "yes, yes,yes!" Great selected if pasties. Great beer selection and the sticky toffee pudding is the bomb!
Great food great atmosphere. A little difficult to find, but worth it.  The plaza they are in is run down with a  hidden gem inside The Cornish Pasty.
Good selection of craft beer that compliments the food. Nice calm atmosphere. The staff there gave off a good vibe and engage in small conversations about there product knowledge of their menu. Server/bartender named Hoku was awesome. Definitely would recommend this place.
Now serving beer and margaritas!! Menu on the weekends and gotta get the flan!! Stay tuned for happy hour specials!
Amazing shrimp burrito. Everything in it was so fresh. They didn't hold back on the shrimp there's was shrimp on every bite. The place is nice and very clean. The variety of salsas are good. This is definitely a fit burrito.
Best taco salad in town!  Staff/owners are super friendly.  Their ingredients are so fresh and the prices are great.  We eat here regularly since we live nearby and never have been let down.  I'd like to see more gluten free options ...but that taco salad is so good, I'm happy to eat it over and over.
Tasty Mexican meat. They know how to cook flavor into meat.  Ceviche is yummy and the pork is good. The restaurant crew is very nice too.
Excellent crispy big slices. Just what you need when you need pizzaPart of Ringers pizza menu. Stand up bar, huge pizzas, deserts, fountain Pepsi drinks
Pizza is the bomb! Located by PH, slices are huge and open late! I'm not even a thin pizza eaten kinda girl, sooooo yeah!
now open. sat & sun 10-6. yeah!!!!!  Also, kid's night every Wednesday...awesome deal, check it out!
The filets are perfect. Staff are prompt and has a very comfortable atmosphere. This is my second time here this month. I'll be back again.
Great place for happy hour and meeting up friends.  Must try the Primetime Margarita it's 2 for the price of 1.
Holy Cow!!!! This has to be one of the best burger I have ever at. So much flavor,So juicy,, the sauce choice is great and are simply delicious!!! hands down this place is a must go!!! GREAT WORK KEEP IT UP! i ordered at Aspire at Pinnacle Peak.
Great pizza. Tried the New York pizza and loved itGood quality for an airport and speedy service.
Came here for lunch Togo. Service was quick. Staff was friendly. No complaints here. Sweet tea is good. Parking can be a pain sometimes.
Came here for lunch Togo. Service was quick. Staff was friendly. No complaints here. Salsa bar was a little messy though.
Love how they did my eyebrow  waxing... great job, thank you... I definitely will be back and maybe next time get a pedicure as well
Once again Helen at Vera's has outdone herself. My Halloween Pedi.Every time we come it's the best service.
Perfect service and incredible food at Le Serpent.We went there tonight and the experience was really good. Restaurant just opened couple weeks ago and everything detail is just good. I would only like more info on the wine selection. Le Filet and Chasse et Peche still on top of my list...but this one is going to be a top 10 in Montreal
Best service. Best product. Best lounge! The owner is great. For only being there 6 months they have a great future. It's all because they do things the right way. Take care of people and they will come back. Check this place out!
Great location! Great staff! Great prices! I feel energized and ready to attack the day after every class.
Great place. Only one other couple there. Impressive table chef ! It's like Benihana only..... without the crowd and all the noise. Great fresh food. I'll go back next time I'm in Vegas!
I just found this place and love it!! Great food and service, a must if you live or visiting the west side!
My kids Basketball hoop smashed my windshield and Mark fixed my windshield perfectly!  Extremely fast and great customer service!!
Thanks your work is perfection. The office manager Talitha went out of her way to get the job done!
Excellent Korean food and atmosphere with K-Pop playing in the background. Lunch is especially great as the prices are very reasonable.
Yes, the best of #mtl #Montréal #breadporn. For French bread this is the place. Enjoy!
Very friendly service and a huge selection of flavors! I recommend the Cactus Juice.They have a specialist who knows heavily about mechanical units and how to wrap your own coils. He's not an employee but he hangs out there and is willing to share his experience.
Great place very helpful just starting out explained everything I needed to know. Very knowledgeable plenty of flavors to try.
This is this first time I went here and loved it. Randie thanks for the awesome haircut!!! I highly recommend Randie. This place is a really cool and will definitely go back.
After a horrible 2 day ordeal with coloring my hair &  causing major damage. Ali was able to give me beautiful,  healthy hair again! Ali is amazing! Very Professional. I highly recommend you see her!
Do not go here. Waste of space. Shitty staff, shitty product. So many other options in the area.
Had bomb ass Oxtail Pho..  Best Pho in town.   Atmosphere is trendy and hip.  Friendly staff and real authentic Asian food a twist..
Best service in Chinatown. The ingredients are of the highest quality and it comes out in the end product.You have to try the lobster pho!
The fish tacos are tiny. The atmosphere is good and the service is good. Nothing else to say in this review.
Awesome combination of Vietnamese food and American dining style. I always have the spicy beef noodle and spring roll. It's reAlly good!
Oh hell yeah....  off the hook with Surf & Turf Pho....  wow, the cocktails are awesome, the menu is really impressive.  Laid back staff who can actually tell you the specials from memory  ( nice ! ), and alert....  they nail the kalbi ( short ribs ) on the spot. Perfectly done.
Great food, great service, nicely decorated clean restaraunt.  A+I ordered the red curry with chicken (thai hot).  The spice and flavor were perfect.  The Thai iced tea was delicious!
Amazing food, phenomenal service, very clean and modern ambiance.  I loved the soup, salad with peanut sauce and the chicken basil.  Great staff, service and top notch Thai food.
Bartender was quite knowledgable and helped me get a terrific wine. Nice ambiance.  Nice relaxing place to chill and have a nice conversation.
Great food great service.  Strongly recommend the pretzel fondue.  We weren't going to eat here cuz we weren't in the mood for the items on the menu.  The manager at the time saw us checking the menus out by the sidewalk and lure dis in.  Still scheptical, we ordered a chicken, avocado, bacon sandwich and s pretzel that was in the app section.  We were impressed to say the least.
Absolutely love the music and the food.  Real Mexican food with a great environment. Make sure you stop by if your in the area and having the tacos is an absolute must.
Came here around noon on a Saturday...4 stars for food n friendliness. Rib eye tacos are great! Food seems reasonably priced but the beers are 6 dollars. The Micheladas are 8.50.  Oof. That's super expensive, in my opinion. We'll come back to eat, then drink where the prices are much more reasonable.Staff were extremely friendly and cannot emphasize that enough. The owner (i think) was super friendly and brought the chef out for us to answer our food questions. Place needs a lot more ambiente (ambience) though in order for people to feel like they want to hang out n drink, n eat, n drink more. The back of house had music n you.could hear them singing....Just.wish they'd bring that up front.
Great pizza like back east.   First one I have found out here in years.  Grew up in Detroit. Chicago and Indy.  Way better.  I will only go here now.  Thx dan
Don't come here hungry for breakfast.  Cause they do NOT have their sh*t together.  Stood in line while the guy tried to figure out how to work the register for like 30 minutes.  It was between the Chipotle style place the next stall over, or this place.  And neither were moving people through the line.  With a hungry toddler, you can imagine how fun THAT was..waiting to just order food.  The food was mediocre.  We ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches - one with sausage and one with steak.  Honestly, I could have made the same thing at home. And better.So save your money and eat before you arrive (which we intended on doing, but every restaurant in the area was packed).
Best place to get wonderful donuts! When this place opened I wasn't too sure but once I got the basic donut with chocolate and goodness it was good. I go back when I want a good donut.
You MUST try the buratta and the grapefruit beer... To DIE!! Super fun day drinking spot or place to play a few games! They also have a cute photo booth that emails you the pix for FREE!!
This place was awesome super chill and the bartender Chris was great will definitely be back again to hang out
Easily the best BBQ in Phoenix.  They deserve every 5 star review.  Brisket is good as the best in Texas.  Ribs were excellent.  Just everything about the place.  I would give them $10 just to smell.Meat by the pound.  One minor quibble.  I like whole ring hot links. But the beans were spectacular.  I was in BBQ coma land for the rest of the afternoon.  Oh, get the pastrami on Thursdays.  It's silly good.
Simply the best in Phoenix.  End of argument.  Now, I'll qualify that statement by saying that I grew up in Texas and have had some good BBQ along the way.  Little Miss would easily be able to hold her own in my home state.Their brisket is worth the wait, no matter how hot. The ribs are a close second. I haven't tried the pulled pork or the short ribs, but I'm told they're awesome.Warning: Go before 1:00 PM if you want a full selection b/c they will run out of meat given the popularity of the food.  If you get there and they are sold out, don't give up.  Just come a little earlier next time. You won't be disappointed.Full disclosure: I'm not in love with the sides, but I'm certain they'll get that right over time.  It's hardly a reason to avoid the place. Meat, pickels, onions, bread, something cold to drink...what else do you really need.  Enjoy and save me a spot in line!
Wow....I couldn't feel my legs after I ate the fatty brisket...it was awesome ...I can only eat there on a Friday because I'm full for the next few days...I dream about it...not so weird, after you've been there ...
Ditto.  To what ever anybody else said..big tip.  Get here  early.  1/2 pm too late to grab good brisket and on Thursdays sell out of pastrami by noon..
Worth the hype and wait! Hell My food was bumped on the the parking lot asphalt, instead trying to go back in and make a fuss. I scooped it all back on the plate and ate with glee. Take friends and share family style.
Wow. It's a must try in Phoenix. Everything melts in your mouth. Don't even need their amazing sauce for any meat.
Awesome FoodAwesome ExperienceBest food I've eaten on this quick vacation to AZPulled Pork is the BESTThey did run out of Brisketso we weren't happy about that but we know it happens
No words other than AMAZING.  The brisket melts in your mouth and turned my non-brisket loving friend into a believer in one bite.
Little Miss is da bomb baby!! Each and every item on the menu is delicious!! Brisket, turkey and cheddar jalapeño grits......oh my!!
Absolutely amazing the best BBQ I've ever had and I'm fat I should know! They had beef brisket with an amazing smoke ring pulled pork that was just tender as can be the biggest beef ribs ever and by far the most absolutely delicious fall off the bone pork ribs I've ever had in my entire life absolutely amazing I will be back for more.
The best bbq brisket, sausage and beans in town. All the yelpers are right on with this little gem! Parking is an issue and the heat waiting in line are the negatives but it's worth it
Great but be prepared to wait. The service is extremely friendly and top notch. The grits blew me away. Who can beat good bbq
Best BBQ ever! Well worth the wait! The brisket was by far my favorite but I can't think of anything I wouldn't recommend on the menu. With or without sauce this will forever be my favorite BBQ spot.
Best beef brisket ever! Great grits and baked beans. Very friendly staff. Don't be put off by the  unimposing building in an industrial-feeling area. The food and the staff more than make up for the first impression.
Best BBQ ever! Go early before they run out.Put the sauce away because it's so moist you don't need it.
Fab gluten free options and great non-standard vegetarian options. Being GF can be a challenge and having to do the whole asking thing and then it being clear that staff don't have a clue what you are talking about then makes the whole thing a bit awkward and full of trepidation in case they got it wrong and you suffer the consequences later.Not here. Most of the menu is naturally gluten free - no cheap wheat fillers here clearly! Good quality ingredients and lots of choice. I could have crispy stuff (normally off limits), I could have chips without fear of contamination. The Apiary rocks and I'm heading back in a few days with a friend who missed out.Beware though. The whole menu is so damn tempting - from little bites, the starters, the mains and the desserts. Portions are on the hearty side for mains so I was full to bursting after dinner here. Crispy pigs ears were delish with aioli as were the whitebait starters. I opted for one of the specials - guinea fowl wrapped in pancetta with duck confit and sage and shallot mash - it was lovely but even I was defeated in not being able to clear the plate. Plus I had seen the dessert options and I wanted to test them out.Dessert was a coconut sponge with lime and Malibu - it was delish. I never did the whole Malibu thing as a teenager but all the flavours worked out so well.Everyone appeared to love their food and there were lots of head nods and smiles as we chowed down.So, I still think Newington rocks as an eating area and The Apiary is a great addition. It is cosy without being cramped and there are some lovely touches - little booths with coat hooks on the side, gorgeous prints and décor and just a lovely warm, buzzy feeling. So I'm heading back in a few days and I plan on taking my next lot of visitors here too :-)Prices - bites around £2.50 (bread is cheaper and GF is available too), starters around £5 with mains around £10-17 and desserts around £6. Wine - starts from £3.50 a glass with carafe options (£8) and a decent price range for bottles.
Great for spring training post game ...
Great tacos open air new location lots of fun and action. Great place to hang. The hummus is fabulous with seasoned flat bread chips.. Yummy. Come here to have fun.
The service was awesome, food was great, and management is just great!! Ashley Parrish was our server and the bartender Eric were pleasing and my friend and I will def be back!!
Had the steak and lobster. It was all cooked perfect and tastes outstanding. I would recommend this place to everyone and next time we make the trip down from Prescott well be coming here again.
I like to order and pay online. It's ready when I get there 5 minutes later. The food always tastes fresh and the staff is always friendly.
Delicious barbecue food and good prices. Get the fries and try the ribs! Very friendly staff also, they came and checked on us when we got the food!
This place is lit. Dank food.The grill master is the real deal. Tried 4 dishes are they are phenomenal . Must go
Love the cafe. Serves Starbucks. Affordable. Great location. I wish they were open a little longer :)
Tres belle place! Bon café, bonne bouffe, bonne ambiance!Le staff est vraiment sympa! Vous pouvez y aller pour manger, comme vous pouvez y aller juste pour un café!J'ai aussi passé quelques après-midi à etudier!
Very good bbq brisket and beans here. Nice place.  Good atmosphere for visiting with friends.
Worth the stop if you head up to Phoenix. The dessert was so good. My daughter came back for the toffee caramel brownie. The pumpkin pie was soooo good.
Great sushi for the all you can eat price!   Nice people and ambience!  Surprisingly fresh for an all you can eat place in las Vegas.   $26 for dinner,  not bad!
We love eating here, but please make sure to take a good, long look at your bill before you pay!! We have been charged the dinner price during lunch time on two occasions now! The first time we did not realize and left wondering why our bill was so big. Yesterday we finally caught on. Really disappointed to see that they did that to us. We left feeling a bit betrayed. But regardless, we love the food here. We'll just have to be extra cautious next time we come back!It saddens me to leave such a negative review after all the times we've been here, but I just don't want the same thing happening to other customers. The service is decent. The first couple times we were here, our orders took a really long time to get to us, but the most recent times we've been the service has been great! The waitress actually recognizes that we're there almost every week! That's why I feel so betrayed because being regulars, I didn't think she could charge us like that, TWICE, and not expect us to catch on... Especially ME because I, myself, am a server.
The all you can eat sushi is a great deal for only $25.95!!The sushi here is amazing!!   I think I posted about 7-10 pictures of some of the different items we ordered off the all you can eat selection. There wasn't anything I tried that I thought was not good. I just preferred some favors over others. I would and will come here again...and again. I will also bring friends from out of town visiting and requesting sushi, because this will impress even the most die hard sushi eaters!
Fuck dude this place is so dank! I'm trying to just come back here, bro. If you come out here you gotta eat all the fish n shit.UPDATE: they have the best green tea ice cream. Shit was so fucking delicious. My cousins and I had maybe 6-7 servings of ice cream! And bruhhhh the yuzu yellowtail slices are thick af!
Simply the best spot for sushi  Damian is an awesome sushi chief, I come here at least 2x a week.
Great prices, good sushi and a quiet comfy atmosphere! Would definitely come again! Fresh, yummy new choices and a friendly staff makes this a win win on a date night
Best salon.... Lisa did a great job, I really liked how she took her time with me, will recommend this place to my friends and family, finally a great nail sAlon in Vegas
Best services, very friendly staff. Clean and professional job. Must check it out. The owner is very friendly and fun. She really know how to do the right nails.
Best nail salon in town!!  Try mood nail polish.  Cleanest salon & best nail techs!  You won't be disappointed!
This place is great. Crablegs for $11.99!!! Great drinks! Inexpensive and good food! Great staff. Parking can be tricky if it's packed.
Love the food esp the Jerk chicken wrap!! Im addicted.. I would def recommend affordable prices and great food. Great service and the environment wad welcoming this place is my new spot
Chicken awesome...service less than stellar but worth tolerating for those wings! But if you get there early Danielle and Nikki are awesome and attentive. Before 7pm is OK for kids. Also the fried plate special is a great value for 2 to split
Awesome attitude and quick eats! Portions are quite large, we split a supreme burrito and it was more than enough for two. Had the carnitas (shredded pork) and it was delicious. They also told us you can call in your order in advance so it's ready to pick up when you get there! Great!
Best sandwich joint in town hands down! The chicken, Le Pig, Patty, Foie...all amazing!
Fast and super friendly service. The Patty is my absolute favorite. Order from these guys at least once a week!
All i can say is that its simply amazing!!!!  My husband told me this place was life changing...it was!  :)
If you like pork, two words. EL PIG! And if you don't like pork try it anyways! The workers are super cool.
So happy to see a place that actually makes their own juices. The staff was super helpful and the juices were amazing love the orange apple ginger soooooooo refreshing
Great show. My 16 year old Elvis fan LOVED it!  He sounded just like the King. I would recommend it for those faithful fans.
Awesome place to be !! Highly recommended !! Great customer service ,, great price !! I will definitely go back again
Got my henna tattoo here, the owner is very sweet and loved the work she did. If you are going to get henna go one hour before because it takes time to get done. Mine took about 15-20min.
She is always very friendly and does an excellent job, everytime! Is worth coming here where your eyebrows will always be perfect.
Have yet to have a bad experience here a great office with great staff ! We love this place! My only issue is the sick and not sick sides of the office! And the fact that to leave the office you must walk through the sick section! But not terribly awful just weird!
Have yet to have a bad experience here a great office with great staff !  My only issue is the attempt to segregate the sick and non sick patients! It ends up being a fail in my book since everyone sick and not sick leaves through the same exit way to make another appointment or even just to leave!  Why even bother keeping them partially divided! To me not a huge issue. Just something I found a bit unusual and kind of weird! Other then that issue this place is amazing and deserves the five stars!
Great place!!! Fantastic atmosphere!!! Food is also very good! Very nice job during lunch hours as well if you need to get in and out!
This place is smelly! And where are the sexy  waiters??!! But the smell is so...delightful....and the music...seriously, backstreet boys?!
I have had over a dozen frozen marsgritas and this has to be the Best frozennn drinksss in the MGM better than the rest and the refills are way cheap make sure you stop by and try it out you won't regret it.
Awesome!!!!! Love the favors and the deals!!! Luv the tacos!!!!
Better than nothing...  The food choices at Mandalay Bay suck.  At least I could get a piece of grilled chicken breast with lettuce and tomato.  Everything else in the food court was pretty much deep fried.
Excellent Sushi. Fresh and friendly staff. Good value for AYCE.  The bar is the place to eat.  Don't order the rolls, just have the skilled chefs make their favorites for you. Awesome.
Yoshi roll.... the bOMB!!!  My husband and I like to always come to this tiny resto and would sit by the sushi bar.   Sushi Chef Michael always give an excellent service.  He never fails to ask us what we want next and would recommend awesome sushi selections.  I highly recommend  this place and Sushi Chef Michael.
She is informative and helpful.   Goes above and beyond    Would recommend her friends and family
The atmosphere is great. The products that they use are high quality. Everyone is very friendly. Beana is a great nail artist and Richie gives the best massages!
Best pedicure I have ever had, hands down. She massaged my feet for 30 minutes!  I recommend this place over all surrounding places.  I used to go to Scottsdale Nails, but this place is much better!!
pure awesomeness!!!!! So friendly, the salon is very clean and relaxing! The ladies were very thorough and gentle with my gelish mani and pedi. If I could give 10 stars I would! That good! Highly recommend!!!!
Yummy yummy yummy burger and fabulous sweet potato frys.  Also, great sauces at the tables.  I ordered the special burger of the month (August) and my guy the "Classic".  Very tasty-ordered medium and we got medium rare. Order more well done as they trend toward undercooked...
Not Bad. Over priced. Will not go back. Would not recommend. Nice atmosphere, but that's it.
Ten bucks or so will feed you. Delicious burger, expert service. Good for a quick meal on the strip, very fast.
Great burgers!!! Inexpensive compared to the other places on the strip! Side of fries enough for 2 people to share. Fast service. A heLthier better tasting choice to a McDonald's. 8-10 bucks for a burger they have chicken/beef/turkey. Sides are 4-5 bucks..
Everything on the menu taste GREAT! Let's continue to give them even more business.  I've yet to taste better soul food/barbeque than this place in AZ & I've been to most of them, NOT EXAGGERATING!
The Day bartender Serina is excellent!! She is very warm and welcoming! We will definitely be coming back!
Poor service. Poor communication. Poor deals. I wouldn't ever go back to this store. Can't give us answers of delivery time. Get out on hold for 20 minutes. Deliver broken appliances which we will return. Get what you pay for.
Price are pretty much the same as in Sears store! Not sure rather spending $50 less at the outlet store for a scratch and dent is worth it! Normally, an out store gives you more savings than that.....especially if scratched or dented! I sear store person did tell me that the outlet store are not part of Sears - they are an franchise! But you can make your own determination on what you are looking for!
Great place to drink some coffee! Drinks are Very refreshing:) also have stamps card haha for free drinks!:) think its awesome! !
Oreo latte blended triple to die for good bye Starbucks. Great location. Always consistent in flavor and service
Oreo latte blended triple to die for good bye Starbucks. Great location. Always consistent in flavor and service. Wife and I have been going there for about a 2 months now. Drinks have been very consistent have not had a bad drink yet.  Mixed on the customer service I could be setting standard to high. I did just buy the Moka house bean coffee for home. I was pleasantly surprised. I thought it would be strong and bitter. It was not! The coffee was smooth and full flavor and tasted great. I found my new coffee. So far very happy stopping there.
You can always count on being treated like royalty. The staff is friendly and always with a smile. The prices are average & affordable. I usually come for the works. Nails, pedi, eyebrow wax, atleast every two weeks. I love this place
$5.99 all you can eat special. .. 2 thumbs upThey have great TV monitors and I asked them to change the channel and with gladness  they did.
Food is good, but service kinda sucks. Glass is not getting refilled......this location does have very good food with big portions like their flagship location unlike the location in Reno
Party of 16 for chey bday bash is where most of us stayed here at The Quad, formally the Imperial Palace.. Since it is in the middle of construction I can't give it a full review only because we would walk down one section of the hotel and it would be all hip and trendy, then we would walk to the not renovations section and it was be dirty and carpet pulling up and walls dirty..I didn't expect much from the room, no view, shower was clogged and it smelled even thou we where on a non smoking area.. I'm sure once all the renovations are done, it's going to look fabu.. Hopefully the prices won't go up anymore.. our room rate was $300 Sat-Mon.. and we where in the " ugly" part of the hotel....
Don't ever come here. It's horrible inside. I should have picked up my guest in valet. This place is hot and dank. If your meeting someone here, meet them outside and take them somewhere nice.I felt so terrible when my cousin called and said she was staying at the Quad. She got a deal on the internet and it looked amazing from the pictures. HA! I knew it was under HEAVY renovation and it wasn't a nice hotel in the first place.  I went to pick her up and had to go inside and meet her in her room. It was so crowded walking though very narrow areas that were blocked off on both sides forming a wave walkway for guest to follow into the casino. Once I passed the front desk I found the elevator and only one was working so I literally waited in a long line for people to get on, wait, get off, and come back down. The elevator was old so it wasn't fun being packed in there. The room was DANK. It looked like an old motel room out in the middle of some remote area of a town. Pastel colors and tiny nasty tiled bathroom counter and floor.  It looked like something from 1979. The pool area was crowded but nothing special to be around.  We finally got out of there and I took her somewhere nice to show her that Las Vegas strip rooms aren't nasty like that. Hopefully this renovation will be amazing but I can tell it's not going to hold a candle to the expectations. They should have closed the place until they get it together.
It's hotter than satan's taint. It was a decent place for the price. Not too shabby. If I can afford a more luxe place, I'd certainly would. But, my friends and I enjoyed our time there.
WHAT. ...No live band?  Booooo lI don't like this place, it's so chopped up, high walls, so you don't know what's on the other side (do I keep going and wasting my time or do I just leave, because I don't know what's over there)  After a couple of turns I decided to turn around.  We were looking for a live band, which we didn't find!  So we where out of there.
Dont go until remodeling is complete.  Not nice & loud @ 5am doing construction. Smells bad in hallways and elevator is rickety.
Great food! Hard location to find. I love the yellow curry here! The spicy food here is great. A lot of flavors to love.
Ask Lee for a suggestion. I wish we had places like this in Washington or California!  A great cigar store/lounge where the regulars are friendly and you can sit, smoke a cigar and shoot the breeze with great prices, selection and company.
Best server award goes to Amber!!  This cheeseburger was gone in no time.  Were locals and will definitely make the trip to the strip to try the sliders.
Poor service, bland food, overpriced.I've gotten better service at a McDonnalds.  After 20 mins of waiting on our server (the pace was empty) I had to flag our server down to order a beer.  After another 10 mins of waiting had to flag her down again and re-order the beer before it came.The only good they serve before 11 is a burrito and steak and eggs.  The burrito is bland and was not what our server described.  The burrito I received had very little flavor and tasted like a frozen burrito found in the freezer section at your local super market.
Got drinks and appetizer at the TAP bar at the MGM hotel in Vegas. Lee was awesome ! Loved his service fast and friendly !
Been wanting to try this place, Food was too fancy, had no flavor in the chicken or steak tacos not impressed!
Honestly, VERY disappointing. Sandwich was soft and tasteless. We were with a party of six and no one was satisfied with their meal.
Cute new location, same great food!  This is the ultimate build-your-own place - super healthy, delicious, and as hearty or light as you make it, it's a favorite at our house.  They also have great juice!  It's small, shiny and modern with a cute little table for kids and some nice outdoor seating.  A great place to throw in the mix when Pita Jungle's full.They have some brilliant bowl combinations (I love the French Quarter, substituting sesame sauce for avocado cream), or you can make your own.  Tons of fresh, delicious ingredients and wonderful sauces:  combine a healthy grain/spinach, protein, veggies, dairy and sauce.  They have interesting choices like quinoa noodles and edamame.  Their salmon and shrimp are both really nice, the avocado is great, and I highly recommend using the edamame.
Love this place.   Never disappoints.   Came in with myself and daughter.   Always friendly
Uber is great! I've been the Queen Bee of not driving the last too many weeks. I loved having wheels on demand at an affordable price. After receiving an email with news of a 15% price cut in fares I thought I'd try them out. I had a $20 promo code and off I went on my first ride!A friend showed me on the smartphone app how the default setting is to the Black Car. Given the frequency of my use of rides I opted for the less expensive option, uberX. (there's a widget at the bottom of the screen, slide it to the left!) Often I was picked up in a Black Car anyway, so that was kind of sweet. Pickup times ranged from 8-12 minutes on average. Drivers were professional and cars were incredibly clean, new and neat. The single most important thing to note with when booking an Uber ride is your location. Although a pin will estimate your location, double, triple, quadroooople confirm your address in the bar at the top of the screen. If you're in a shopping center Uber allows you to select the specific store you're at. I'd recommend calling the driver to let them know this information as it is not conveyed to them. (They appear to be given the overall complex address.)The app allows you to see the progress of your driver as they are approaching. You receive a text as the driver pulls up. Additionally you have the name of your driver, with a small picture, as well as the style of car and license plate.The fare is automatically is deducted from the card on file. When you're done you have the option to provide a star rating (1 to 5.) Additionally comments can be shared. Uber is really great about this. Provide honest driver feedback. Uber Support will either send to the driver (if good) or to Op Mgr if help is needed.Oh! Almost forgot about two things. If you're curious about the possible fare for your trip. There's a "fare quote" feature. Also (!) you can split a fare with friends on your smartphone. I've never done this as all of my rides have been solo. Looks pretty awesome tho!Update: I forgot one *very* important thing. Uber is 24 hours! (The major competitor that has a similar concept is not.) Having waited for cabs at ungodly hours vs. Uber. Uber rocks!
Easy to use app and is always on time and never have had a problem with thema alot better than a taxi and is alot cheaper
Their drivers use personal insurance and skirt the insurance laws. You cannot drink in their car like you can drink in a limo or taxi. One of their drivers got a dui and another was in a wreck where the drivers insurance didnt cover the fault since the driver lied to his insurance
Great service. Sydney chicken Milanese and baklava cheesecake were awesome. The chicken was cooked perfectly with an amazing favor. We never imagined how delicious baklava and cheesecake taste when combined. Our group also tried the linguini carbonara and braciole, both had excellent flavor.
Great food, great service, byob, relaxing atmosphere....I will be back!  We loved the calamari appetizer.  I thought my lasagne was fantastic.
This place sounds great. Located in the heart of the theater disturb of Pittsburgh. Awesome pork belly. But am surprised it is not busier. My guess . Service
All of the food was amazing!!  The owner is super friendly!!  The Baklava was freshly made and the Samosa is incredible.... everything we have had has been wonderful!
Excellent food and service.  They have live music which is a nice addition.   Make sure you ask for the red and green spices.  The owner brought them by and it added nice flavor to our food.
New restaurant in Avondale. Very good food, friendly staff, good margaritas! The servings are enough for 2 meals. The Verde salsa is flavorful. And the margaritas are made perfect
The service was great! The food was disgusting.  I ordered the pork verde. Pork was dry, plate was boiling, food was tepid, rice was salty. Just gross. However, the chips were great!
Estos si son tacos mis respetos!! Lugar es my comodo y limpio y El precio es rasonable visitenlos.....
Great restaurant that not many people know about. Worth the drive. Cool owner with great prices. Can't beat it. As good as roscoes in LA.
Local, small businesses are the best! Www.Myblackbutterfly.Com The shipping is fast and free when you can't make it in!
Clean.  Updated.  Also has a KFC inside.  Better than other locations.  I was use to the A&W + KFC locations but this one is very tempting to frequent often due to this combo.
Fantastic sausage. Cheap beer. Great place.  Menu changes all of the time and they make their own sausage. Also has a customer section where you can bring any recipe and they will try to turn it into a sausage.
Jeff was honest great service.we will be using him and this company for sure for all our garage door needs!
For what they did, they charged way too much. $625 for a motor and a spring.  Should've just done it myself.
Best price, on time, and they get thing done. Highly recommended Adam (Tech). I will use them again.
Great service iam feeling great easy check in and no wait!!!! My wife and daughter have Had good experiances here also
Friendly baristas and a large selection of coffee drinks! The space inside is really spacious, and they have a patio as well. Great for meeting up with a study group or getting some work done if you're tired of working at home. They have many outlets and wifi. I wish they were open later than 9pm, though. Still close enough to campus to warrant later hours.
Decent food but price jacked up for no reason, service was spotty. $15 for breakfast with small portions. Your better off finding a regular location
Almost feels like its my first visit to Vegas. Wish I'd have visited sooner.Food is mediocre. Drinks are strong.
Service so slow and not even polite ..  We never coming back in this location  to eat .
Best food and service in town! If your looking for amazing, healthy, organic food then Raw Organic is the best! It's quick and fresh, perfect for lunch time!
Absolutely love this place!!! Just go... You won't be disappointed!  The staff is as good as the wine.  Super friendly and a great night out every time.
Food and Customer Service ON Point!!!!  I'll be back for sure .. drink specials during the week are great!!!
Lol,Being there twice a Month. BEST nightclub in ILLINOIS. I really like their fruit plate and chicken tender. Strongly Recommended.
Best place on campus for karaoke hands down; I have no idea how the bar is. They have a digital song select system with HK, English, Mandarin, Japanese, and Korean systems. Service is beyond exemplary. 10/10 would sing again
Great drinks - wonderful atmosphere.  Still new so service is a little slow.  The 24-page cocktail menu is very impressive and it's hard to pick what you want to try first.  Very high energy with a bit of a 1920's nightclub feel.  I will definitely be returning.
Hands down the best muthafuckin bar in Phoenix!All around five stars!  Service, food, cleanliness, decor, COCKTAILS... the cocktails are phenomenal.  I've been here twice already in the one week I've known of its existence - both times were a great experience.  The menu is obviously well thought out and the cocktail descriptions make is so difficult to settle on just one... so you can't... you have to settle on at least five and then call Uber to come get you.  I love the bartender/owner!  He is so genuinely grateful for the customers that come to his place.  He also has an awesome Scottish accent and it doesn't matter what is coming out of his mouth, it just sounds awesome.  Seems to me this guy could have opened up shop anywhere but he chose Phoenix and I thank him for that, we were in desperate need of a place like this.
The place is cool, I guess. But the "yelper" board is pretty week.Weak.Weak.
Visiting from out of town - this place is a must. Great cocktails and food. Get the chicken or the lettuce wraps.
Mmmm omg the ramen burger was really good, a little pricey but worth it... Cool place too for drinks and good time, I would go back
It is my life goal to be "Norm" at this bar!Any collection of competent creators of cocktail concoctions cannot cling to more collective talent then any single one of the Bitter & Twisted cadre of clearly gifted and clever constructors of exceptional libations.
Great cocktails! Ross is a fantastic bar tender! This is a must try! I was excited upon our arrival. It's like a cocktail parlor out of a movie. The drinks are more expensive than usual but the quality and taste is far superior to other.
Great food and service! Fresh food, homemade taste. Deli plates are dinner amounts, you get a full plate. Their apple strudel is delicious and warm.The waitress was sweet.
The best Chinese food I've ever had!  Delicate flavors, not too oily or heavy.  I highly recommend checking out this new little family-run place.
Excellent food. Large servings. Friendly staff. Pam made a point to say hello. Definitely work visitng
Me and then kiddos love the park. Never too busy and lots of shade too. Set up nicely for big kids and younger kids. It always seems to be clean so that's a big plus
If you want to eat good food, this is the place. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
If you want to eat good food, this is the place. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Best food in Chandler, maybe all of AZ. Fried bologna, hot dogs and the best burger I've ever had.
Best nail salon IV been to since Iv moved here . Very sweet people They took there time . Cleaned my nails & feet well ‼
Don't forget your sunglasses !Another great event, Feeling like summer !Welcomed with free sunglasses (yaaaaay) sangria, charcuterie, and, as always, nice people.You can add to this some great free "tattoos" by the team of Skin Jackin' (thanks guys, for the silex on the beach) I got YELPED by the cocktail made by the nice staff of Le Lab, who also like to play with fire (great show guys)Everyday passing by, I love Montreal more and more, thanks to the people here, and thanks to Yelp, you guys ROCK
Food was so so. Service was terrible would never come back. Loud in side, would not go if you want to relax
Awesome food great service  definitely coming back when we're here next time.   Thank you for suggesting blacken chicken torta.  Thank you Tiffany and Aaron !!
Great food, service and beer....great job and I loved this place!   Waiter staff knows how to spoil you....totally attentive, food is higher quality bar food.  We got the chicken Thai pizza and quest dip.   Beer...how about the world of beers at your finger tips
Good stop on the way from Wilmington to Charlotte area.  Had the lobster grilled cheese.
Marianne was amazing -- one of the best blowouts ever. Highly recommend! I only wish the location was closer to the other side of the strip. The receptionist was very friendly and the salon itself is beautiful.
Very fresh veggies. The broth was very flavorful. No boba was the only sad note.  Easy to get to and plenty of parking.  Spring rolls were good and the peanut sauce was good.
Its a dollar tree                v.      Vv.    Vvvvv. Vbb.   B. Bb.  B. Reviews too short
It was an amazing experience. I would recommend anyone who visits Charlotte. The waiter was very kind and helpful.
Found some DC comics magnets and some Star Trek posters!! Everything was half off!!! The school uniforms for my kids were barely used and i paid less than 20 bucks for three complete uniforms bottoms and tops!
Found some DC comics magnets and some Star Trek posters!! Everything was half off!!! The school uniforms for my kids were barely used and i paid less than 20 bucks for three complete uniforms bottoms and tops!
This is my second time hete. Check in on Yelp and get free  garlic knots! When you walk in, you can smell the pizza. It's small but quaint. There is plenty of outside seating with outside misters.
Best pasta and pizza I've ever had - try their Penne Alla Vodka - it's to die for :)Great Customer service and price is great
My French tip gel nails have already chipped now. It has been less than 6 days. I wanted nice nails for a wedding but will be taking these right off when I get home. My nail tech was sweet but definitely not well experienced. Will never be going back.
Best car wash I have found in my area so far. Employees are very nice. I've even had my oil changed here and they did a good job.
Hell yeah!  Need one of these in NorCal.  Great concept, great food, great Bloody Mary.
lots of great options at a reasonable price with fast, friendly service. Make sure you tip them - they bring your food and clean up after you! I usually order one of the scrambles, perhaps the meat lover or the morning, and I always substitute the bread for the dollar pancakes... they have great coffee too.Be sure to come early, they get busy on the weekends!
The owner is great, the food is amazing,especially the hash brown with Cheese.  Not for noisy or crying babies, it is to enjoy your food.
Fast and quick service... Easy ordering and efficient place was packed but plenty of room to sit. Nice patio seating area. Food was good and would recommend coming back if your in the area. Pet friendly..menu has both breakfast and lunch available.. Fresh coffee and juice.... Tons of selections of coffee blends..
Best car wash I've ever been to in my life, great service, great place to hang while your car gets cleaned. Great owner !
Omg amazing place. This guys are awesome! High recommend to everybody!!!!! Only down I can say is the wait time is little bit long. But the work is perfect. This guys pay attention to every inch of the car. The waiting area is nice. Have free coffee and water and wifi! Bring a lap top or iPad to here!
Delicious cupcakes!!!! If you Love cupcakes, this is the place for you!!!! Great customer service. Very clean!
The cakes bites are very addicting so be careful.  Cup cakes are crazy good too. The red velvet cookie was good but not amazing
Delicious! I love this place! These are the best cupcakes you can buy. Try the cookie dough cup cakes!!
Oh these cupcakes.  Be still my soul.  So yummy.  The cookies are delicious as well.  I find everything in general to be a bit overpriced.  The location is darling, always clean and the staff is friendly.
This is one of my favorite places to stop for a dessert treat!They'll let you sample a free cake bite when you stop in for the first time.
They don't have ice tea only tea leaves that get pressed for  4.50 no refills and the flavor is not pleasant even though they claim that it Is the best around .
Great flavors, best consistency, kept clean, friendly staff! Even though it changed names/ownership still my favorite yogurt in the valley.
You can sample any froyo flavor... Just ask! This is basically like yogurtology, just a different name, and I think under different ownership. You can't go wrong with froyo!!!
Get in here now.  IBC is a wonderful addition to squirrel hill!  The selection rotates all the time and the beer is always fresh.  The record selection is great too and the bartenders are always pleasant.
Posh, yet convenient place to grab, eat, or drink. Priced for clientele who live in the luxury condos nearby, but quality is not bad.They should replace the oval white plates. It's hard to rest forks and knives, easy to slip and fall off.
I love the quality of food and price. Great breakfast place!Their power wrap is really healthy and tasty;  freshly squeezed juices... Yum!!!!!!
Don't sign up here! Worst gym ever! I would much rather pay less at LVAC who offers more than this gym! Staff is not helpful at all!
Amazing bunch of people. John and Gary helped me out so much. If I ever need an attorney again I know factly who I'm going to go to. Thanks for all the help.
Quality crepes and coffee / tea. Casual atmosphere, chill. Good for conversations. The Nutella crepe was tasty but could have been bigger! The dining area is very open so no hiding spots for private dates but great for people to get together!!
Best coffee and crepes anyone could ever ask for and the ice cream is amazing. The store is beautifully designed with a welcoming atmosphere.
Good food, good service.  Large portions.  I was specifically impressed at the lengths that our server went to in accommodating my wife's difficult order. She made sure she had it right.
Overrated.  Overpriced.  To much pride and ego for an inferior product.My girlfriend and I went in looking for Oysters. High Tide had been recommended to her by her boss. I have to say for the most part we were unimpressed and found the majority of the price points to be inflated. While neither of us are Oyster aficionados by any means, we know what we like and came here because we had a craving. We sat at the bar, which is an open style Oyster Bar.  Two guys in ratty t-shirts were working. We were a bit put off when one of the guys grabbed what was obviously our ticket, hand it to the other worker and make some sort of comment about it being "his turn." There was a groan and a roll of the eyes as he looked at the ticket. Since the next thing he did was shuck our oysters, we already felt a bit awkward as if we were putting the two guys out for doing their job. More importantly, the oysters were tiny and fair at best. $34 for the smallest oysters I have ever seen was a bit disappointing. Again, we aren't oyster aficionados, so maybe it's a fancy type of oyster we aren't aware of. We didn't finish our order or our drinks. We paid out our tab and had dinner elsewhere. We won't be back.
Baked orange roughy was delicious!! And the key lime pie was perfect! Service was great as well. The atmosphere is fun!
Great food. Great service! You won't be disappointed!The Lobster Bisque is to DIE FORRarely do they make a mistake, but if they do, they make it right, and then some. I will be a loyal customer forever, as long as they keep up these standards. Gordon Ramsey would be proud.
Hard to believe you can find great seafood in Gilbert.  But we love this n place.  I think they have happy hour and brunch.  Will have to go check that out.
Everything is spot on except no sweet tea. Has to be one of the best places in that area. The steam pots come to your table smoking hot and delicious.
Super bomb sandwichs. Great selection. Get the Shawn Michaels add Thunderbird sauce, it's not on the menu but trust me on this. Thank me later.
Our first Ike'a experience was amazing!  I can't wait to go back.  We took the recommendations of the cashier and were super impressed.
Food is nasty! I was hungry and it looked good, but it's definitely not. I got half steamed rice (which was really dry) and some  pepper chicken that tasted like orange chicken. Also, its so ocer priced!
Pathetic uncooked bland non salty food please avoid at all costs. I would really expect some better food at an Indian place
Nice new concept dining room. Boths all around yet you can still see everything.  Great friendly service. Will be back! The skewers were AMAZING! Just stopped in for a bite while on the run, can't wait to spend more time!
Great service, great food! The "hot feel" favor is very good.  And if you add some corns in, that will be amazing!
I am in love with the brie and pear panini.  Like actually in love.  I also had a cold press which was delicious.  Don't be fooled by the name; it's a perfect lunch destination as well as a coffee and pastry break location. This is a nice little gem.
Amazing workout spot! Staff is extremely friendly and welcoming! Love the positive energy and amazing trainers as well. Never a boring workout!
Amazing customer service. Their work is top notch. I highly recommend this place. They took care of everything and kept me updated throughout the entire process.
Best Korean food in AZ. I've been waiting for a restaurant worthy of the East Valley Korean title belt; hodori and chodang always fell a bit short. GOGI has finally satisfied my need!I went with a group of friends last night and we had the soon tofu, haemul pajun, bulgogi, assorted caviar stone rice bowl, and bibim nengmyun (buckwheat noodles). We also had the sushi which was all very fresh. The food was all great. And the unlimited sides were all yummy too.I would definitely recommend this place and be coming as a regular.
Weak and over priced drinks.  Food quality was poor for the price you pay.  Service is slow. Was sat at a dirty table and the waitress never cleaned it off for us. She just put our menus down on the crumbs and drink spills.
Great bartenders and great food! They have a great moscato that is almost too good! I wish we lived closer, I would be there all the time!
decent food good prices.  okay for sports.  they should buy sports packages rather than just have games on from major channels
I'll give an average 3 stars. I guess I won't come back again. Nothing special I could find to come back here again.
I was here at 10:45 a.m. and it was Yummy and Fresh.  I had the black pepper chicken and beef mixed vegetables.  The staff was friendly (I got the feeling they were husband and wife) and gave me multiple samples to try, without my even asking.
Super cool attraction!Amazing views - we went at night, and I would think that is the better time to go.  However, they know that, and charge a $10 premium for going at night.  I think its worth it, as they views are spectacular.My fiance has a small fear of heights, but he felt safe and wasnt scared inside the pod.  It is very large (fits 40 people) with seating for about 10 people. Check living social for some discounts.I think it basically lets you go at night for the daytime rate.TIP:Go to the bathroom before hand, the ride is 30 minutes long.
The best way to end the night! Spectacular views of Vegas. They need to work on their service at the bar. Literally one person working and she was moving so slow we almost gave up.
Awesome view with unlimited alcohol what more can you ask for. Had a great time met people from san fran and got super wasted
So much fun and a beautiful way to see Vegas in the air conditioning.  Go early and look for discounts.   A great place to take your significant other.   Romantic and exciting too.
Pricey but nice view at night. Must do it once I'd say but nothing spectacular. It's nice that they serve drinks. The line goes pretty quick.
Breath taking & a nice 30 minute smooth ride! Definitely recommend this to all & it's cool cuz u can bring a drink on the ride!
Friendly staff. Great breakfast sandwiches. Good produce. This is a great little place to walk to on a Saturday morning to grab some groceries and a sandwich/ coffee to start your day. The sandwiches are made in house and they'll put it on the press for you to heat it up.
We Love the amazing food and wonderful staff!The warm truffle edamame is amazing .  We also had almond chicken and sugarcane pork.Those are all on the happy hour menu. A great deal to be had sitting at the bar
Best hidden gem. Will be back again. Top shelf liquors. Live DJ and more. They served pho which was delish and hit the spot. Perfect spot to chill with the bestie.
Play the artist and create your own pizza masterpiece...Custom designed 11" pizza for only $7.99 with as many, or few toppings as you desire, including premium ingredients like feta, goat cheese, artichokes, Kalamata olives and more....At no extra charge, including your choice of crusts.  They also have pre-designed "Starving Artist" selections for only $5.99.Being the "new kid on the block" the concept of designing your own pizza has caught on and this is one of two chains opening in the Phoenix area.  Convenience-wise this place is in a prime location and already has lines out the door at times.On my way back to the office, I grabbed a custom vegetarian pizza on a rosemary crust, to share with my co-workers.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the resulting pizza was enjoyed by all, however the crust was a disappointment.  First, there was no discernible rosemary taste. Secondly, they cooked the pizza on a pan through a conveyor-belt oven, which left the bottom of the crust too soft for a pizza this thin.  Other similar chains are using fired ovens to cook your creations resulting in a crisper, tastier crust.All in all, the design your own pizza at a low price makes it worth working this place into a rotation if you are in the area and/or on a budget.  But seeing Phoenix is one of the "Top 10 Pizza Cities in America" (Tripadvisor), there are far better pies to be found in the city.
You can't go wrong with nice staff, a clean place and a good pie.       The rosemary crust was a nice change from any traditional pie.
Pricey but worth it! If you return the glass bottles you get $1 off. They open early too which is great.
Acai crunch = amazing !!  I must admit that this is my new favorite place. My husband and I enjoy the acai crunch very munch that we actually got it two days in a row!!  Going back soon for some of their amazing juices. Cool thing is they let you sample pretty much everything. Also, the employees are sweethearts!  5 stars and two thumbs up!!!
Love this place! Amazing products!!! Start drinking your juice here!!! The juice is amazing and the staff always polite and very informative. Great place!!! Plus local
This experience added to any event really makes it worthwhile! The props and instant photo gratification will wow your guests and create unforgettable moments.
Food was good, but a little slowly, sevice is ok. Our two orders on the menu price is$7.95 each, with  $189 one night room price we don't need to pay breakfast now. Comparing the room, I more like the breakfast.
$2 mimosas on Sundays!! Avocado fries and beet sandwich are delish, patio is perfect on a sunny day and there's even a little window so you can be at the bar and still be outside
NOTE UPDATE ON BELOW INITIAL REVIEW:Went in for a sandwich today.  I asked for it To be toasted and Reconfirmed with the girl twice.  She then made my sandwich and forgot so went ahead and toasted the entire sandwich including the MAYO.  I asked politely to have the sandwich remade and she said "Fine, whatever ok", she them proceeded to help the other people in line and said I had to wait.  Wow.  Horrible customer service and after 25min and no sandwich I left.UPDATE:The business manager replied and was sincere about addressing the situation. Impressed to say the least.  I will reply when I have the chance as weekends leave me not much time for this.  I appreciate the  reply and will get back to you and your questions this week.  Thanks
Mark is a magician. Worth every penny.  I had a neck issue that was insanely bad and he fixed it afte 3 visits. I would reccomend them to everyone.
Totally deserves 1 star, but I did pay for it, so I am to blame as well.Sundae is $10.22..... Whaaaaaat! They are robbing me.....for real. I guess I should have asked for the price. Oh, and that was WITH a dollar off coupon. Come on. Let's be real. Seriously. $10.22 for 2 scoops of ice cream and a small piece of an undercooked, gross gooey brownie?? FAIL!
They're CLOSED! Permanently!!  Phone is disconnected. Signs are all down. I am assuming that this location is no longer open for business. Never got a chance to give them a try. I can't understand the turnover. There is ample parking. Apparently location isn't everything.
Lalalallaaaalooove this place!Always looking forward to coming back! Both the customer and work is incredible.
Wonderful staff and great food. Love the specials. The salsa and chips are great. I had tacos for my meal and I will say they are the best I have had in along time. I tried some of my husbands burrito (steak) and it was very good. The spice was just right. I would recommend you stop by and try it out. We will return.
Very nice restaurant and very delicious food and open 7 days a week from 10am to 10pm
Very nice restaurant and very delicious food and open 7 days a week from 10am to 10pm  correct phone is 480-941-3423 or 623-999-8808 Hasan Banisakher
The fried chicken is amazing! So are the fries...and the corn...and the pizza lol We haven't been bowling yet but they have great food and it's huge!
It's fun to be at this yelp event, I have to come back when there's no event. We got to bowl 2 games while the party was full on!I did come back the next day because I won Life is Beautiful lineup party tickets!  When it is not a special event things are similar but you have to pay for everything.  We ate while the stage area was full on action and we watched on TV screens.  This was a great option for 2 hunger people that needed to sit instead of smashed in a crowd. I will post photos of food,  it was good, large portions and worth price.  It was great to see they have many A grades from the Department of Health, they proudly post for all to see!
Venue, bar, and fried chicken. Nothing else to really say. Wait, Yelp is saying this review is too short. There's also bowling here in this great non-vegas atmosphere.
Amazing venue! Good drinks, always a fun time, they always have amazing shows, if you don't have anything fun to do check out their shows.
Rebel souljahz concert last night was epic!!!! They also have a patio so u can smoke,eat, etc. a lot of reviews are bad for the concert part and most of them are rock music which we attended a reggae concert!!! No pat down intended but why would you were islanders we just smoke bud or drink and we have a great time doing it..it was real good vibes last night got to see my girl Eli Mac which was phenomenal overall experience was dope as faack cheehooo!!!!! P.s. I'm 4'9 and I saw the stage just fine
Not much flavor. Nobody in restaurant during Sunday lunch. Incense burning at front door if you're allergic. Water tastes like tap water. Lady couldn't understand much English.  Ordered from a picture and it was nothing like shown. Too much ginger flavor in their sweet & sour sauce.  Won't be back unfortunately
Awesome food. Awesome beer. Awesome service. Need I say more? Go there and see for yourself! Local bar vibes with drafts from EVERYWHERE!
Great food and service.  They now have beer and margaritas.  Should expand their menu a little.
Kent is awesome, he help us purchase a nice watch.  YOU ROCK!!Thank you, I will differently visit again to purchase some glasses.
From drive thru to cashier to the food! Bad experience!! Sad. On our way to the airport and thought we'd pick up a little lunch. It was a really bad idea.
The decorations very nice, the Ramen soup is tasty not too salty, Ramen is perfect. They seem a little rushing to me.
Top 3 ramen spot in LV...
Cozy and comfortable, but the whiteness of the place might shock you to begin with.The broth could use a little more, kick.
Wow, well done.   Service, food was amazing, I'm coming back for sure.  The atmosphere is beautiful with trendy art work.   You will leave happy and full.  And guarantee you'll be back.   I've eaten at Shabu Fondue restaurants all over and I have to say this is one of the best
Great food, great bar, great server Kori. Keep it up Baby Kay's. The gumbo is delicious, the red beans and rice rock, the wings are to die for, and the fried chicken is second to none! Do yourself a favor and go get ya some!
Got an appetizer and seafood salad. Always a pleasure. Had the crab and shrimp salad. Just what I wanted. Service was fine, attentive and relaxing.
The food is amazing! I like the vibe in this place as well. My favorite was the Etouffee. The gumbo was yummy as well. We also ordered the sampler platter that they had and it was to die for! The staff was very friendly as well. We will definitely come back!
I love everything about this place the cheese burger was thin but pretty good i really like the shoestring fries and the frozen custard rocks il go again
The food is great....the people are so nice it is a great place to eat at. Its clean and the prices are appropriate. We went twice in the first week of finding the place. It is a bit of a wait when u order but it is worth it in the end. I would highly suggest the fried shrimp po-boy but any thing you order is good.
Friendliest people around & the best coffee. What's Dutch bros? Team kona!! This coffee is the best thing that has happened to me all morning.
Love the fresh juice! Smoothies are great too! I gave them 4 stars because the cups are never filled half way with ice and its a little over priced. However, this place gives lots of healthy options for those of us who are trying to avoid McDonald's! :)
Great place. Affordable pricing. Very friendly staff. Get the cheddars pain killer.  This place would be great to get together with friends in the bar without the loud club-like scene
Awesome place.. Love the staff and food!! If you're looking for good eats at a decent price this is the place.. Great place for business meetings or when you are treating
This place is so good! We love it and the food is incredible! Prices are reasonable and you get a lot of food.
Only talk to the people who own the place or are related to the owners! I called today, asked for a specific wine from a specific region , I went to pick it up and it was the right wine maker from the wrong region !!!! I've never had a problem at this store except for today!Today this place lost one star because this particular employee wasted my time, even after I called and asked for a specific wine and gave specific details! This person is nothing more than a cashier and has no product knowledge and shouldn't be allowed to answer the phone ever!!!
Great service and fantastic selection! We are in town for a few days and came here to stock up. Super friendly guy even gave us an amazing discount! It must be because we are so beautiful!
It's nice to get out of the crowd, have a cocktail and watch live music!  We came in here last Tuesday, seeking refuge from the heat and sea of people out at the Linq.  Cutesy, funky, whimsical paintings of robots and children (love the decor), special hand-crafted cocktails, and live music--what more can you ask for?  Service was okay.  I had a champagne cocktail with muddled strawberries.  The runner took my glass before I could eat the strawberries at the bottom of the flute!  I was pretty sad about that :/... MAYBE if he could HEAR me over the music, he may have left it on the table lol... but yeah, it's pretty loud up in this joint.  Definitely not a place to meet and have a conversation.  The prices are another thing I'm not to keen on... ~$16/drink + tip... which can easily stack up if you're having good time. All in all, I'd be back again.  Mostly for the live music.  I wish there were more places in Vegas that showcased live music.  Any recommendations out there? :)
Fully renovated 2015More seats. Same great food.  I don't see why they have renovated since the place was already clean and well maintained. A classic in Greek food, I am going there on a regular basis.
Delicious ice cream with a unique flavoring! Reminds me of Jenis in columbus, Ohio. Great spot for after dinner with very decent prices and a great selection. Highly recommend it!!
They have AWESOME GF options!! Once they change their opening hours from 10am to (god-willing) 8am then this will most likely be my new remote office.
Great knowledgeable people, great strains, great discounts for disabled vets.  Pricing is competitive.  Very clean and professional atmosphere.
Go socialize at their Social Hour from 7 -10pm! They hosted the Junior League Provisional Social and totally hooked us up with their awesome space. Korean bars are VERY rare here and I loved it. Will be back.
Wonderful cozy neighborhood coffee. Must try the Egg&Cheese Croissant....amazing.The food is so organic and fresh from the farm.
Priced rather high I think. We wanted something quick before a concert at the Brooklyn Bowl. (The BB line was too long.) We were seated quickly and let them know that we were in a hurry to get to a concert. We were served as quickly as you can when you order pizza. :-) The pizza was good. It wasn't anything special. The service was good. I probably won't go back though. I thought $17 for a small pizza was way on the expensive side. Way to go Vegas...let's stick it to our tourists. :-(  Next time I'll be sure to arrive at the Brooklyn Bowl to early enough to try their food.
Great pasta & pizza!!!! Very good service. Prices are ok. Wine is nice. You can order to eat inside or outside. Or you can take out to the hotel.
I had the breakfast, it was mediocre.  They were out of waffle mix which I had already payed for, the hash browns tasted frozen and bland.  Eggs, toast, and bacon was good.  having to wait 10 min after the rest of my breakfast for the waffle was no bueno.
Awesome atmosphere and service! Food is great too! My fav weekend brunch place! Try the morning glory breakfast or the baileys special !
Excellent service, exceptional sushi, great prices! This is a great, casual, lunch spot! We will definitely come back, plus they deliver to the Westgate area!
Thank you Tim for the great customer service. If you need help with anything make sure you ask for him
They saved our baby another vet diagnosed a horrible death. We were recommend to come here we received a real diagnosis they took great loving care and we now have our baby so thankful to the staff and wonderful place :)
They've closed down. There's a new vacant sign, and salon is completely empty. It wouldn't surprise me as other people I've known went there, and said the customer service was bad, and the pricing was inconsistent, they would never return there. Merchants should realize this is a small town, people do talk about service & pricing!
Very friendly and great service . Had my bike fixed here and it was cheaper than what I pay in downtown phx .
Huge sandwiches good to share.  Fresh and healthy choices.  I love the Tablet system for ordering.  very casual place.
Outstanding.  They need to franchise this idea.  Got to try the protein bowls.  Breakfast also looks like a winner.
Awesome food! Great atmosphere! Will definitely be back! We were given samples of the meat before ordering, which was great for our kids so they didn't end up ordering something they wouldn't like. The portions are huge! Five wee tacos or three large ones, humongous burritos, giant sodas. The only down side is they don't have a location in the west valley.
Good meats good eats. If you like spicy you won't be disappointed. Amusing decor. Did I mention they have great food? Because they have great tacos.
Incredible food and value - AUTHENTIC The meat tasting is fantastic - from mild to spicy The owner is a sweetheart- so lovely and always so helpful
Great family owned spot - mom's home cooking. Lots of meats to choose unlike most places. Definitely get the horchata rice drink as well.
Excellent food!! You owe it to yourself to go to try it!! Great selection of different toppings!!
Excellent street tacos, cheap and fresh.  They let you sample the different meat choices as well.  Cool atmosphere.
Awesome food and unbeatable service! I love supporting family owned places! The owners do a great job keeping the lines moving and keeping the store very clean even when they are packed. If you are new to phx or just have never been here then give it a try. You will not be disappointed!!!
If you want tacos done right, go here!!!!! And great prices!!! I'll definitely be a regular there!!! The staff is so on point and so accommodating! The atmosphere is so welcoming and fun! Over all this place is near perfect
This place is legit!!! Best tacos EVER..:we came in for the first time, nice heat and awesome authentic flavors.  Exactly what we were looking for.  Great value as well.  Samples for first timers a plus!!!!
I give these 5 thumbs up for there service Fast and efficient right across from henderson dmv inside the gas station come see them and dont have to wait in line
It was crazy busy but or server was cool and attentive.Magic Hat on draft for three bucks but 4/5 cause a server crop dusted us.
I go to zipps a couple times a month. Best wings!!! And zipparitas!! I love going when they have happy hour
FABULOUS!  Service is great and Miss Amber in he bar is dedicated and on her toes!! This was our second time there and Amber totally made us feel at home. She has a beautiful smile and nobody should feel uninvited by her. She was awesome
We had a blast with Paige and Jeff! Thanks for making my sisters BDay special. We will be back many more times to come. Energy level was awesome and we loved sipping and painting like professionals.
Great atmosphere to be in when relaxing and unwinding!   The owner sat down and explained the reason for the fruit in this experience.  I like when I become a educated customer thanks Nick!
Super yummy Greek salad with chicken!  Perfect size to fill you up and its literally the fastest "fast food" I've had.
Tasty salads! I love the BBQ Ranch with chicken! Try it in a wrap, too!
Always friendly and coffee is delish!!! Get a Bob Marley!!!You can also try a butter beer if you feel, especially hot!!! We came on opening day and it was nice to see that they had it organized and quick. Considering the long lines of cars and foot traffic. Cops directing lines too!!So glad to see them on my side of town!!!
Bravo! Wonderful world-class customer service and great products. I went their last week and happily blew my diet.
Great service, friendly staff, the drinks are supra better than Starbucks.  Several circumstances have taken place in which we were given free drinks if we waited long or the barista just was in a good mood
Excellent service! On time work done was great. I highly recommend. Service tech was professional and courteous.
Every time we come the staff and Dr Ryan have been awesome.  I took my Dog in on a Thursday evening.  Saturday morning a staff member from Hayden Road Animal hospital called to check on him and make sure everything was going good.
Everything is so good and fresh. It starts with good ingredients. Everyone is friendly and the service is great.
All time favorite pet food store. They are very knowledgable when it comes to your pet needs. They know their products. They offer healthy options with natural ingredients. The staff is the nicest! They truly know the meaning of customer service.
Friendly staff and well prepared creative cuisine.  Great creativity on the menu and well crafted beverages at the bar!  It's a great find in Lawrenceville so why suffer the bad service at Industry Public House?  Similar atmosphere, just better experience.
Love this place!!! Great skin care and service!!! Highly recommended!!! Brandi is so knowledgeable and sweet!
All I can say is tasteless, nasty and expensive..don't waste your time. Lobster has no flavor which I assume is due to being farm raised and frozen. The bread is stale and bland...Chowder on chowder fries tasted like watered down 7-11 cheese sauce...to top it off our order came out wrong, they took the wrong sandwich back to sub for the right one  & just added butter to the top of the one sent back and pretended like it was the new re-made sandwich!! All this for a whopping $46.30 per person!! Such a waste!!!!
Wonderful Lobster rolls and the tacos where excellent.  The best food court food I have ever had.
Pricey- but delicious. The lobster bisque was ok. Portions were small. The lobster roll was good but again portions were small. expensive for food court type atmosphere and food.
Cool place to check it out..
I took my phone and they did an awesome job it look like new again. I need a new screen and it come out all new looking
Really quick service!!! Guys are pretty funny !! Lol really nice work. I would recommend them!
Delicious food, good price and very nice people! Absolutely offers best examles of Anatolian Turkish Cuisine! You have missed a lot if you haven't been here yet!
My hubby and I love the food and staff here. And the bakery stuff are awesome. Small friendly warm restaurant.
Location is closed...Went to the shop and the signs are down and the space is for rent. Was looking forward to picking up some things as the web site had some great prices. Oh well...
Best drinks to enjoy.  Always get them when in town! I got a strawberry drink with rum. Extra shot for 2 bucks, not bad. 32oz of awesomeness for $14 and a refill for 10 if you have the cup. Not so shaby!
Very Clean practice.. Great service - Will totally keep coming back for my regular cleanings . Enrique and the staff were very helpful and courteous and they took my insurance
Maya was excellent.  SHAVED ICE is sooooo good!! My husband and I shared it because it was humongous. We got strawberries with the salted caramel ice cream. It was great.
Great food, great value, even better service!  You won't find a better value for $12.99
Loved it! Will def come back! My wife and I enjoyed the food and service. Its more of soup based meal..but no shortage of meat. One bowl fed us both.
Pot Tea Social House. Their hot pot is delicious, You should come here soon!Yelp doesn't like my haiku. So now I must write some more. It was good. Apparently it is always empty. I drove a long way.
I would come here everyday if I could. Really delicious. Very friendly staff. Great concept. Not a whole lot to say about high quality shaved ice except to be careful since it's easy to become an addiction! Also the ring game on the patio will drive you mad if you give it long enough lol. I hope to see more places like this pop up around town. It's great we are employing young people in a fun environment. Enjoy your sno! :)I want to mention that I had a small issue in the past with getting the wrong flavor. I posted a review and the owner, Jeff, reached out to me about it immediately to resolve it. How refreshing to see someone take their clients' opinions that seriously. #fanforlife
My favorite! I'm so glad they opened one right by me! They're the best shaved ice I've ever had.
Love making this place our family hangout!!!!  It's so much fun and has some of the best staff around!!!!
Authentic, quality Italian. Loved it! Restaurant is quaint, owner is very friendly and warm, chef is also very friendly and inviting.What we've had: Caesar salad, homemade dressing which is hard to find and very good!Lasagna, outstanding, pasta is light, sauce like my grandma from Italy made.Gnocchi, feather light with an exquisite Alfredo sauce.Chicken piccata, chicken is so moist and pounded thin, finished to perfection with a fresh lemon caper sauce, and served with wonderful oven roasted rosemary potatoes.Chicken Parmesan, also pounded thin, best I've had.We've had take-out and then sat on the patio tonight with my husband and daughter. Love this place!They don't have a liquor license yet, so it's byob, and you can pay a small corkage fee.Go here, seriously.
Some of the best cupcakes ever, not to mention the ice cream. SOOOOOOOOO many favors to pick from and tons of toppings. You have to try it!
Love this hidden Gem! Grier the bartender us the best!We sat at he bar and tried several things.. The wings, Bruschetta and streamers ... They were all top notch
Love this place, the staff is friendly and the food is delicious. The manicotti had lots of spinach, which I love ! The pasta Giovanni is my husbands favorite !
The doughnuts rock almost as much as the staff. Check out the pumpkin spice now that it is back in season.
Love this place!!  Great food and atmosphere. Come out!!  A family owned function that deserves the support.
Friendly service but food quite ordinary.  Did not enjoy the food except sou p which was okay
I love this place. The raspados are yummy and the staff is always very friendly.. My favorite is the raspado de nuez.. The fresas con crema are good too.
Solid portions, very flavorful, quick and great service!  Conveniently located and good atmosphere with full bar.
Great vibe, HUGE portions. Twilight, my server, was professional and really fun. I had the Cheese Omlet and couldn't finish it was so huge. Recommended.
Awesome food, i ordered Chop and chic. Lovely food and ambiance, would stop by here again. I have been to pheonix airport so many times but did not happen to be here. Will recommend for sure.
Gloria hands are magical 2nd time coming amazed I love her massages highly recommended
Decent food. Average waiter. Great atmosphere. Good music. Love the open room And outdoor seating.
Nice place to let the kids run around on the patio on a warm evening. Food....meh.I have had both breakfast and lunch here and both times left disappointed.
Awesome food. . Delicious burgers and wings! Family run. . Great food and wonderful for groups!
Awesome food and great prices I would recommend it to everyone!! I'm taking all my friends and family
Monday's are flight night ($10) with 80s music, feel free to dress 80s style!I love what the owners have done with the space, it's romantic if you want it to be and great for groups with a separate space if you need it.The servers are fun and friendly,  they know their wine.  The food is fantastic and it's great that they have gluten free options available.Live music on the weekends, feel free to dance if the mood strikes you.Highly recommend MWC Bistro
Excellent food and great service.  The staff was very helpful.  We really enjoyed our night.
Great food and drinks!  Adam, the owner is really cool.  Was there with the girlfriend and enjoyed the in house smoked salmon and grilled cauliflower dishes.  Can't wait to come back and see more of their rotating menu!  Chef has worked and some of the best restaurants in San Diego and AZ!  Adam gave us a great aperitif of the on tap Amaro Montenegro!!!
I've been to some pretty shady Quest locations but this one was very nice. The waiting room is small but very clean and comfortable. It was not crowded at all but this is an appointment-only location. I'm helped right away and in and out quickly for a basic blood draw. The last time I went the phlebotomist was friendly, but very loud and talkative. I think he had one too many cups of coffee that morning. This location is in the back of the office complex, not on the Horizon Ridge side.
Great skill, great customer service in an attractive upscale setting. I won't let anyone else touch my hair
The Michelada was good  and the shrimp were delicious. . The rice was good . It came with flour or corn tortillas. Never had shrimp culichi. But it's a must to try.
Really good and affordable the food was on point. It's a small place but so if you go just make sure you don't go on busy day.
This salon is just around the corner from my house and I love this salon! Steven is great and always takes care of me! Everyone is very nice and welcoming. I would recommend this salon!
Jantra, is very friendly n good! I love my facial as well.. Very clean place. My manicure n pedicure was good
Great and very friendly!!  Best subs EVER!!  Always fresh!!  I cannot say enough how they are always smiling and make life easy to order and take home that the family always loves without being normal fried fast food!!
the three cup pork feet is really delicious！！！ and I love the basil chicken and three cup pork feet
We had the best time with Amanda! We had a group of 20 with 2 guest arriving late. She was super accommodating and made sure the 2 late arrivals know exactly where to find her.
Awesome place to grab juice. Tons of mod choices. I was very impressed by the mech mods. Great selection for various juices. Their premium juice line is great and pricing on them is very good. Definitely worth checking out.
Amazing food.  Fantastic service!  I'll be back! I highly recommend this place for anyone that loves Mexican food!  :)
Great place to stay! Very clean!bi have stayed here many times! They are very friendly and have even upgraded me.  Great clean place.
Awesome pizza!!!!! Love it!!!Will order from them everytime!!! It's took only 40 min to get delivery. Good costumer service!!!
Melinda was amazing!!!! She came in to my crazy mess and was very considerate of the phone calls and meetings going on inside. I would highly recommend requesting her for cleaning!!
Tamara came to clean my house yesterday and WOW!  She rocks!!  Would totally recommend her to my friends and family members.  I love walking into my house and having it be sparkling clean.
Great authentic Mexican food. Try the  VAMPIRO !!! Sooooo Good!!! The corn is delish! Great atmosphere and decor. Clean and organize. Order your food watch how the customize your order !
Nice clean and great smiling service...had a family outing and loved that they had the space for 13 of us to sit together comfortably. Food was delicious and fast!
Authentic street tacos. So much flavor! I love all of the different sauces that you can try and they add even more flavor to the tacos. All of the green ones were my favorite. Can't wait to go back and try something else there.
Everything what is expected From a good taco place cleanFast service I had al pastor There's a salsa bar
$1 Corn today! Hola!! Best street corn and tacos al pastor in town!!! Great service and delicious food.
Great food Great Vibe ! And Affordable too!  few people ordered Corn on the Cob so I followed suit ..sorry don't really like it - smothered in something and topped with Mexican cheese ..,needs salt
This margarita is the best part of my whole meal! So happy to be able to have a drink. I was surprised to see kind of a buffet line. The salsa has my tongue still burnin!
We got carne asada and pork tacos, and chicken nachos. Tacos: bomb. Nachos: meh. Music: way too loud.
Always fast and consistently good. Plus they always remember my order. They are really friendly as well. The managers are wonderful.
Place is closed. Out of business. Too bad? Looked nice. This area sorely needed a Cigar Lounge. Less then a year the place was open? Oh well.
This is the nicest hookah lounge I've ever been to.  The decor, choice of tobacco, and service is top notch.
This hookah lounge is the best in town, very good custumer service & great food. This place has the best hookah.
Great customer service, friendly place. Calm, cool and relaxing.Parking is free and on site. Remember its off the strip but very close to it. Not walking distance.Food is simple good but not great.No alcohol here though.
Yep...definitely coming back here.  Kelly our waitress was such a sweet woman. Got our Cheesy Cheesesteak Club card. :-)
LOVE IT!! Everything I've tasted is amazing!!  Been to their sister one on van Buren so glad they're close!!
This food is delicious. Fresh tasting and full of flavor. Check it out. Yum! I highly recommend the ribeye tacos. The guacamole that comes with it is divine. I love the little roasted onion and pepper side too.
Really good carnitas! Pickled Onions and salsa are out of this world!The restaurant is really small but really nice decor and super clean.
Color me unimpressed , when u pay an exhornant amount for two eggs toast and potatoes and wait 40 minutes for your food and another half hour to get in the door u should get perfect eggs and potatoes my eggs were over cooked my potatoes undercooked overall id give this place a 1 out of five overpriced poor service over cooked undercooked - just makes for a bad dining experience - one that I wouldn't go back for seconds
Food was excellent atmosphere was very pretty. We will definitely be returning.  The mojito was perfect and my family had the French press. We went for Father's Day brunch and it was a perfect lunch. Nice waitstaff. Deserts were excellent as well.
After looking for a Notary services on Sunday. This was the only one who answer and provide the best rates.  They come to your house On time. Not Hidden fees. The best period.
Love this place. Poki Salad is soooo yummy. At first I was hesitant about the place because it was more of a fast food environment. Although the decor was nice and you can tell they put thought into it. But the food and serve amazed me. Definitely a place I will be going to on a weekly basis.
Great food and service. Try the Volcano, sounds spicy but its not, it's actually a bit sweet with great flavor. Rainbow roll tastes good as well. I loved the rice. Don't remember the name of it but it had small meat bits in it....delicious. menu can be found at their Web page:http://www.jumpingriceandrolls.com
Carkos Bakery in Vegas! Best cupcake in Vegas!!! Big fans of the show. I highly recommend.
Awesome place we loved it!! The pastry was excellent the first day but did not travel well. When we got back home it was not worth eating unfortunately!
1st time in Vegas.I love your Lobster tail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Looks like out of all the celebrity chefs in Vagas you have it right.
Sandwiches are decent, but way to pricey. Good customer service though. We have been to a few locations, and would go back again.
Fun, relaxing, drinks, food, games and a gorgeous view!! Try a Bloody Mary and add your own toppings!
Excellent service an accommodating when they make a mistake. Will definitely be back again.
Great atmosphere and food! This place also had an awesome staff. I would recommend if your looking for something to do with friends, family or work outing Topgolf is your place.
Best #Beer #Fun #TopGolfGreat place for parties, family outings or hanging with friends!!
Kobe Steak Burger was unreal Wow !! Was worth every dollar Zinburger will be a main stay every time I'm in Scottsdale
Food tastes fresh, nice atmosphere, friendly staff. I recommend the salmon. Cooked perfectly.
Food was boring. I will not come back. Well, maybe for the açai drink. Counter help was useless.
I like everything about this spot. Thanks, Yelpers for the recommendation! Sitting on the porch with a garden fresh salad and artisan iced tea enjoying the misters and good music.
Great customer  service.  well organized  place and staff. Help  save a life.  awesome employees, fast pace get you in and get you out. All staff has a great personality
The staff here are friendly. I love going up their and its very clean and quick if you are in the area drop by and give plasma and save a life
The chocolate eclairs! If you get anything, get the chocolate eclair. So good! I'm not a great review writer, but as a customer I do have high expectations. The staff is courteous and fun! We joked around throughout the transaction. The cupcakes looked so good I bought twice as many as planned! It was easy with the $10 for $5 coupon.
Great brew.  Descent hot wings! Good service!  Awesome beer!  Love all the German brews!
Found my new nail place. I'm so happy right now. Come here. You won't regret it. They provide professional and affordable service. It was such a pleasant surprise to find Tina working there now. She does an incredible pedi. Ana did my hands, and understood what a tapered nail with a square tip was, which has been a struggle to find. Also, they keep up on nail trends and new designs. All in all, I will be here at least every 2 weeks. They also provide body waxing and have 2 children's pedi chairs.
They did great work. Great price and very professional. My parents had recommended Cloud 9 when they had their windows done and the results were amazing. I would recommend them to everyone. Josh and Steve were excellent.
Poetry , karaoke, thrifty ice cream.....if you remember the yum that is thrifty ice cream your delight will be equaled only by the sheer generosity of these scoops!  An iced coffee kept my buddy happy and upon enjoying a shared sip.... I concur! Nicely executed!
Wonderful place...wonderful people! I love it and I'm so grateful to see another black owned business.
Get the kushiage brie and eggplant too. I love yuyu! The service is great and the food is unique japanese perfection.
Cheapest gas around, need I say more? The lines are very long, but at $2.49 per gallon I won't be the one who complains!
AAA trainer! Thank you Shawn for keeping me motivated and on track! Shawn pushes me to reach my goals and I've maintained close to my competition weight with the continued varied programs. I am getting married in June and am feeling amazing!
Very good food. Authentic and gray service. Really nice menu and great choices.  The tiramisu was quite nice, however, I annoy a fan of ricotta cheesecake.  The prices are great and the portions are very big. Will definitely go here again.
Best customer service and great food!!! Have been coming here since I was a kid and am never disappointed. The employees are so nice and always helpful. And the food is always great. My favorite is the Maui zaui!!!
Nothing better than a Dejah View with my Twisted Bikini Red bull! Dejah is the best. have her make you a Tropikini or a Tangokini! Did I mention how awesome Dejah is!?!
Had a great time and will definitely be back next year! Huge selection of vendors, everybody brought their dogs (whether they were their own family members or were in need of family members), and (according the the Humane Society of Charlotte's Facebook page) over $100,000 was raised for pets in need! Great stuff!
Best pizza in the world!!!! First thing you need to know... It's neopolitan pizza people! Don't listen to some of these other reviewers who clearly don't know what neopolitan means. The price is extremely fair. Margherita pizza for $7.95 and it was amazing!!! Add ons are $1.50 which is kinda steep. It's a build your own pizza bar pretty much. The interior is extraordinarily clean and the staff is exceptional. My bf and I stayed in Vegas for 4 days and ate here twice. I definitely recommend this joint!!! A little advice??? The pizza comes out a little thin do don't add on more than 3 items otherwise the dough will be overwhelmed.
Love! Fast. Fresh. Garlic.  Fire Oven. Amazing Ingredients. Kind staff.  Outdoor seating. I can imagine my vegetarian friends would pleased with selections of toppings to choose from.  Im coming back to 800 degrees
The best burger in Arizona! Hands-down! If you make the trip to Tempe Arizona this is a must try restaurant.
All the food is great. I've never hard a bad meal at any of his restaurants. The service was wonderful. I had the chicken tacos & the wife had the pulled...pork sandwich. Both were delicious! We also had dessert which was fantastic.
We had an amazing experience here. Nick "the sherrif" of flavor town was awsome! Great food, great service, and great drinks! We will make this a regular stop when visiting Vegas
Went there last night. Burger was great and service was awesome! Did not disappoint. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves gourmet burgers.
Everything I was hoping it would be!  Guy rocks!  Best breakfast in Vegas!  The burrito, the stuffed pancakes, the French toast and the famous loaded Bloody Mary's were all best in class.  Table service was first rate.  But how about some XXL t-shirts?  C'mon man!!!
Fantastic burger! Very unhealthy but delicious! :) the service was very good too. We will definitely go back.
This place was GREAT! Recommend it! Came here twice on my 5 day stay that good! A little pricey but worth it!!
Good ...definitely not great. ..for the cost it should have been great!......... ......... ..... ........... ......... .......
We really enjoyed Guy's. Good atmosphere, service and good food. We had a burger with Pastrami, nachos (really cool display) and lettuce wraps. They were all a little different and very tasty.
Great cut from great guys...love this shop! Barber shops are a fleeting commodity, so this place is a rare gem. Check it out!
I'm not picky about my hair. I've done super Cuts. I've cut my own hair. I've never asked whoever was cutting my hair to change it even if it was jacked up. I judge the time to cut my hair by how messy it is when I take off my work uniform hood - if it looks totally jacked then it is time to cut it. I've had everything from a shaved bald head to Hanson hair. Unlike many guys, I don't feel the need to get my hair cut on a set schedule. This is my disclaimer - I'm not a barber connoisseur.With that said, I do like places where "guys can be guys" and one of those places is the barber shop (get your head out of the gutter, I'm not talking about strip clubs). I think that charm is lost in places like Super Cuts. What I mean by all this is a place where guys can come for some sort of friendship and BS about whatever is on their mind - sports, girls, family, jobs, or just their date that night and be more assured to have that "male bonding" of another dude. Not the chest-beating male bonding found in the gym or at the bar... but more of an old-school bonding... with your barber. Some guy who is part of the community.Admittedly, I am a little too young to really remember any of this as I feel like many of these places died off decades ago in exchange for chains where being cheap is more important than comradeship. No many "Tom's Barber Shop" where you could count on Tom being there to give you a trim or to give you advice about your upcoming date or talk sports with you. So my judgement is more of what I've seen in movies.I feel that EMG kind of is different in that way. All the barbers are talking with their chaired patrons and other chaired patrons. Everyone is talking sports, girls, sports, or whatever. guys in the waiting room are chiming in and the barbers are all talking with them too. I've been to other barber shops where even talking to your barber seems awkward, much less everyone there. And talking at one of the chains is not happening either. Sure, you won't have a busty blonde chick leaning over to trim your bangs like you do at Sport Clips... nor will you have one of their packages... but you will have that smaller feeling of an old school shop.The price is about average, with it maybe being a touch higher than other places especially considering there isn't any sort of packages like you can get at Sport Clips. If you can, bring cash. It helps out small businesses with their operating costs.Here is the down and dirty on the place though - getting in is a bit old school too. On weekdays they will take appointments or walk-ins, but if you walk-in be ready to wait a long time especially if there is only one barber there. Even if you make an appointment, you very well may be waiting. So if you're a busy person or don't like to wait, this may be a huge negative for you. On the weekends they do not take appointments, so keep this in mind too. I would like to see Tony figure out a more modern or formalized method of scheduling appointments.NOTE: The only person I have had cut my hair is Tony himself. Jay has also been there but I refuse to let him touch my hair since he is a dirty Michigan Wolverine and I am a Buckeye.
Great casual Japanese option on the strip. Only Con its a little on the pricey side for casual Japanese food. It has a large open dining area with floor to ceiling windows that face the strip. Great for people watching! The menu has a wide range to choose from sushi, ramen, etc. My favorite menus items were crispy cod & pork shoulder steam buns. For dessert my 2 favorites were the doughnuts (tofu,sweet potato,rosemary) and soft serve (coffee, pop rocks, nori, carmel). Definitely order together for a great pairing!
Yusho's dining room is very colorful, contemporary, and definitely casual. Request to sit by the window for some people watching on The Strip. The staff was very friendly and attentive. However, the food is just ok. I'd rate the food 2/5. To be honest, everything looked amazing when it came out, but the taste was only half amazing =X We ordered the 6 course omakase menu which has some great menu items. Only catch is, the omakase menu is "to entrust" which means the chef picks for yu. Again, the food was eh but a few items that were good were the Tiger Shrimp, Ramen, and the Crab Fried Rice.
Yummy food, really teeny portions, overpriced, waiter not very attentive. Everything we ate here was yummy but the portions were so small considering the prices they were charging. The salmon skin tacos were really good but for 16$ it was really on the small side. The one tiny grilled tofu I think was 12$ and each bun was about 6$ a bun. And we even got a bottle of sake for 22$ and it was the small bottle.. Which I could have bought at a store for like 6-7$.. Eep... Also our waiter was very in attentive.. We had to ask a bus person for out cheque then go up to the bar to close the check. And it wasn't like crowded or anything either. So expect slow service and leaving kind of hungry.
Was an inexpensive dinner choice with some decent ramen. Would definitely try again. Had the fried chicken ramen and fresh mochi. Atmosphere was enjoyable and staff was very friend and attentive
I fucking live this place! Terry Wookie Hoffman is the best! I have gone here for everything tattoo and piercing need!
Worst service they never check up on you if you need more drink and food was alright. Only saw our waitress once when she brought us our food and after two pick up her check.
Very good and the service is great the food is ready fast I recommend to all you niggas
Bring your kido/s in .. Have fun building, they love making the mini figures.. Its such a great use of time.. Very friendly staff too!!This is fun for toddler boys with their dads.. Only thing is- there is no seating area/ i wish there was so its more comfy fr the builders to stay & hang out coz it does take time
They were amazing. Great experience. Definitely my sons spot to get haircuts. He left with a smile.
Great experience!! Freindly staff and very clean place. Will definitely be back. My daughter and niece always enjoy coming to Fun Kutz. Mayra and Justina are great
Super Clean shop! Staff are super nice! My Kids love getting haircuts now. No crying at all! We recommend this place!
Clean theatre, good availability on seating last minute and reclining chairs! Employees were kind and helpful and the place was not too crowded. We typically go to Esplanade but they are always packed. Will be back here!
Good choice for the healthy either.  I wish there should be more around.  A plate or salad is a good choice.
Real fish.  Fried right.  Best fish and chips place on the Southside! Catfish, tilapia,  and shrimp are all good.  Must try!
Best margaritas, best chips and salsa! It's so chill and tastes so amazing. I would definitely recommend :)
Food was freaky good omg. But the service was kinda bad. Smh I think next time we will sit at the bar then or Order Togo. I was really confused a lot of people took are order.
Guacamole was delicious and so are their tacos and sides. Highly recommend. They also have a huge beer selection.
Great tacos, amazingly fresh guacamole, and an excellent atmosphere. I have been here in Vegas for six months and I cannot say I have had a better taco.
Great passion fruit margarita. Tacos good too! We had Baja, carne Asada tacos, enchiladas and guacamole Nd nachos. Great cilantro rice.
Super knowledgable friendly highly recommendMy surround sound system sounds spectacular because of Justin try him you won't be disappointed
Good drinks and friendly staff A++++. They can adjust sweetness if you need to and they give you free sample drinks.
Boba consistency was good and many choices to choose from. One of the best boba places around here and not too pricey.
Boba consistency was good and many choices to choose from. One of the good boba places around here and not too pricey. The only thing that concerned me was when there were a lot of people waiting to order, they were blocking the door. It made it hard to get out. Hubby got the red bean slush and didn't really like it as much as 85degrees since they use real red bean. Here they used powder mix. Other than that, Kung Fu Tea was pretty good.
Love this place!  The ginger milk tea is the best with boba.  The staffs are friendly too
This place is sick!!! Sunshine Pineapple.... I'd drink it in buckets! It's busy for a reason: fresh tea, fruit pieces, and highly customizable.
this is my favorite boba place in vegas by far! It's right next to Zen Curry so it's a great snack afterwards
Favorite boba place to go to :) I'm used to places like Lollicup, and since that's a little further from me than I'd like, Kung Fu Tea gets my votes :)
One of the best in Edinburgh for great coffee - fact. Workshop beans and regular guests. Espresso and pour over plus some kit and beans to take home. Highly recommended.
Acai Berry bowls are absolutely phenomenal!!! If you haven't been to the Original Chop Shop before, do yourself a favor and go! You seriously can't feel bad eating here, it's all healthy! Whether you're stopping by for a protein breakfast bowl, my favorite acai berry bowls,  or a fresh pressed juice; you will not be disappointed. They even have an all natural soda machine made with agave nectar.Once you chop, you just can't stop!  ok I must exit this review now.
Great food and great service. Fun and friendly environment. Tons of flat screens with all the games. Sporting life bar is the breath of fresh air that the local bar scene is missing!
Justin is probably just being a tool. Great place, great staff, great product. If that place had a lounge I would definitely stick around and hang out.
Great customer serviceMy schwarma was too salty for my taste and without a question they comped it even though I insisted on paying.
Cooper is going to be my new favorite bartender in town. The sushi is really good, I would say better than other places in town.There is one downfall: the manager of the restaurant spends most of his time walking around micromanaging and berating his workers, which is not cool! If you go, you won't be disappointed, but be sure to tell the little twerp manager to stop giving his staff such a hard time. That would be the only reason why I never go back.
Super clean shop and chill artists! A little pricey but well worth it if you want quality. The shop is close to the airport and there is a La Quinta Inn walking distance to where the shop is which makes it very convenient for out of towners.
The food is amazing. The tacos are the best. If you like Mexican food you must eat here.
Delicious! I love authentic Mexican food! Great food and great prices! Owner was there and greeting patrons and was very friendly! I will definitely be back and with my kids!
Amazing, authentic Mexican food. Local friend brought me here when I was in town visiting.
Best place to eat....EVER!! So bomb! Their tacos, their drinks, their staff. Everything is amazing at this place :) && their funny shirts.
Food was good. Staff was friendly. Wasn't sure what Shwarma was when I walked in but I found out it's kind of like a Gyro with slightly different toppings. I would eat here again.
Super nice people, comfortable dining room and delicious food. You can't go wrong. Shawarma is delicious as are their fries
Super clean and oh so yummy!Now that I work nearby I eat here almost every day. the food is great and the owner is so wonderful. I always get the Harissa for dessert. its a sweet little bite of heaven.The only reason a star was lost is because the french fires is always very greasy. other than that I love to eat there.
This place is simply amazing.  Fresh friendly and beautiful. The rose tea is refreshing and the pickles are all in house made.
A must go!! A must repeat!!! Coming back for sure!! Delicious!!!The owner is a great man, friendly and attentive. They've got a lot of variety and homemade food. Great location and excellent room and space. Definitely a place to come again and again!
Food was awesome! Verona was great! Very welcoming and good customer service! Yelp showed they were open at 10am on Sunday's but apparently they don't open til 11am. Verona was kind enough to open the doors for us at around 10:30am. Food won't disappoint!
Amazing food and very attentive service. I had the lobster ravioli and loved it, the only thing they could have done better is adding more sauce to the dish
Love it here, food is great and the people are awesome. I've never gotten bad food from here, so glad I work close by so I can visit often!
First time. .would come back for sure! I'm very picky about my Mexican food..it was delicious! !
Car looks good, wash, shampoo, wax, condition, and cleaned.  $150 well spent.  Came back a few days later to clean under the hood.  This was the second time we used this business for a detail and will use again in the future.
Great food at a new location.   Stop for some great Jamaican jerk chicken.    Have been here three time now and haven't need disappointed, first of all you have to park in the back, which isn't great until I found out this 80+ year old building is on Phoenix historic registry and is one of the first if not the first strip mall in the city. So, in the 1930's parking would have been in the front but when the widened the road 50+ years ago they must have stole the parking.    Had the Jerk Chicken again and it was better then ever.   Everything is fresh made and takes a little to make so you may want to call ahead if you're in a hurry for lunch.    602-441-4588, Be adventurous, the maze to get in worked out fine.
Much nicer inside than expected, there is a menu of Caribbean dishes. The prices seemed a bit high for the neighborhood and portion size. My tilapia sandwich was small, and relied on the tartar sauce for most of the flavor. My side of fried plantains again consisted of just a few wedges and they were greasy and soft.At checkout my bill was wrong as they tried to bill me for the included side.I probblay will not be going back.
Amazing food and service would recommend to everyone i know absolutely wonderful Will definitely be back thanks to my wells Fargo buddy Sean Curtis for the recommendation best Jamaican food I have ever had
good food delious food. and nice boss
Great food, great service, and well worth the drive if you don't live nearby.The food was absolutely great, I had the bulgogi with the sides that accompanied it. While eating, we were offered free samples of some of the other great food simply to get a taste for it. Can't guarantee this happens every time to everyone, but I thought it was a great and friendly gesture!
I literally just sat down and I already love the food and service. Truly homemade flavor. Just moved to Las Vegas and I'm so happy to have found this place!
Great service and very reasonable prices!!! We live on the other side of town and we drive all the way here to get our nails done because they are always doing a great job and always willing to accommodate us even if they are about to close.
Best mani pedi I've ever had. I spent the entire afternoon.  The people were so friendly and helpful.
Awesome pedi and gel manicure!Three days later and I have to say that I received the best Mani/pedi that I've ever had... So meticulous and careful about my cuticles and applying a good polish. If I could go to Vegas every two weeks I would. Just a little bit pricey for a color tip French gel manicure - $40. I had expected $30 or $35.
Awesome place! Ben was great with the pedi! Good work everyone very polite! Reasonable prices,  no complaints!
Today's nails. "Home of the 2 1/2 hour mani pedi!" This should be their slogan. Nice staff, but be prepared to wait
Really good place in Las Vegas , clean and really professional I love it ,and cheap ...they take care of your feet and the massage I love it
Family owned store. Great people, great merchandise. Brian and Barry are knowledgeable great guys.
This location is closed! No longer in business!The sign has been taken off of the side of the building. There is nothing inside the store anymore. The last review was 7 months ago. Since then, the store has closed. Their website takes you to an online gun mall. They do not have a physical location anymore.
I love the blended ice!!!!!!!!Size is great for three people and the fruit is fresh. Will come again.
Delicious came out fast!! The kimchi was spicy the way I like it. My ramyun was delicious. I got it with egg. I recommend spicy. i loved it
Awesome place for spicy food when your in the mood, try the sliced pork with chili, so good . It was closed down and they had the best twice cooked pork , then reopened, they have most of the same stuff, but if you love spicy then this is the place, small cozy and good authentic food.
I love this place it has the best juice and wonderful staff. I have tried many of the juices and so far the best to me are the orchard kicker. I add chia seeds to some of them it is extra but it's good. I go here at least two to three times a week.
I think the pizza here is great! Look forward to going several times a week. Meat lovers is awesome.
Good pizza, good service.Loved eating outside & watching the game!I go once a year when my daughter dances at the Sheraton.  Check it out, you'll love it!
Drove from VA for a day trip and stopped by to grab a bite after reading reviews on yelp. We weren't disappointed. Good, fresh food for a low price. Good sized portions. Ordered three entrees, a beer, two sweet teas and baklava for dessert, total came to approx $35.
The best donuts hands down!!!! Always fresh! I'm addicted to these. This is the only donut place worth going to in the area.
Best and my new fave AYCE place ;) get Daniel as your sushi chef. He was pleased to teach me about and sample some live and obviously raw "horse clam" or geoduck and asked if it was ok to use fresh wasabi. Are you kidding!? Ummm, yes please! He also topped the scallops with wasabi tobiko which was a nice surprise :)
Very nice and spacious compared to rainbow location. Ok so here i go with the review. Its exactly what you expect from the other location unfortunately. I'm just really surprised that by now they would have their Sh*t together. So when you order your dishes here you would think you get them in the order you order them but you don't. they would even try to rush you when you eat here because theres so much staff everyone takes your order.
Excellent service! Excellent food! Kevin is a great server with excellent customer service skills. He engages the guests and keeps us coming back.
minus one....the worst service i ever had!!!never going back.i love oyshi on the south rainbow ,this location sucks...i've waited for the food for over an hour...
Good food, great atmosphere! $27.00 all you can eat, not bad at all! Service is great, good food selections!
I ate way too much. Food was awesome. We got all you can eat and we sampled everything.
I love this place. PJ is a great employee. Very helpful. I will keep coming back for the rest of my life. I'm so happy right now. #worstbehavior
Good food , great service normal price, fulling took the galbi beef and grilled teriyaki salmon , beef was very good, salmon was good, get kimchi as an appetizer
I wouldn't trust anyone else with my vehicles!!! Bert & Josh have always gone above and beyond for my family.
Delicious, healthy and great service! The brioche French toast is amazing!They have a good variety of fresh juices, fresh fruit- that was actually fresh and flavorful, delicious bacon, and we loved that many of their items are homemade. We will definitely be back!
No negatives I can think of. Amazing food. Great service. Brioche French toast and short rib loco moco were winners.
Food is amazing and great drink specials! Highly recommend checking out this place.  We will definitely be going back!
Great customer service!  Very clean facility!  Love their work!!!  First time customers 20% discount!  Prices are extremely reasonable!
Great decor and vibe. Ordered their recommended drink - Nutella latte. Delicious. Clean seating area, friendly wait staff. We didn't wait to be served.
Yum yum and yum! Everything you'd expect from a creamery. Ice creams, gelato, shakes, and other funny souvenirs. Outdoor seating is nice.
Love this place and their friendly staff! A definite must when in vegas! Lovely atmosphere by the strip. They have cute and useful gadgets as well.
Creamy delicious goodness!! Great variety and love how you can sample as many flavors as you'd like although it just makes your decision even more difficult. PB&J is a must try!
Got a 50/50 milkshake. Taste like just vanilla. Really disappointed especially because I waited over 15 min in the line and it cost 7.00
Great service great ice cream everyone was very friendly and eager to help. I was easily able to charge the bill to my room very smooth transaction.
Wonderful food and great service! I will definitely be back with my family! The wait is reasonable and the qualify of food is fantastic!
Amanda made us feel really welcome and our meal was just as enjoyable too. We really loved the banana nut muffins as sides to your wonderful breakfast meals especially the island favorite.
Best breakfast in town. Specials are available and patio is dog friendly. I usually get a breakfast burrito with egg whites, you can make anything egg whites, and tell them no oil if you'd like. Buckwheat pancakes are also something to write home about for sure. Give it a try you won't be sorry!
Always fast fresh hot food. Eat here like once a week. Never any issues or concerns. Great staff and service very quick and effective. Would recommend to anyone looking for a grwat breakfast.
Great food, great service from Amanda! She was very awesome :) Very fast service and friendly staff.
Great food great service no complaints my always go to breakfast place.the chilly burger is great
Five stars for Vanessa. She deserves a trip to Disneyland! She was very friendly and kind.
Curtis was super friendly and is a great server! Food was great and delicious coffee. Thank you Curtis!
Our favorite breakfast spot. Our server John was amazing!! The Bandido Scramble is delicious and we LOVE the mimosas!
Our favorite breakfast spot. Our server John was amazing!! The Bandido Scramble is delicious and we LOVE the mimosas! Back again!! We love this place!! And we love our server John so much that we came back and requested him! He's awesome!!
Better than the Vegas location! Servers are very friendly and they all help each other out
I really enjoyed the prawns, soft shell crab, and yam fries. I'd return. Excellent service.
Selena is amazing I love her!Food is amazing! Staff was fun and great!drinks were strong Luke I love em!
Food has to be checked before consuming!!Chicken was not cooked, restrooms are filthy, & place is small...
Great service and beautiful work. The staff is accommodating and extremely friendly & honest. I felt taken care of and was comfortable letting my tech make the decision that was best for my nails given my daily activities.
Very good food, they lady with the red hair was super friendly, I'll be back soon, also try the lychee lemonade
I didn't like the food and i normally will eat everything. It was just not as good as it looked.
Got the chicken bowl with brown rice,veggies and an egg on top - delicious!Definitely coming back for more : )
We ordered coffee....nothing ever came to the table....the end. They were short staffed and needed help. Place needs a renovation as well. I hope they turn things around.
Always a fun atmosphere, etc.... good appetizers. And lots of bar space for seats at the bar. Live music on weekends is pretty good as well.
Slow service but good food. Waitress messed up orders including our drinks. Owner was at table next to us and totally shit-faced. Definitely not going back!
It's clean and workers are very friendly. Also their spinach, goat cheese salad is amazing. Their swiss and mushroom burger with truffle sauce is also delicious, but my favorite item on their menu is their nutter butter milk shake. Its 1000 calorie deliciousness, that can be enjoyed on a heavy workout day. Just JK, but try out this milk shake. Its delicious.
Classic American donuts! Pretty good coffee and quick service. Their maple long john is definitely one of the best. Also their glazed will beat crispy cream any day.
Excellent food! I will definitely come back! The staff were personable and had great recommendations. The food was well priced as well.
Excellent food with great service. We went late (around 9pm) the atmosphere was casual and the food came out quickly.  Some of the best Indian food I've had in a while.  We tried both the vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. I will definitely be going again.
Omg great good food.. and excellent service and nice people..We went when they had buffet syle which I normally dont do!! but this was top notch.. Cannot wait to come for dinner.. Manager was very nice and gave of tips what to try next time.. Will definitely come back again. And there bread.. OMG.( best)  I could not stop eating..
Good food. Been here once and had the buffet. It was good food in less price. Great for students.
You have to do the Lunch Buffet! So good and very reasonable! The building interior needs some TLC but that doesn't take away from the food or hospitality. The buffet is done fairly mild so that it is not too spicy for most people but is still very flavorful.
Delicious. Friendly. Authentic. The owner is extremely kind. He gave great recommendations and mentioned an affordable lunch buffet. I will definitely be coming back to try that.
best thing downtown, and they have a local Seattle coffee. everything I've had so far has been great, and the employees are very friendly and knowledgeable.
Cold brew coffee is killer! Amazing donuts if you're in downtown
Doughnuts were dry and tasteless...I'm glad I had coffee to wash it down.  Hopefully better next time....if there is a next time.
Great value and yummy sushi. When we walked in for dinner everyone was very nice and accommodating definitely worth the 19.99 for unlimited sushi! Yum
All you can eat lunch is $11.99!!!A group of us from work (all of them are Japanese) went for lunch the other day.Not the best sushi but their food was great for the price.We tried everything on the sushi menu.I would recommend avoiding noodles (ramen or udon).  Broth was weak and noodle wasn't what I am used to see as ramen or udon.Bathroom was clean, interesting decor.Service was good, they kept coming back to refill our drinks and took additional orders.
Highly recommend for those who love sushiKind and quick serviceSushi does not dissapoint Great price given the region (north Scottsdale)
Concept sympa. Pas mal et pas cher pour manger sur le pouce. Il faut par contre pas arriver trop tard sinon c'est blindé
Solid menu, great when in the mood for a good grill. Mixed grill is the favorite although a little pricey.
Good food. Loved the paneer tikka and veg biriyani. I would recommend having their Madras coffee as well, reminded me of the authentic filter coffee back home. Finally feels like I have found a good Indian restaurant in Charlotte.
Very good spot, delicious curry , awesome lamb. And the rice cake is good too. I will try the lunch buffet next time
Great atmosphere. Service needs a little attention. The owner comes by and checks up on everyone which is nice.
Great food.  Great people.  Great atmosphere. Love it! They are brand new, so they had a few glitches, but all in all its a great place to eat!
Delicious food! The grilled octopus was our favorite dish. The plates are small so we ordered a bunch and shared them all. We were impressed with the quality. The atmosphere was energetic and quirky, and the restaurant was very busy.
The food was excellent and so was the staff. The quality of the meat was fantastic. The menu is large and offers many options. The ambience was lovely. The addition of valet parking made its location more accessible.
Apparently the business closed down. Sad!! I really enjoyed going to that place. We need more places like this here in Las Vegas
I love Skyla! Her nails last and she does great art. They are so friendly and we just realized that I have been going to her for 3 years. I post pics on here so check them out!
Worst experience ever. First of all nobody was eating there so clearly they weren't busy. Nobody greeted us plus we ordered a bowl of pho and a bbq pork and sat there over 30 mins still no food. We just walked out. Literally what the fuxk??? What a waste of my time. So the bottom line is that they don't even deserve one star.
Just as good as pho kim long. Ordered the rare steak pho. Not as much steak given as pho kim. They also do not have boba. The pho was really good though. I like to add egg noodles with mine
Great service Awesome food Cigarette borek lamb platter Chef made special kinafeHighly recommend
Food is great, just like it is in Turkey!  Pleasant and comfortable dining room.  Prompt service, park on the back street, it is easier.
i love turkish food it is very tasty service good nice girls ) i loved iskander kebab adena kebab and babaganush and also deserts is tasty yummy rice pudding
We went on Saturday night, The place was busy and cozy, We had the traditional Turkish food. Authentic foodExcellent service Cozy
A-MA-ZING!!! Best little taco place I've been to in AZ!!! The Fuego Taco was so super delicious! Don't pass up the guacamole- incredible! Sergio (owner) is so nice and takes pride in his place. We'll be back next week for sure...glad I don't live close by (I'd be huge from Fuego Tacos!!). Delicious!!
Great social local football bar. Always enjoy the Sunday football specials. Macy is a fun and friendly bartender. Make sure to give her kudos for her great service.
Dexter Love"s This Place!Fast & Efficient Service.I like they do Walk-in's!! The Christmas Feather is a very nice touch!Great Price.
Must stop in!  Very unique finds!  Not hard to find right off Independence.  You will find furniture and decor for your home from antiques to newer items.  Some prices are negotiable - just ask!The owner is so sweet she will lend you blankets if needed to help with the transport of your larger items - just make sure you return them :-)We purchased several items and can't wait to stop in again soon to see the new finds. Also on sale are local smaller items like honey and soaps.  This place is a gem!!
Cool place to find antiques, furniture and other interesting stuff. Sometimes a little pricey but the vendors set their own prices if I remember correctly.
Great food and excellent service. Best burger we ever had. We definitely will be going back. Sure its a little expensive for a burger joint but as soon as u realize its not a fast food place u get over it quick
I've been to the Burgtary at waterworks mall. This one is equally great. Shakes are AMAZING! Love very one of them! Staff is friendly. We got there during weekday lunch time. Not like the one at waterworks, we didn't have to wait for seat.
Love the place. Even has good veggie burgers!! The best feature is you can customize the way you want your burger to be. Always a waiting but you can shop till you get a call.
The food isn't great, it's ok. I got the fish tacos. I thought they were over dressed and the fish didn't taste fresh.
Great food and drinks. Julie is a great bartender! Try one of the tacos, they're all worth a try.
Joe is Amazing!  The Sopapilla's were outstanding!!  Had a great time on the patio!!  Thank you for carrying my Hidden Crush wine.  Love it!!!
Great food and friendly atmosphere. The price was just right and the taste was great. Don't let the out side appearance deter you
The manager and staff were fantastic!  When I returned the Hyundai Elantra I rented, the manager was eager to know if I was satisfied with my rental.  I was overall all satisfied with the quality of the car but was disappointed that it didn't have Bluetooth capabilities, he apologized and offered to make it up to me on the next rental, which he didn't have to do but it did increase my overall satisfaction --TY Justin!!!
Very good lunch. Great service, atmosphere and high quality good.Not much else to say or picks to add because other reviewers already posted...
Always clean and friendly staff.Most of the employees are really cool and se to like being in the atmosphere and have great personalities.
Excellent mani/pedi!  Will definitely be back!Salon is very clean.  Great vibe and customer service.  Owner is sweet as they come and very talented!
Good service, ramen taste good! I've been to many ramen places at Las Vegas and I think this one should be one of the best.
Omg amazing!!  Such great food and service!! It's one of the only place on spring mountain road that has easy parking and give you a really great interesting facts about miso! Greaat place to go!
ramen is good、severs good too。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。：）..............................................................................\。。....................................................................................,
Good food good price, very yelp friendly aswell! First time eating here and service is great!
The best ramen place in Vegas. Nice and friendly staff. Good and tasty ramen! I will definitely come back again!
Kaori is awesome :)and the food looks amazing. The decor is simplistic and cute. You can invite friends and be accommodated extremely fast
The ramen is really good finally found a really good late night food in vegas! Good place to eat hands down
Great ramen place! Especially like the flavor of the cha shu in the ramen! Service was great. Courteous staff and amazing flavor in the ramen! This place is a great find.
Yummy! We all love this place! The cha-shy ramen and the seaweed are very good. The staff were very nice and helpful.
There is a waiter who can speak Chinese :) the ramen is good. The service is good. The location is good. Free ramen added between 4-8. It is clean. Free wifi provided.
Not bad. A little bit too salty. But staffs are very nice !!! Free noodles during happy hour
People are friendly, and the place is very clean. But they are busy!Three kinds of soup base flavors to choose from, they are all very tasty.Cha Shiu Ramen with white miso is the best! The taste is just right, and the flavor with cha shiu is great together.
Delicious food, great service and I just love their jazz music! Couldn't even take a picture of the food because we ate them right away. Will be coming back again when we visit Vegas! ...and oh did I mention the place was also neatly kept.
Love this place,  very friendly,  and fast service... i love how their ramen taste and it always has me coming back for more! !
First time here and this is the kind of ramen I like. Great taste of soup. Lunch combo is really good size .
Delicious cha shu miso ramen. I added the karaage which was very flavorful. I recommend the miso broth which had a delicious earthy texture.
My favorite Ramen in Vegas!! The best!! 3 different types of Miso from different parts of Japan. The Chashu is very special, not supersoft that it falls apart, just right. The broth is very flavorful. Sora was my favorite until I went here. Now this place is my favorite. You will not be disappointed.
AMAZING SERVICE!! Came to my house and fixed it in less than 10 min!! Def recommend!!!
Great job, fast, professional, and glad he came to my house. Very easy! I would recommend this to anyone
Very fast convenient service! Came to my house and fixed my iPhone 5s in 15 minutes. I highly recommend you call this service if you break your screen.
Super quick repair. My iPhone 5S works perfectly. Very happy with the repair!Sadly I'm terrible at taking care of my phone. My screen was literally shattered and falling into pieces. Cutting my fingers when ever I'd answer a call. But 1 phone call and about $80 - $90 later my phone was good as new. Apple Store wanted $130 plus tax and couldn't see for 2 weeks! These guys were at my house fixing my phone in less then 12 hours. Next time I break my phone I know who to call.
Fantastic job! He did the job in less than 20 minutes. I would definitely recommend him to others.
We have been talking to Sprint all day today and have wasted an entire day fighting them about the price of getting our phones fixed. We googled this guy and he had the best price so we headed over to his place after calling since we were close by, he let us (and our two grumpy kids) sit and watch TV on his comfy couch while he fixed our phones. My wife was happy and that's the best part. (Happy Wife, Happy Life) Awesome stress free fix at an awesome price completely made our day! Kudos to this genius of fruit-based products!
Super fast and easy! And did a great job! Love the no lines and being able to drop it off and pick up!
Good drinks. Fantastic ambience. OK staff. I went in with a friend on a weekday, and because we were early, we got a good table. Our server wasn't very enthused about giving recommendations, and kept asking whether we wanted any more drinks, and decided to bring our checks after just two drinks. She was OK, but what I'll take away from the terrace would always be the view not the service.
Wow. Soba noodle bowl and small side if Mac and cheese $14.79.  Complete rip off. I Would not reccomend going here. Their sandwiches are very small and expensive as well
Cameron and Tommy are a class act. They are very professional and attentive. I highly recommend Mr Vape to anyone who wants quality and great pricing.
Tight little shop. With a very knowledgable staff. The juice is really good. My favorite is the tfk with max vg
Super nice and helpful lady and man took my carry out order.The few times I've walked in here, the place is always clean. I'm greeted quickly and if I keep walking to the counter they know its for to go. Recently I've gotten the Star Shrimp. Its about 10 jumbo shrimp with a special chief sauce. I can taste mayo in it. It came with glazed walnuts coated with sesame seeds. Delicious! Except for the couple bites where I could really taste the mayo LoL.I can't remember the two other times what I got. I guess thats what I get for taking my time to write this. All I can tell you, like many chinese food, its enough for dinner and lunch the next day.Damn, I'm annoyed I can't remember. And there's no menu listed to jog my memory - sorry guys!
Perfect place to casser your croute after snowy activities on or around the Mont Royal!The staff was really nice, and the chocolatine was pretty good. I liked their very simple (but not lacking) menu of treats/snacks. I always love a small business that is dedicated to being...well...small. It's got all you need - a few chairs and sunny windows. No fuss.For me, it's a huge plus that they do not serve hipster coffee. Their coffee reminds me of the stuff I used to serve/drink in the early mid-2000's before everyone went insane and grew mustaches. And it's good.
Good street tacos, will go back to try more it was clean & cute design.  We need more people to go to these small businesses in order to make Aliante thrive!
This place is clean servings are great and staff is real nice.  My new go to craving spot closer to home
Save your money for somewhere else!   VERY POOR wash job even for self wash.  I'll wash it myself next time ... which I pretty much did with a towel at this joint.  And it didn't even touch the wheels or back of my vehicle.
Das Essen war sehr lecker und der Service sehr freundlich. Wir werden auf jeden Fall wiederkommen.
I was here the other night, and ended up eating donuts and snapping a few photos. Very friendly service, and some seriously delicious donuts!! :D I had a maple donut with sprinkles. The frosting had great flavor, and the donut was fluffy. My friends also agreed!The building where this is located is quite charming 1960's architecture, classic ranch house style mini shopping mall (worth the trip if you are a vintage obsessed person like me). Inside the donut shop it is clean, and decorated in typical simple urban donut shop fashion, with red booths and a well-stocked beverage cooler.I'll be back
These donuts are excellent and will take care of your sugar addiction. They also have a great selection of drinks to go with that sugar high.
The people here are always very nice. They do great work!!! My daughters and their friends have gotten piercings and tattoos there.  Their pricing is great!
Incredible dining experience all around! Several unique choices and the expected steak house standbys all executed to absolute perfection. Great restaurant hidden in a hotel in dire need of remodeling. We had a party of 5 and tried everything we could. Zero complaints. One nice feature of it being stuffed in the back of Ballys is that you can get a table almost anytime with little to no wait.
Had my 50th bday celeb 15 people great food great service! Sommelier was on point tuna appetizer fantastic great ambience!
Justin had a great booty! Great job Justin! It was a perfect treat for the Bachelorette.
Why answer if you close in 10 minutes? Why even ask how you can help me if you're going to tell me you close in 10 minutes?
Such a rad gym! And the coaches are amazing. Love this place. The atmosphere is intense and motivating. It's a true community; the people here know everyone and every person is super great to be around!
Great service and beautiful Giada is in the house!  It is hard to describe how awesome Giada's new baby is!  From the moment we walked in the door, we were treated so warmly!  We arrived about an hour early to check out the bar.  Our lovely bartender gave us the interactive menu.  We went with Giada's favorite - The Destroyer with Azul Reposado and Basil.  Delicious and refreshing!  Our server was Valentino and yes, he lives up to his name sake!  He was assisted by awesome Joe.  Muuuuahhh - we love you both. We started with Bacon Wrapped Dates with spicy Italian sausage & gorgonzola crema. OMG!  Next was the Crispy Oysters Rockafeller with baby spinach bread crumbs & pancetta vinaigrette.  Delicious! Our third appetizer was the Vitello Tonnato with veal loin, seared tuna, and caper aioli .  This was my favorite - the combination of the flavors was perfect!  They opened the windows.  The noise from the famous corner of Flamingo and LV Blvd actually added nicely to the atmosphere of the open dining room.  Before our main course, we were treated to a prosecco and St. Germain cocktail to cleanse our palates.  It was so delicious that I ordered one with Hendricks Gin!  My friend had the ravioli.  It was fantastic -  perfectly cooked pasta and filled with sweet lobster.  I had the Colorado (my fav) rack of lamb.  The lamb was perfect, melt in your mouth and not gamey at all.  The crunchy coating was delicious.  Our side was the asparagus with lemon ricotta.  Grilled perfectly!  For dessert, we had the three Tirimisu combo.  Heaven!  We order the Nutella coffee which was delicious!  Giada stopped by the table.  She is so amazing!  She hit the jackpot in Vegas with her first restaurant!  We are so lucky to have her!Note: I want those dining room chairs - they are sooooo comfortable!
Make sure you call for a reservation or make the reservation thru opentable.com request for a window seat. It's worth the evening and trip. I love everything about her :)
What can you say. It is incredible !! And very unique twist in Italian food.evrtything is in smaller portions so you can try many different things.
Great place to enjoy great desserts and coffee!As someone who lives in Las Vegas I don't make a habit of spending much time on the strip but if you are in "The Cromwell" I would highly recommend stopping in and staying a bit.Molly was our server at the counter we were greeted with a smile and very attentive service! She is A-1!
I Love this restaurant !The food was good and the service was great as well. I wish the portion size was larger the rose many bread I can eat all day the best part, Giada liked my picture!
The worse service you can have anywhere in LV. We had dinner here last year and service and the food sucked. Gave it one more shit today, seems like nothing changed. The MOST over rated place anywhere.
The view is amazing ...the food is was decent. A beautiful restaurant.  Had the lasagna and a very tiny arugula salad.  I think the dinner menu may be more options. Lunch, not so much.
Amazing! The tasting menu is the way to go. It's expensive, but so delicious. Loved the lemon  spaghetti with shrimp.drinks and desserts were amazing!
This is the place to be! Thank you Travis and Becky Renner for placing it here! They will work with you so many ways!
This is an amazing car wash!! Fast, easy and clean! I highly recommend this wash!! Very convenient and gets the job done!!!
Always professional. Great job and relaxing. Quiet and clean. No busy during the day.
Oliver is the best. Highly recommend for a haircut. I have been switching between different people for years. Since I started going here I have become a loyal customer.
taste very good!! must try!! soooooooo good! traditional Chinese foods. those people who like Chinese foods must try!
Great place for Authentic Chinese food! If you're visiting,you will not be disappointed!
Chill place. Owner is cool. Tasty food, plenty beers. I'll be back. Hopefully downtown can continue to grow with places like this.
Great food and great beer by great friends. Downtown's only brewery, I visit often. Holly makes great food, for beer dinners, or regular. Have to try brunch. Just a great neighborhood hang.
Great service, awesome bartender. Great variety of beer! Delicious food! The house beer was excellent! Welcoming vibe and nice decor. Definitely recommend it to anyone!
Excellent food... Great chicken wings, pitas and the baklava is heavenly... This was the best dinner I have had at a Greek place...
Food did not taste fresh- my food did not have a great taste. We got the basil rolls needles and curry and it left a stale taste in our mouths .
Ordered the Honey Cilantro Carnitas, fantastic! Very affordable sandwiches of good portion. Served with a chocolate dipped strawberry.
Clam chowder is too salty. Crab sandwich had a little bit funny taste. Hopefully the salads are better.  I'll come back and try again in a month or so.
The best beauty supply in Las Vegas. Large variety of products and hair. The store is so organized and clean. The ladies here are so helpful and polite. I have visited this place several times and every visit has been good. I think that was the owner that helped me on my last visit. She actually came from behind the counter and helped me find what I needed. These ladies actually know about all hair not just straight hair. They are very knowledgeable of hair and hair products, which is rare in beauty supply stores that are usually saturated with products for only one demographic. I live atleast 20min away and I will and have made that drive to feel satisfied with my purchase. Not to mention that actually greet their customers and treat them with respect, unlike many sally's. I am a beauty supply addict and this is the best by far. Keep it up ladies you have a customer as long as I live in Vegas.
Great beer, good snacks and friendly staff! This place has a great vibe. I got the Tubbleweed and my fiancee got the Fest Bier. We also got beer cheese and pretzels and homemade beef jerky. All were good. Not a place for dinner but the snacks hit the spot. Plus they have growlers :)
Awesome beer. I really liked their kolsch. Light and fresh. Worth a try. Good location too.
Great beer! Royal Thumb was my fav! We tried three different beers and really enjoyed ourselves. We got a crowler to go of the Royal Thumb. YUMM!
Food is good but very bad service they don't make you feel welcome . Not going back. We waited along time to get our food. The waitress was not friendly at all we ordered yuca frita was not very good I was dissapointed.
Stay away!! This place gave me horrible service and the food made me sick for days! No one speaks English and the prices are WAY over priced. You're better off going to taco bell, trust me, won't ever be back to this place.
You can book online and you will get both email and confirmatory texts. When your driver arrives, you will also get confirmatory texts and your driver's phone number in case you want to contact them. SUPERB first class service for a very reasonable rate. Will definitely use this service if I'm ever back in Phoenix.
very.cheap. very nice noodle soup. vey good overall. i like the noodle best. my roonate said she is so happy. my another rommate said she really likes red bean baozi but i think it is jusk ok. i eat all my noodle and i feel so full now. i laugh all the time because i am so happy
skilled, friendly, fast,fair and professional! will definitely be my bmw go to shop! they are honest with their estimates with no hidden charges!
They were fair, honest and reasonable.  This is my new mechanic. I went to another shop where they tried to take advantage of me and tell me all kind of stuff was wrong with my car. It didnt seem right. So took my car to bmw only. Where they showed me what was wrong explained it. And did not over charge me. They will treat you and your car right. If your bmw needs repair take it there with out fear. I think that should be their slogan :).  Thank you to victor and staff at bmw only, you guys rock!!
Love this place! The tacos are fantastic, especially the Thai and Korean tacos. Went here randomly when we were looking for smoothies and it paid off. Definitely going back for more tacos.
Bosa donuts watch out. :)   Great place.  Family owned mom and pop place.  The donuts are definitely better than dunkin.   The whole family liked it.  We will be back
Friendly people and their boba's and coffee are great! Always come here every morning to get my coffee fixed!
Donuts are very stale. Smoothies are okay. Costumer service was iffy. Expected more.Place was kind of gross. Definitely go to bosa. A few miles away but worth it.
Best donut I have ever had! Nice friendly lady assisted us, donut looks great and after one bite I knew it was the best donut I had ever eaten!
Food is good but will not say is the best. I had the Hakka noodles and it was not tasty. I had also ordered a vegetable Manchurian which was very sweet and nothing similar to the Indian Chinese cooking. Hence would not recommend those. But I did like the channa bhatura.
Good food , fast !!!! I am lahri food taste kinda a guy , and this place has the correct spices to make it exactly that way. So hands down one of the better paneer sabzis I have had in Phoenix. Try paneer jalfrizi, good stuff even the mild version has the perfect flavor. Keep p the good work !!!
Specifically crafted to the level of spicy we requested.   Loved the Chana masala.  However my daughter did not like the orange chicken
Excellence upholstery service. Quick and and friendly crew. I would highly recommend this company getting ready to schedule a carpet service!
Great Service EXCELLENT JOB Michel and Patrick  Professional, Quality, Friendly, Highly recommended
Honest kind and fast!  These guys are helping me keep my 13 year old truck on the road without breaking the bank. I am very pleased with them!
Best Hawaiian food in town, recommend this place to anyone. Let's have a Hawaiian Christmas
The place is super slow for lunch but the smoothies are so good it's worth the wait. The blueberry almond smoothie is my favorite. The food options are mostly microwave heat ups, but the tacos are pretty good.
GREAT customer service!  They always know my name. I won't go anywhere else!! They have a great variety of juices. Employees are so willing to help you out and give out professional advice.
Thanks smartfilm for hookin up my ride. Great customer service and great prices. I'll make sure to refer all my friends to your business.
I eat here frequently. It's one of my favorite places! My favorite is the number 23. The prices are fair and the portion sizes are huge, and there is a huge selection of food to choose from. They have authentic Thai food that's as good my mother in law's cooking!
Love the food and the staff is awesome.  I was staying near the Stratosphere and we wanted to walk the strip.  The place is tucked away in this small casino and you don't even notice it until you stop.  The prices were super fair and was way cheaper to eat there than the Strat.
Great food  great atmosphere.  I will be back as soon as possible. very good location and plenty of parking
Great dealership with honest salesmen.  They mostly just have big trucks and SUVs, but they did have some nice audi's and bmw's.
All smiles !!!!! This place was tons of fun  danced all night long. Nice mixed crowd of people , great music, great service , nice bouncers but flirty of course haha ! Just an overall nice atmosphere for partying & then the Busta Bust was there for those who don't know I mean Busta Rhymes he was fun as well ...
Is drai's beachclub good on friday compare to let say Tao BC ?Very interested  in all your advise  ?
Very average at best. Daybeds/cabs are not necessary here, go GA and save $$$. We had a daybed reserved and it was a total waste.
Large lounge with great seating, amazing food, great hookah, and good drinks. The service is always great and they have some of the best djs in town.
Cool vibe! Loved it!! So much fun. I wish it was longer!!!!! I have lived in Vegas for 25 years. I hope more things like this open up.
Awesome food. Piled high food. Quick and fast service. I never have had a hard time ordering. I'm never upset with an order.
Awesome store, enough said. The service has gotten better, have the best authentic RDA collection.
Great food and awesome service! I had the Asian connection from the house favorites. It was spicy and delicious. Very friendly staff and nice decor inside.
Very friendly and fast service. The Americano I ordered was fresh and delicious. I mentioned that I was new to the area and trying the place for the first time. When I was given my rewards card, it already had 4/10 stamps on it! Gil himself took my order and was very friendly. I would definitely recommend this shop to anyone looking for a quick beverage on the go.
When it's busy, and they put your name on the list, watch like a hawk. Maybe photograph your name on the list. Waited the half hour we were told the wait would be... then had the same guy that wrote my name down, ask for my name to put it on the list; because it was. Not. There. Are you freaking kidding me?We have gone to Babystacks twice now, both times had a fair wait before, which we expected. What was not expected, was what I mentioned above. We walked in, were in a line of people getting their names on "The List" of people waiting for a table. The younger guy asked if we wanted a table, of course we did, so we said so. He asked how many, and for a name. We told him "2 - Chris" - His reply, "Ok, it should be 25-30 minutes," Said while he wrote down my name.Half hour later, we're sitting on the bench waiting patiently, he walks up, clipboard in hand, and again asks us, "Did you want a table? I have to put your name on the list." Blank stares.Yes, we would like a table, that's why WE GAVE YOU OUR NAME HALF HOUR AGO. He glances at the list, said we weren't on it, so we would have to go to the bottom of the list. His co-worker sensed our instant, growing anger, and said we would get the next table. Thank you, ma'am!A couple moments later, we were seated with menus. It took a little while, but our server, the same lady as our first visit, walked past, said hello and she would be right with us. Six back and forth trips later, she dropped off some water, and eventually stopped by to see if we wanted more than water, and to take our order. Now, I have been known to be hyper-logical in the past, so when reading the menu, I had a question and asked the server, who, one would think, would have at least an attempt at a satisfactory reply.My observation / question was thus:Order of Biscuits & Gravy: $6.50Order of B&G with 2 eggs: $7.50Order of B&G with sausage: $8.50Order of B&G with 2 eggs AND sausage: $10.50Why is it four dollars more to get both items, when individually, there is only a three dollar increase in price?Her response? "It might be a glitch in the menu or the computer."What?!I instead, went with another item, and tried their chicken fried steak and eggs, with hash browns, for $11.95. When the food arrived, it was a small serving of hash browns, a standard, frozen/fried CFS, and some watery fried eggs (not sure if it was water, they were very wet, and not from grease/butter/oil - or the standard egg goo).Either the gravy, or the CFS was rather... floury. Most likely the gravy. Which, by the way, was not the best gravy around. I've had better (at Carl's Jr no less), and I have had much worse (pretty much everywhere).For twelve bucks, I would have liked to feel full after the meal, or at least, satisfied. It was mediocre food overall. I may go back and try the pancakes themselves, when I am in the mood for pancakes. Otherwise, there are tastier, more inexpensive places to get a good breakfast in the morning.
I got my order to go today boy were they super friendly and fast yum yum. Everyone seems to work together so well it's great to see a business that's run like a family instead of a big corporate dragon. I'm so glad to see a place where customer service is important again
Not worth the wait not worth the food, IHOP pancakes are much much better, pancakes were not tasty and they were dry. Won't be going back here anytime soon
So good and it's fun that it's still pretty quaint. There are so many great breakfast options. Our family favorites are the Oreo pancakes and the strawberry cream pancakes, although there are many others that we really like too!
Friendly staff and some unique breakfast combinations. Flavors always pop.  The pulled pork and spam are worth a look!
Tried serving me old bread . My bun was so hard I could barely cut it with my knife.                                                      Was not happy with it and got my money back.  I won't be back to try anything else.
You can't ask for anything better!  Food great, service great, prices unbelievable! They have two full bars! They have about 70 tvs! You have your choice of eating outside. Booths, tables, high top tables.
Great place and NO smoke. Nice menu with great daily special's. Parking is also good and atmosphere is good. Just a little bit on the pricey side for what they serve other than that the food is some what good
We had a great meal for my husband's birthday! Always good food! The staff are really friendly and always around to see if you need anything else. Really love it here!!
Found two hairs in my food. So grossed out I had to leave. On top of that, they gave me the wrong dressing for my salad. The guy who took my order was on his cell phone and left the call on the counter while he took my order. Brought out my friends food 10 minutes before my order when we ordered at the same time. I will never be back.
The best of the best !!!!! My boys have been going for years .. You will love it and you will feel like family from the minute you meet:)
Ryan did a great job! The place was very clean, and the staff was friendly. Ryan worked quick, but did a fantastic job. Daniel was very happy with his haircut. The prices are fair. The location was easy to find. Definitely will return in the future.
Super fun!!! Great service, clean and a blast for kids!!!  The restaurant is fantastic too.
Don't go for the game day food. Doesn't hold a candle to Hartigans food.  Atmosphere is ok but the chicken was super dry and the bread was stale and crumbly. Close to the stadium tho which is good.
Antoine was very helpful and kind! Great place to come! I came in Friday afternoon and they could do the wax my car desperately needed in an hour.  Plus they have free bottled water! I will be back for sure!
Excellent lunch specials. crust is a little thick for my taste though. Quality  of ingredients is top notch ans they off a decent salad bar for the more health minded among us.
Kristina and kaylie are the best! Love it here, great beds. Never tan anywhere else. Friendly and very helpful.. Strongly recommend :)
Excellent food, I like the rice and beef, the service is great!!! The ambience is nice and is good for families
very good！ best Szechuan food! Like real Chinese style! Yummy!  HahahahahhahahahHhHhHhhH
This place is great. Eat here if you can. I had the veggie burrito.  Best burrito in vegas for sure.
Some really good Authentic Mexican food.  I will be back again! The carnitas plate is great. The salsa is good also. I think I will be back tomorrow to try seafood! Also Chef Paco came out to great us and bring out a complimentary flan for myself and family. The best Flan that I have ever had. We need one of these in Los Angeles.
Great food and amazing service. If Paco is there food will be the best, great chef! If you're around the strip you sold definitely give this place a try.
OMG...amazing food! Wonderful Margarita. ..so good! I'll definitely be back! Sean rocks!...ok..just got dessert...the flan is the best I've ever had...I usually don't like flan but YOWZA! Bring on the derp fried ice cream! Compliments to chef Paco!
Great food . Great drinks . Open 24hr . Great service you get what u pay for great food . Drinks are good and service is fast .
Wow!  Best Mexican we've had in a long time. We had a veggie burrito and some street tacos.   Forget what your chain Mexican food this is the real deal.    Be aware this place is tucked behind circus circus and attached to a gentlemans club.  You might want to drive here if it's dark out
Tableside guacamole, jalapeño margarita, habanero salsa, all excellent! Cool decor and the staff was fantastic. So much organic, gluten-free goodness too!
Phenomenal food and service. Chef Paco and his crew are the best at their craft. High quality ingredients. Non GMO in all their ingredients. Location is great, right next to Sapphires.
The Guac service and burritos here are phenomenal! Definitely recommending this place to my friends. Will be returning in the very near future
Best place for good organic food, talk to My boy Ralphy! I go here every morning after work, never lets me down. The corn on a cob is bomb.com!!
Food was excellent, but service was slow! Took awhile to gets drinks and bill. Server was nice.
I was super excited to try this place after reading all the reviews... And i was really excited to try tge seafood enchiladas. They have soft drinks on the menu that they dont even carry! Coke and sprite only!The kitchen was super dirty and smelled awful! Canceled our order and left!
Great food, Great service. Highly recommend. Food is fantastic. If your ever in Vegas this is the place to go and eat. :)
Great food. The ambiance is nice. Amber was a great waitress. Nice place nice people.
Chef Paco's food is so good! Tacos be gone!  They have the best customer service! Bartenders are so fun and fast ! Love coming here!
Amazing! Amazing Amazing ! Our server was awesome! Food drinks everything must try! The dessert so yummy ! Great hidden jewel! Big shout out to chef paco and our server chris!
This place is delicious and service is amazing Will be coming back again when I come to Vegas
Everything we ordered was really good. High price but big portions. Excellent service
Joaquin was awesome! Great food, great drinks and excellent service. My friend has been telling me about this place and I finally was able to visit. We had a great time. I'm going to come back with my husband.
Awesome food! Enrique was an awesome waiter and the flan is AMAZING!!! I had some of the empanadas which were delicious.  My friends and I ordered the fried ice cream, flan, and churros and all were really great.  The servers were very friendly.
Excellent service, excellent food! Reasonable and delicious! The table side guacamole is the best I've ever had.  We also had the steak bowl.  The place is all organic and GMO free - a nice bonus! To finish up - the fried ice cream - amazing!
Awesome service as always!! Staff is very friendly and helpful. Owner is very nice too.
Great atmosphere and excellent service!!!! I highly recommend the chamomile treatment!!!
Great experience! Will come back again! Clean and nice atmosphere.  My nail ladies were very kind and personable.
Great relaxing morning spent here! Worth every penny!!! Great music and it has a waterfall inside so it sounds like rain!
Very good . The stuff is very professional . It is the best place in vegas for nails. Everybody is so nice it make me come back again. Prices r good
Amazing service! Beautiful spa. You definitely feel pampered and relaxed. Would recommend this spa for an enjoyable, relaxing experience.
I love this place! so fancy, clean and relaxing!!! this is my second time here now and I brought my mom with me to try out their pearl spa pedicure!!!! very professional people and they are good with customer service!
Saw Amy today and had an awesome pedi!!!  Love this place and will return always.  Next I will be my hubby!
Lots of space and seating.  Coffee changes weekly. It's a nice location close to old town.  And the room is really open - you definitely don't feel crowded in here.
Muy sabrosos y abundantes platos a un precio razonable para su locación. El servicio es bueno y mucha amabilidad de parte de la moza y tiene WiFi gratis.
Fresh ingredients, tasty pizza. Very impressed.I never went to the old location, so I don't have a frame of reference, but the new Classic Italian gets a recommendation from me. The service was prompt, and everything tasted great. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
Owner was very nice and friendly. Best gelato in the QC. Highly recommend the strawberry flavor, it tastes like real strawberry..
Great food and great service. I will definitely come back Strongly recommend this place
great service delicious food! friendly staff :) i had the bun bo nuong, goi cuon nem, and a coconut. would definitely come back again
New favorite spot in vegas. Excellent service! Nem Nuong just as good as Brodard. Bo luc lac is delicious!  You must  try this place when in Vegas!
The roll is the best ! and the service is great. They have the real food in town my friend order something he had before and it's same!
Just stumbled upon this hidden gem. Insane happy hours and great staff! Good chance I'll be visiting here weekly if not daily.
Fast, delicious and good food!! The chicken  kabobs were amazing. They have wine which is a bonus and the patio is nice
Amazing shop I'm impressed more every time! Its like the cheers of Vape shops they know your name
Very pleasant people, great service. Quick. I am pleased. Very convenient location. Hard working people. Great team work, considering it's 110 degrees outside. This car wash was recommended by my employee and she was right on the money with this place.
Enjoyed an expertly cooked and delicious chorizo burrito today! They have a tasty new salsa at this location too.
Shrimp burger and shrimp tacos were awesome!!! Came here the first day it opened and was perfect for lunch. #firstcustomerever
This place is amazing! The owners are fantastic and the food is amazing. My picky 5 yr old loves it just as much as me...can't beat that!
OK coffee. Good service. Crap Wi-Fi.They just opened so I hope they are still working out the bugs. The cashier was very pleasant and even asked what kind of milk I wanted in my coffee (rather then assuming.) Nice. When I mentioned that the wifi wasn't working she promptly alerted her manager.  Unfortunately the manager had no idea what to do. There are two Starbucks within walking distance,  with solid wifi. Hopefully they fix this before they start losing customers to the competition. The hi-tech community around here needs their Internet as much as their latte.
Very friendly, clean and quick. I love my nails! It's exactly what I asked for, the filing is good. Paint Job is also good.
Hot summer days call for cold delicious yogurt!  Thank you to Yogurtland for opening in a great location.  It's easy to spot off of Stephanie in front of Sprouts and Total Wine.  We walked in to a clean and open area in which we were greeted immediately.  She had little sample cups ready to hand out for anyone who wanted to try the different flavors they have to offer.  Red Velvet Cupcake Batter is awesome! So I had to fill my regular cup with that.  They offer a great variety of toppings that are fresh and ready to devour.The girl, who gave us the sample cups, checked us out and told us about their membership card (which is free).  When you fill it out online, you get a free 3 oz. on your next visit.  I can't say no to that!  She was so friendly and polite.  This is a great new location and I can't wait to come back for more!
5 Stars!Love and miss you, Grass Roots. Will stop in for a Holy Alkaline soon! You really can not go wrong with any of the soups, juices, or smoothies!
Great amazing healthy delicious options.. Nice choices sushi made to order..no factory farmed meat here..fresh organic vegetables great customization..ambiance way above all walk up and order places..amazing and friendly service!  Great Prices for fresh healthy food..what more can you ask for?  Love this place!! Love the Tataki Salad and all Sushi options too!
We always order take out from here,  very convenient and tasty! Udon noodles are good very tasty  spicy sauce.  Ramen bowl is also good!
Very good,fresh, and healthy food.  Had it 2 days in a row. Try your meal carb free and still be satisfied at the end.
Always good fresh and fast! Love to make my own bowl. The yakitori peanut sauce is the bomb!
Fun little hidden spot for a great pop(sicle). Great flavours, they also sell homemade granola.
Very Newplace to grab sometbing too bite!!! People that work here are friendly. Plenty of TVs to watch sport got 2slot machine... food is great came here twice already and the fish and chips are so good.. so ifyour around the area swing by they areopen too public
OMG.  My lunch was so fresh and delicious.   Def will be back.  Check it outWe also had a delicious chocolate cake.  Locals....lots of specials
Its very nyc to eat here . The fries d awesum n d burgers also yummy. D the salted peanuts are Gr8 to munch over till d odr cums ....they r freeeee
Great find!!!! UBE ice cream soooooooo gooooooood!!!! Excellent service too!!  Ample parking... much needed addition to the area
Super yummy! Love all the ice creams and the ice cream cookie sandwich amazing!!!totally would go back and worth it
Great beer and very dog friendly!  What more could you ask for?!?!  The food trucks that are always there are a nice touch, plus occasionally they have live music.
Great beers with man's best friend!!Many craft breweries can only make 1 or 2 great beers while the others don't hit the mark. Grist house nails almost all of them. Combine this with a friendly crowd rotating food trucks and the occasional live band and you get what it one of the best bars around. Dog friendly so feel free to bring Fido with you.
This is chocolate heaven. But very pricey. There are two floors of Hershey chocolate.
Bakery items are a must. I also love the dispensing kisses!!Definitely stop by if you're a hershey's lover! They also have a lot of reeses pieces stuff! It's a super cute store. Not as big as I thought it was going to be, but definitely an awesome attraction for tourists! My boyfriend and I had a lot of fun here!
The decor is very nice and the interior is seriously a Hershey HEAVEN! Yeah I expected better BC Hershey's a pretty big company. They have a 12 in model of the statue of liberty made with twizllers and a statue made with chocolate as well. Overall experience was okay.
Salon is great. Most of the girls are friendly but all do a good job. I've been happy with every service and really like the new menu. Being able to have some wine is a plus.
Solid performance from a suburban donut shop! Plenty of different options that range from the classic to the creative.Definitely try the apple pie donut.  Enjoyed the Nutella cronut but thought the cronut itself was a little flaky and dry. Red velvet is the kiddos fav but he thinks it's strawberry. Gotta work on his taste buds but at least he's not color blind.The only thing I needed was the kolache to be hot.  Unless you ask for it warmed it'll come cold.  I should've known but in Texas they offer the heating if they don't regularly or they just do it.  Hot sausage and cheese always wins.
Love this place. Best staff. Best subs. Speedy service. 5 stars every visit. We eat here once a week. Something for everyone
Awesome Store! Shop Local! Great work at an even better cost!! If you want a gift or custom piece for your home ..Lead In The Window is the place to go!!!!
Food was mediocre and service wasn't that great. I went there after a concert for happy hour and their prices were pretty good. I definitely would have been upset if I payed full price for the small portions. It's not difficult being a waitress, but the girl who served us seemed to not get it. Every table around us was waiting on something and trying to get her attention. She'd check on one table, leave then come back for another table, making her workload seem a lot more stressful than if she would have just checked on every table at the same time. I asked her for waters for both myself and my friend and she took my glass then came back and asked my friend if she needed some. Apparently she could only do one thing at a time. Was more annoying than fun. Go to Twin Peaks around the corner instead, hot staff, better food and better service.
grade A+ service by Blair and Caitlin enough said.Caitlin was very attentive and catered to my wants respectfully. Blair was very polite and ask if need any assistance .
Over priced, nobody on the dance floor. Guinness is $11 and wasn't even cold. Drinks served in plastic cups. Didn't try food. Didn't stay around long enough for a second round.
Neat store with 40% employee discounts.The price is where it should be being a tourist spot. Great gifts to choose from and a wide variety of items to just look at and kill time.
Very good espresso. Staff is also amazingly friendly. I went the last three days in a row and will continue to go. It is nice having something other than Starbucks in the area.
New owners, new name, and a new menu. Friendly server and we enjoyed the rolls!If you were ever turned off by the previous regime, come back and give it another shot.
The ASU amd Crunch roll were delicious!  Will definitely return. We always go to other sushi bars in the area, however, when we couldn't get a spot tonight we came here.  Very nice place,  great staff. Highly recommended.
Good food and service! Wish it was closer to my house! Went because I had a groupon, had like 5 different rolls and loved them all. Mexican Ninja, Las Vegas, Crunch, Golden Cali and Shrimp Temp.
Pizza was great and so were the wings! Delivered in a timely manner and always friendly staff.
Great place. Love the service especially Aly and Kendra. Great desserts. I really enjoy going there with my family.
Great coffee and nice owner! Must recommend.Dont be fooled by an asian lady at the front with a convenience store! Must walk inside. Very cool cafe. Nice guy who recommended stuff to do around since im not from mtl.
A few weeks ago...The crispy duck leg confit was reduckulously good. I would have liked more collard greens though. They satisfied my southern side fo sho'! The pimento cheese spread atop of the Fried Green Tomatoes was a welcomed blast from my childhood past.My "date" had the cider brined pork loin which she generously shared a bite of - I felt while tasty it was a bit overdone - and a big spoonful of the brown-butter whipped sweet potatoes were so dee-lish I almost had to skip dessert. ALMOST. The coconut cake, while on the dry side, was nicely held together by the luscious coconut pudding. Thankfully, we opted to add a la mode. No regrets!Definitely a good idea to make a reservation and get dropped off. Parking is ridiculous.
We had a nice brunch here. Mmm, beignets. Beautiful interior. Everyone was satisfied with their meal (eggs Benedict, po boy, trout salad).
Chron Jon!!!  Super fast and friendly service. A+Way better then anywhere else around! Must say way to make my day!
Clean install, good professional work, these guys know customization. They installed a new GPS and headrest monitors. Quick and professional. Price was reasonable.
Worst customer service ever!!!!  Why can't a fast food establishment teach good customer service or fire the holes that give them a bad rep.  I will never go back to this location!!!
Outstanding BBQ!!! We had the Brisket Moist the best way to go, pork loin, PRIME RIB OUTSTANDING, sausage link, Potatoe salad, and banana pudding. The Prime Rib is by far the best. Everything was perfectly cooked and just like the original stores in Texas.  Only complaint is with the people slicing the meat. it is very inconsistent in thickness. The same slice is 1/2 thick to paper thin. This BBQ should be thicker slices 1/4 to 1/2 is fine. Also when a pound of meat takes three tries to get to a pound is horrible and slows down the line. we ended up ordering 5 lbs of meat and it took 13 tries to end up with the right amount of food per type ordered.Keep in mind this is a buy it by the pound BBQ joint. Lots of meat choices. Lots of excellent cold sides. Plenty of choices for everyone.  Also Lean is low fat so it can be dry. Moist is fatty but extra flavorful and far from dry. The prime rib is excellent
So delicious!!  You could taste the smoke on the meat!  We tried the brisket, baby back and pork ribs.
Gr8 place .. Samosa awesme.. Same fr egg puff... Dahi batata puri one shd try definitely
Dale is exceptionally knowledgeable and extremely helpful!! I called him to inquire about his services to assist me with the software on an old CDMA iPhone and he went above and beyond to help me. He could have just told me to bring it in and charged me, but instead he guided me to the correct place and he didn't make a dime for that. There are still honest businessman out there! Thanks Dale!
Fast, efficient, and knowledgeable. Great rates.  Enter from the chevron gas station as you cant turn left from el mirage rd.
Reasonable fast service :) would recommend to all in their cell needs. Friendly workers, convenient location. Great place to wait for ur phone as tons of booths to keep you occupied. Hopefully I personally do not have to come back soon lol but would recommend!!!!!
Great place great prices highly  recommend. Been here twice great customer  service. Andre is very helpful and does excellent  work
Great service.... Very professional... Friendly... Would recommend to have your phone services...
Greet service really cool dude I recommend this to anyone , and love the great costomer service
Jacks Warehouse was awesome!! Great furniture, great prices. And JD was incredible! Great customer service. Very friendly. He's an awesome salesman. We will be back soon. Great deals
Best seafood ever jackpot was the best , very good birthday date in along time..service was awesome, atmosphere ok , but very pleasant
Very poor service .. Everybody was least interested.we went on Halloween night so maybe folks were not in the mood to serve! Starting from the host at the  entrance to the food quality was bad. The food was greasy and awful. Maybe for the ambience I would give this 2 star otherwise its 1 star
Sour clam chowder. Sour clam chowder. Would not eat here ever again. Sour. Sour. Sour. (Yelp wouldn't let me post this review unless I write enough. Point's made.)
Has had good food in past but looks like some changes made. Will let you know. Ok letting you know. Something's changed so took my 4 stars to 3 for now
Short: Awesome fades, finished off with a classic hot lather and straight edge razor shave.Long: This is a classic New York style barber shop run by a nice Russian man who moved here from New York. He has been cutting hair forever and definitely knows what he is doing. I got another haircut since the last time I saw him and he asked where I went because he knew it was not his work. He is truly a hair artist. I have somewhat of a faux hawk style with a very short high fade (about a 1). The fade is always perfect, not crooked or with any visible lines. He can line up (edge up) with the best of them with the straight razor and gets my sideburns pointed perfectly. He is very quick, but definitely does not sacrifice perfection. I'll keep coming back as long as I work on this side of town!
Excellent everything was great from the abvionce, food wine waiters definetly will be returning  truly a fabulous experience .
Great food. Must get the stuffed mushrooms!  Got the chicken piccata. Loved it.  Will be back again.
My kids love this place. Rain or shine we go. Toys for kids all ages from 0 months and up. We will visit again and recommend this place to all families.
Custome service sucks! They talk in there language and about you. When you say your not happy about something they don't  try to fix it.
Interior design is bomb dot com! I love the lobby and the rooms. The new feel is much more of the "boutique" they were going for.
Great coffee; Great service; I had the cold brew to go and it's perfect!This was perfectly refreshing to walk main street to shop for some good ol things; although some spots don't allow drinks in their stores... so I chose to keep walking. I'm not leaving this cup of coffee behind anywhere except into my mouth and into my belly
So glad we found this place!! Great food and coffee! I had the el paisa arepa the sweet plantain was so good we also tried the sliders and they were really good also. Definitely going back! Coffee stop!
Great owners Tons of choicesWhenever I can I choose this for lunch/meal replacement. The smoothies and Juices are great. Better and healthier then Jamba or Tropical. TONS OF SUPPLEMENTS TOO
Love their smoothies and very clean!! The owners are super nice too!! The employees are nice and answer any questions you have!
The best food truck in Las Vegas hands down!!! If you love cheese, who doesn't love cheese, then these guys have something for you. The Mac-n-cheeze egg rolls are insanely good!!!
By far the best pupusas on the west side. Each one ranges from 1.80 to 2 buck's. The staff is super friendly also. The only thing I don't like is they charge a dollar to run debit.
Great service!! Food was delicious! Would definitely eat here again. Mangers were awesome, he explained the entire menu and not once did I feel as if he was rushing me. Their food is made to order, so there will be a bit of a wait, but you won't be disappointed. The panbazo was awesome!!
Yassssss, SKINNYFATS in my neighborhood. So damn good. Nom nom nom. Outdoor seating arrived just in time for the excellent weather we will be having shortly. Beautiful atmosphere & delicious food.
Awesome place I'll just keep coming back and I bring my cup with me too.For the most part I've been living happy. I've tried the bomb diggity and it's exactly how it's said. The chix on Broadway with avacado and bacon is a must.Bring your cup don't be ashamed.
Still love this place. My new favorite is the "nice to Greek you". Seating is limited but the coziness really makes it great. My husband is a fan of the merica.
It's Great food but a little bit expensive but it worst it I love it and every one that I send there
Still love this place. My new favorite is the "nice to Greek you".This time I called my order ahead of time so it was ready when I walked in. Just had to wait a while to pay :(
Just dang good!!! Can't go wrong with ANYTHING!!!This should be your "go to place" when it comes to feeding both sides of the scale!!!!!
This place was so good. If I could GI e it a 1000000000 stars I would. The food fries were so good.  I would recommend the truffle fries or the red velvet berry waffle.
Just love this place! For those who love ahi tuna, their TeriyAHI is amazingly delicious especially if you add avocados and jalapeños. It's a must try!!! Usually I never could finish my sandwich, but with this, I totally "devoured" it.
Watered down ciroc shots....f this place they would not a serve me after accusing them of doing so!
Great food nice neighborhood atmosphere. Service was good. Nice people. Green curry was sublime.  Yellow was almost as good.
Fucked over on first ride free. Credit card charged $13.88 anyway. Fuck Lyft. If it sounds too good to be true it probably is
Use uber, they don't charge a $25 fee if you have to cancel, never using again. Ordered and then couldn't use, total that was going to be $10, no way to get money back, cheap company
Always my go to for my limo services needs. Great service and professional drivers. If you are looking for a night on the town or need a limo for your child's prom I highly recommend Limoz.
Love her! She's amazing, the gel she uses actually lasts! She's always open to try any designs(:
Amazing food. Love this place. The staff also rocks. Must go back to try everything else on the menu.
Awesome place. Go there. Worth. All the food is amazing. Cocktails are great. The vibe is the best part.
This place is awesome! The food is so innovative and atmosphere is super cool.  The service is outstanding, it really adds to the Las Vegas downtown experience.
Small portions, huge taste.  The killer shrimp was fantastic!  Best to go with a group and share appetizers.  Highly recommended.
I went to my car registration , big queue. Bit slow process, but the employees are very friendly, helpful
Pretty nice, hidden tiki spot, it's cool to drink out of pineapples and talk to french women. The only downside is each pineapple Is 22....then again..Canadian
GREAT haircut. However VERY unprofessional... Not a very "family/women" friendly.  This is a good old fashion Barber Shop. A guy's place to get a good haircut just don't bring your wife or kids.
Great shop good atmosphere. The barbers were nice and upbeat with good convo. Also shaped my beard for free since I was a first time customer cuts are reasonably priced at about $18.
Better than Filli's or Armandos. That's all I can really say. It's definitely not four/five stars tho. The staff is nice. It would be better if they had good salsa. Theirs is watery and... just not very good.
Always great food. My go to mexican food in Tempe/Phoenix. Quality food and always a great price. Highly recomended!
So amazing!!  Try the strawberry creation!  It is absolutely divine!  Love that they are open til 1am everyday as well!
Mango Sensation!! This yummy, delicious dessert speaks for itself. A definite must try!!
Yum, yum food ! You gotta try this place.  Meat is tender. Oh so good. go to 19th ave and northern for some great steak sandwich. Personal is friendly and fast.
Awesome service honest and helpful added bonus Wonderful product.Couldn't ask for a better team, by pass the other guys these people are the bomb.
These guys have Looper!!!! They have a boat load of drippers. Every kind of juice. Cuttwood, Ben Johnsons, Ripe Vapes, ANML, Cloud 8, Soace Jam, Five Pawns. Just an awesome awesome.
Amazing people. I would never think about going to anyone else other then Dr Loud. From the minute you walk in the door you feel like your a guest in someone's home. You are greeted and processed through in a timely manner. They are also very flexible with my awful schedule.
Lewis and Vickie went above and beyond to help us it what we wanted. Our credit limit was not all that great,  but they helped us until it was closing time to get us a great deal. They truly put sweat and tears out. They were awesome!
They have great prices here. It's a bit of a mans' world in here. Lots of great selection and will cut your boards down to size. Next door is the machinery shop too!
Everything is bomb!!!!!! Great service ! great food!I had the camarones  al veneno...absolutely  scrumptious!  My girlfriend had camarones al mojo de ajo - so delicious -great flavor!  The Micheladas - estillo - aguas chile ----------- loved it !
Great food, prices are very decent for a seafood place. Awesome spot!!!! They have smoothies that they serve right from the fruit, different flavor that your traditional Mexican seafood, and I love the preparadas (of course) try the empanadas. And the camarones al puerto very lemony and citrusy taste lots of flavor.
Looks pretty good so far. About Copps prices. Fresh rack of lamb in the butcher's case.Been back several times now, and I am impressed with the quality of their products.  Hopefully, they will not decline like HyVee has.We've had their rack of lamb 2 or 3 times now, and it's delicious.  Steaks are great.  They have both Prime, and grass fed available, as well as choice.Their Pub Burgers are excellent.  The in-house made brats, not so much.  Not bad, just not great.Got a Ciabatta loaf from them, and it was crusty and delicious.All in all, I'm a fan!
SumoMaya is our new favorite place. We have been there twice now and have had the best service, and food we have had in a long time! The summer corn, edamame, Korean beef tacos and Pad Thai are to die for. Chef Herb Wilson personally came to our table to make sure our meal was perfect. When you go in make sure you ask for Austin, he was the best server. He is very attentive and makes amazing recommendations based on what you like. We can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu. A+++
JENNIFER is the best!!!  The food is good too.  Sushi is delicious. Must try.  The guacamole is delicious as well.
Hands down fantastic. Great happy hour and great food. We had the peppers, Korean tacos, and spicy tuna.
Swanky. Cool. Fun. Yum !  Great drinks too!Happy hour is the best in town! It's a chance to try the unique menu !  Not to mention their  fabulous brunch !  Great indoor outdoor architecture. The best date night location!
Meh. Awkward menu. Fun environment. Great for cocktails!If you go for JUST cocktails, you will be happy.
Great new spot with great prices. Can't go wrong with chicken or a burger. I recommend to everyone.
Not bad... Just stay with the normal burgers, you will be happy. Fries always fresh.Can be a little salty for some reason.
Dr. Rene Anikwue, is a good doctor.  Very knowledgeable.  I would recommend this doctor to anyone.
Delicious and friendly.   GreatService and great Thai food.   Perfect for take out and they will make special orders with a smile.    I come here about once a week.
Awesome show! Great variety and fun set list. From classical to Blues, Rock and Jazz, we had a fun night in the intimate Shimmer Showroom
Outstanding  service and fees!  Leonard is very knowledgeable and thorough but he and the shop went great lengths to keep it affordable with quality.
Burgers are very good :) The place is nice and the service was great!Exceeded expectations, really don't know why some people only rated 2 stars.
Great lunch spot. Easy to get to and fast service. Food was very very good, taco's are slamming.
What everyone else said. They forgot to assign us a server, so we waited awhile before being greeted. The food was less than mediocre. All staff was very friendly, but they aren't the ones making the blah food.
This place sucks! Horrible service, low grade bar food. The manager is a moron. They do not have an atmosphere that I care for. They are the most disrespectful people I have ever met. I had my 88 year old dad with me and they had no common courtesy! I do not want to get into specifics because I will not write stuff like that. Just know I never write bad reviews.
Like always .. Great Service and Food .. Cant go wrong with this place...The place was full but the wait wasnt bad.
Awesome fresh strawberries and cream and the owner was so sweet. It's in a corner in the plaza and with the drive.
Staff is super friendly and helpful. They have a great variety to choose from. I got the pina loca and it was huge. Very delicious. You gotta try this place out.
Nice place but a bit expensive..The burgers are served without any sides. 12£ only for the burger is really expensive.
Authentic and amazing hidden gem. Love the platters with plantains and a pastry for desert!
BEST. PLACE. EVER! A must place to go in downtown Phoenix. The staff members are some of the nicest people around in Arizona. They really care about wellness and making their customers happy. The staff members will ask you how your day is going and make sure you are getting the best possible service around!
Yawn over priced. I had carne asada tacos and flautas. All greasy all bad. Menu was very confusing. All designed to up sale you to death. Our order for three people to eat was 50 dollars way to much for what it was. I would not go back.
Best. Marty was always responsive. Food was delicious. Ambience Perf. Spoke to manager to let her know exceptional service.
We had a wonderful lunch experience here. Great food and good service！If you love Japanese food, this is a right place for you. We'll definitely come back for the dinner next time！
On time, fast, and professional!!! I absolutely LOVED mine and my MOHs hair!!! The curls in my hair stayed in all night! They did my make up exactly how I wanted it. Loved my MOHs hair with the side curls and twists in the back. I highly recommend!!
Good food good times! Service was great. The sauce broke in my dish and without asking our server noticed it and promptly replaced it. The ceviches are out of this world! The mixto and langone were our faves. The Don Julio blanco was poured generously and margaritas were tasty!
Beau concept, nourriture très agréable :)Bel endroit pour manger entre amis à bon prix.
Excelent value for money. Great service, good food and nice ambiance.We ordered a hamburger, a salad and, a tempura. We liked all three dishes.The food took a while but they warned us as we sitted that the kitchen was slow.
Great spot! Very unique, a ton of beer on tap. Food was phenomenal, a must.  Service was great, very helpful and friendly.
Great local place!  Good food, service and atmosphere!!  Have been there three times and have never been disappointed.  Owners are so friendly like eating a family dinner:)
Love this place great meds awsome medication awsome enviorment everyine is always smiling I really enjoy all of there oils and I think they have the best prerolls in town and Its awsome how late they stay open and they always have great servise
I love coming here. Good food and just a great place to kick it with your friends. Also the bartenders and wait staff are really cool. Next time I'm coming here with a cigar.
Best place to go for drinks and gaming in Southern Highlands hands down! Good crowd for young singles in the area. The food is amazing too! I had the cure burger on my first visit and it was fantastic!
Aj was the absolute best. So nice and very good service The vibe of the bar is really chill, love playing pool there
Horrible food service was rude. Never again.They should be ashamed of themselves. Disgusting. Go to BJ's food is better and service is great. This place sucks.
Buffalo chicken was excellent!  Taco was great and the kids had the mammas. Outside seating was perfect on such a nice day.
We need a MACS in the northwest suburbs of Chicago!!!  How about Hoffman Estates?  Love the Mac and cheese variety there and we've driven out of our way to go there!
Great service, clean place, I'll be back. Thumbs up to Christy and Cindy.  So worth it.
Excellent job!!!! Will by go to no one else!!!!!  Great communication n extremely patient!!
Great service!  Neat nighttime atmosphere.  I was a little disappointed the menu did not have more traditional Italian American choices.  And it felt a little overpriced to me for the lack of selection.
Love $1 days!!! Love the staff and selection!!! Perfect place for us!! The store is more accustomed toward women and young girls, but they have a nice selection in the back for boys and men!
Legit!! Go here..now! Nuff said. No seriously this place is amazing! Friendly staff, good prices and down right gourmet food. Atmosphere was nice and great music at the right volume playing in the background. This was our first visit and normally I don't right a review based on a single visit but yhis place really impressed me. Support local businesses and keep this place going!!!You will not be disappointed.
Food was great. Service was truly poor. Wine glasses were dirty.  Kinda disappointed. Won't be going back.
Absolutely yummy breakfast!  Quiche and biscuits and gravy...not only great but pretty presentation. Quiet little spot in the middle of a desert.
The staff is very helpful and patient. They explain the procedure in detail before they begin and make you feel comfortable.
The pineapple float was delicious. Fast and good service. The soft serve by itself was good, not as good as the one from Disney but it does the work.  We also tried the strawberry and mango soft serve those have good flavors too. It's awesome that we have this place nearby . Definitely will be back for another float!
greatest burgers on the planet. .. really lean. .. an athlete's dream! if you're really hungry get the signature elk burger :)
I really like this place. Great food quality and service. The people here really know how to put a good menu together and still be healthy.
Never got to try the food .Staff was rude won't get my business. Went in another time after the gym because my buddy wanted to try it . We ended up leaving because they did the same thing to him. They need to work ok customer service skills.
Best Italian in Scottsdale mountain. Great staff, great food and amazing new place. I highly recommend the ribeye and the scallops.
Get the chocolate Cronut!!Dropped by a couple times to pick up doughnuts for my family and friends. Their service is good (friendly staff) and their doughnuts are just out of this world. The calories are so worth it.lol My favorite picks from here would have to be the blueberry cronut  (croissant doughnut) or the cheesecake doughnut. Yay for Pinkbox.
Great Donuts. I love the cronuts especially the blueberry and maple glaze. I go here multiple times a month.
Love their apple fritters. And all her donuts seem to be high quality. They have unique donuts. Some are gourmet  and some more regular. They all were fresh and none for leftovers.
Very yummy been there twice now and have been happy with my orders.  I got the burrito de lengua the first time and the enchilada combo plate the second.  It's not a home made version but the restaurant version. It's pretty decent I would certainly go back to try the rest of the menu as well I gave it 4 stars instead of three because I'm extremely picky on the rice. If it does not taste good I won't even bother with the rest if the menu. This rice however was very good! Good texture good quality good flavor! I'm excited to try the rest if the dishes.
Getting my citrus pedicure with Mandy.. Great place & service to relax.. Love my pedi & will try lashes next.. Thank you
Friendly staff and clean modern fun environment. Great specials too! Nick is a great conversationalist and offered great tips for sight seeing since we're visiting from Chicago.
Mandy is awesome! Super cute salon & pretty fast. They make their own products & they all smell really good. Came to get acrylic off & Mandy took her time, I'll be coming here again
Nick is the bomb. Everyone is really friendly. Totally coming back for my fill in 3 weeks.
Best Salon Ever!! Shantel is an amazing Nail Artist!! Love her!!! Had my first mani and pedi from there and i will never go to another salon again. The staff is friendly and amazing and the massage chairs are the best!!!
I got my lashes done here I give 5 stars! I will be back, My lashes are full, D did a great job!
Best lashes in town! Friendly staff and always great customer service! A girl deserves to get pampered! I also come here for my nails and always leave pleased! Shantel does amazing designs!
Beautiful place! Friendly staff amazing customer service! Love love loved it! Hannah is amazing funny nice sweet and made the experience a lot more welcoming than any other place I've been to, ever! Just recently moved to Vegas and it's always hard to find a good nail place but I definitely hit the jack pot with my first attempt! Won't be going anywhere else :) ... Big shout out to my friend Melissa for setting up the appointment for my birthday present love it here!
Hannah was awesome,  lots of options and a great staff, had the floral pedi, all lotions made in house. Cool stuff and close to Southwest
Asia was awesome my new nail techShe did my nails today the look beautifulThe place is nice and cozy, reasonable price .The eyebrow chairs are so comfortable and the staff were very nice My new spot
Best buffet in Charlotte . I think the food worth every your penny. The soup was greats
Love this place. Cool people and great sandwiches. Capastromi is hands-down the best sub ever made.
Great food and very friendly staff. Highly recommended this spot if you're craving Vietnamese.
The bun bo hue is good af.  I know bc I'm viet.  Their menu is extensive so you get a full range of tastes that fit any palate.  Vegan friendly bc my nerd sister is a vegan. She ordered the springs rolls with no meat. Lol. I'll be back fo sho.
Awesome!  Affordable!  Thank you!  He thoroughly checked out my Maytag dryer that had no heat.  Even went under the porch to make sure it was blowing out correctly.  Turns out it just needed to be reset & plugged back in
I got my toes done and it was a good price and got me in right away. Very nice people
The carne asada street tacos are well seasoned and delicious. Highly recommended.Workers are quick but too busy to wipe down the tables.
Plus d'une heure et demie pour la livraison! Nous sommes à 3 minutes de route du restaurant et moins même... Décevant.
Good food. Good service. And reasonable price.Nancy was a great server. Didnt bug too much but got us what we needed. Their meat selection is great. And for dessert I had some ice cream. Love their pistachio one. Also if you have the players card, you get a dollar off. We checked what promotion they had going on with the players card on their kiosk..and got a 2 for 1 entry.
Great service when I had an issue fast and courteousAlex worked on a fix and then gave me. New drone
Great food I stopped there one night after work and the food was great .sesame. Chicken . Bowel
This place is soooo good.Very friendly people and awesome desserts...we love all the different items ...Always so fresh....
The Oreo truffles are out of this world.  I went in just to see what they had and brought these gems home. My family raved! I went the next day to take to some clients. Raves all around. It's what I take now to every meeting to leave a little gift. It's a winner. I've also had their oatmeal raisin cookies, which are terrific and the lemon bars. Very nice staff, and a nice clean and well presented store. My only complaint is that they need an espresso machine. If that happened, then I'd hang there most mornings.  Come on girls; call Illy or Sagafredo!  Café is needed and your biz will double!
You have a special of "fish and chips" and NO Malt Vinegar... What??? However the homemade chips are very good.. service is a bit lacks..  overall good dive bar but needs a good cook!!! And a staff that knows what malt vinegar is???
I love this place! Excellent customer service with skills! I gave them the benefit of a doubt and was very impressed!  Lindsey, I don't know what you're talking about. This place is worth the money.
This place oozes style and sophistication. Beautiful space and terrace. Pablo the house DJ made our night with some classic hard core Soul/R&B/Reggae/Funk music mix and is killing it (Ray Charles, James Brown, Bob Marley, Chaka Khan, Aretha Franklin, BB King...Aaaagh,) excellent.  He will also move into more current stuff as the night moves on and the crowd changes. Stephen our server was one of the most pleasant and charming people we encountered in our trip. Oysters Rockefeller on a bed of hot stones was excellent as were the fish tacos.  Strong drinks.  The outdoor terrace,  just opened, I would argue is one of the best in the city. Casual but stylish crowd. This place is the real deal. Come one come all!
Great place. Nice interior and good staff.  The food was pretty good and they have good drinks. Not much more you can ask of a bar.
Love the check in. Great place for groups after work. The food is good to! The staff is friendly and nice. Great prices on mixed drinks for happy hour. So of the best in old town.
For the few rides they have it not worth the price the wave pool had junk in it like band aids and food wrapper in it the clean place in there was the bathroom
Free on mothers day! !! Nice loved it.. great for the kids.. military discount for the whole fam..
Love this place my son has me there almost every single day. The staff is great! the wait times for the slides are not usually bad. the staff are all kind and professional.
Awesome customer service!  Definitely will be returning :) has a small cafe and very well kept. Employees are always working hard.
Awesome burgers and the rosemary fries are unique. The service is friendly and quick.
Fantastic burger and fries. Nutter butter shake is a must!! Don't listen to the whinny people who are incapable of being adults.
Great customer service!! And the sauces and wings....on point!! Had the tequila lime and the DC famous mumbo. Definitely going back to try the rest of the flavors. The house dressing is real good too!! Gracias Armando!!
First time. Great customer service and food. Love the lemon pepper wings. It's in a cosy, lil food court.
Very fresh tasting, and light portions. I don't worry about vegan or gluten-free but they are respected for just that
Excelente!!! La comida increíble, el lugar muy limpio , buenas opciones , súper sano, servicio agradable , buena ubicación , buen estacionamiento
Fast, healthy, affordable, delicious! I'm addicted. The people are friendly and it's all so fresh. Parking is easy. They do breakfast, lunch & dinner. It is a must try!
I'm updating my review due to a recent experience. My husband picked me up a pide for lunch and it was not good at all, the flavors were completely off and it was a mess. I called the store a couple hours later and told them what happened and they offered to make me a new one when I got off work. When I arrived the owner was very apologetic and kind. When he saw the pide I brought back he was very disappointed and said he would talk to his staff about it. Great customer service ! Thank you ! The BBQ chicken pide which is similar to a flat bread was much better this time and provided two meals because it's that big and filing. I still don't think their food is "healthy" but they are convenient and items are made to order. Try not to go during peak lunch and dinner times and the wait is about 15 minutes.
The Turkey Sandwich will change yo life! Aside from changing your life; contrary to popular belief, this place does not hate McDonalds or other fast food chains, on the contrary, they love them. Why? It's because of those establishments common consistency of serving less quality entrées; that's what gives Presto Cafe the opportunity to provide QUALITY over the ubiquitous mundane food choices in this area thus Presto Cafe provides what Ray Kroc referred to as the uncommon consistency of quality often lost in today's busy chain restaurants. When you want to return to a restaurant with healthy, substance, Quality, consistency and personal service, You would be foolish to not stop in and relax with the great folks @ Presto Cafe while they serve you an entrée that will change yo life!
Great service and delicious food! A must try! The Chicken Kabobs are marinated to perfection! The tea comes in a Turkish tea cup with cute lil sugar cubes and the dessert is by far something I've never had but oh so delicious! If you wanna to try authentic Mediterranean food this here is the place! Food is made with passion and you can taste the quality.
Great place, loved the food, excellent prices, and huge portions! The baklava is to die for! Totally loved the cup of tea that came with it. Nice touch!!!
We had really good time . Food , drinks, music all were perfect for price. We had shish kebab,  salads,  kunefe all were delicious.  Service was great. Higley suggested.
They play music during football and its bright....not sure what the deal is but having the commentators on AND music is a weird conflict.
They play music during football and its bright....not sure what the deal is but having the commentators on AND music is a weird conflict. Bartenders boyfriends hang at the bars so be prepared for a stare down or shit talking if you flirt or are overly nice with the bartenders. I would shy away...
greasy greasy greasy funnel cakeburnt pieces and grease i can't believe people eat here if you want a heart attack go to the piggy place
We love Woof Gang Bakery treats!!! Best treats and welcoming staff in town, great locations!
Best treats in Las Vegas! My dog goes crazy for every time I come home with them. They don't upset her stomach and they smell good even in the bag! Easy to get to location from work. :] and the customer service is amazing.
Nice, friendly atmosphere! Nana did an excellent job with my gelish manicure. They also have a nice point system for every dollar spent and 20% off mani/pedi for birthdays.
Awesome groomer My dog Vex did awesome with VAL highly recommended she was actually early for the appointment which was very nice and she always keeps in great contact with you and keeps you updated with any changes in the schedule for your appointment VAL is just incredible
Had such a great time!  Cast was great! Lots of laughs! Family friendly.  Very entertaining since your not stuck in a theater and get ti be pay off the excite ment.
Jen's the best! Good food, Good Drink,,anything else would be uncivilized...Hot machines,, good music,, great service!
Noodles bomb! Service bomb! Try the shaved ice it's the best thing ever! They make their own noodles which is really awesome. I had a great dining experience.
Food horrible, expensive and spicy.We are 40 year residents and this place is not very good.
Love this place- I come to see Kayla, she's the best they have!!! She always tells me what's good and I eat whatever she recommends, never let down.
The best people and staff, great a/c service, ask for Corey, he is the best guy to have.
Not worth the detour.... You can eat better at home. The best part of the meal was the beer.
Best Mexican food in MontrealIt's a little pricey but definitely worth it. I recommend the carnitas tacos
Love Jenny! She is does great nails. All gel so no fumes Awesome designs Her nails last She is very efficient and flexibleSuper cute roomVery private and comfortable Gel pedicures are amazing Follow her Instagram for design ideasShe can pretty much do anything :) Text her for an appt! And refer your friends for a discount
Tostitos salsa was very cold and it was kind of slow to be Saturday. No alcohol, too much light and not that good customer service.
Great service worked with me in every manner that I needed I highly recommend.#sleepsavings
Great customer service ! Thank you ! We got a great price and a great deal James is amazing
Great  customer service. Investigated other frame options for me also.my phone did not allow me to download Yelp, so I used Martins.
Vincent was great to work with! Got a great mattress and great price! Made the process very easy and painless.
Great pizza, good prices. Atmosphere inside is authentic and it shows. People are friendly. Place is clean and tidy. Pizza is cooked in a timely fashion and to perfection.
I love the plain cheese pizza!!! Just like in NY City. Great deals too. Friendly staff. Love the Yankees memorabilia. So far the best for me.
awesome food awesome people!!!!! loved the great customer service, greeted me as soon as I came in. good didn't take long. tasted great!!! recommend to all.
Great pizza, great service, great prices! Quick service, convenient to North Summerlin,  Desert Shores, etc....
Excellent Mexican Kosher Food. Good prices! I can recommend also the Pizze as well as the gsrlic bread (delicious!)
Love this pizza! Mozzarella they use is high quality and is so delicious.My kids prefer this pizza over dominos.
Excellent service reliable company came to my rescue in a time of need. I would recommend this company to my best friend and all my family.
Ammmmaaaazzzziiinnnggg! I don't even like breaded or fried anything but this place has got me hooked! The scallops are so delicious...in fact everything is SO delicious and the staff is super friendly. Try it..you wont regret it! And if you do, it's cause you have poor taste in food!
AMAZING eat at least 1 a week. fresh and awesome.  my tastebuds are dancing.The fish is so tasty and so clean tasting. No old oil ever used....staff are all fantastic
Great wings! Tender, saucy! Service was great too! This is a cozy, down to earth resturant! #notjustahambergerjoint
Love this place. Will be back for sure! Had the chicken and waffles amazing! First time here. Great menu.
This place has amazing handmade chocolates. So good. I am blown away by the choices. Make sure to taste the almond clusters and the signature creations.
Chocolates are so yummy !!!  Kids loved them :)  will definitely go back. Located in container park
The chocolate  is so yummy, wonderful customer service. We will be back for more for gifts this holiday season.
The best technique of nail arts in Las Vegas！Special ，good quality，and good skills！I have been there many times and each time can get what I want on my nails！This nail salon is highly recommened！！
Great place to have your nails done!!! Eva is very professional and she knows all the stuff about your nails!
The best technique of nail arts in Las Vegas！Special ，good quality，and good skills！I have been there many times and each time can get what I want on my nails！This nail salon is highly recommened！！
Very caring staff. Meds were cheaper than taking script to a pharmacy. Just opened so the wait was short.
Great food! The long hair guy makes the best subs! They're always so friendly! And they have such good deli meat. Nothing cheap like subway. Get the Cali Club!
We love this place! My husband and I have been 2 days in a row. We love that you can add as many toppings as you want for one set price. And the lemonade is seriously to die for!! Everyone was so friendly and awesome. We have found our new favorite pizza joint!!
Great place awesome staff. Made me feel like a kid in a candy shop! Amazing how you can add anything you want for one price!! I almost felt like I was stealing all the toppings!! Also they have great gluten free crust!
Best pizza. Best staff. The manager really made my sisters birthday party fun.I would suggest the bbq pizza. Delish
Very good pizza. Not as good as punch pizza in mn but similar style. Pretty fresh ingredients, but I might like to see more options- prosciutto, fresh arugala....
Very authentic Mexican food!!! I love the pozole. Best place to cure a hangover with the menudo or pozole
Good food and great service! Guacamole and chicken were awesome! Highly recommend in the northwest valley
Good food for a very reasonable price. Close to the baseball stadium and not nearly as crowded as the other restaurants.
I meant for this to be a review *originally tip* This place is so awesome! My fiancé and I have gone several times and each time, the food has been fresh, flavorful, and delicious. The venue is very clean and it's located in the heart of Charlotte, just outside of Romare Bearden Park. The man who runs the place shows a clear passion for what he does and all of the staff are friendly and generous. Definitely recommend it as the best restaurant to get pho anywhere in Charlotte, and it's the perfect spot for a date!
The food here is so authentic and good. I am very pleased with the service and food. I will return once I move here from Orlando. ...............................
Great beer and really tasty foodThe brownies are awesome tooBe sure to come back often as the flavors change
Quality food and microbrews! You may come for the beer, but you will stay for the food. Candied sriracha bacon, fusion street tacos, and more. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about both the food and beer. Next time I'm in AZ, I will definitely go back!
Beer and food that are both very tasty! What more need I say? Only one complaint...,no lunch menu is served on weekends until 2? I wasn't looking for breakfast at noon on a Saturday, and pancakes and beer just did not do it for me.nice that they offer breakfast, but should maybe consider opening up lunch as well.
It's a cool place with great craft beers and the food is amazing! Not to mention the staff is great and they know their beers.
All around the best massage I have ever had! Very personable and professional. Great, great, great! I couldn't be more pleased with Luke's services.
I miss the greek express this place is nice but no worth the 4.00 more charge. Very nice remodel, but gone is the friendly service this place has an identity problem it wants to be a restaurant, but with all the TV's is trying to be a sports bar which it is not and will never will be. I will not be going back.
Great food, good portions, love this place pulled pork was great wife had ribs even better you have to try this place out
Healthy yes. Tasty meh. Small portions. Ate my whole sandwich in about 5 bites. Big bonus though for being 24 hours.
Come early, covers up fast on weekends.Just open a few weeks -- with basically none of the food court open, with the exception of a couple Asian fronts -- this is a well-conceived "outlet" mall with a couple actual outlet bargain bins. The Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH is certainly a bargain hunters spot, as is the Brooks Brothers, if you sure of what you are looking for and at what price. Max digging is somewhat weather dependent as only about two-thirds of this open-air mall is covered completely from rain, etc. But once it and the adjacent parcels are fully built-out, could be quite the draw.
Cool vibe.  Love the decor.  Ala carte menu.  Don't particularly like that it's not open for dinner/drinks but i understand the concept.
This place hides so much when are they gonna have a turn around? Come on.. Parking sucks. Nobody knows the correct information on where to go. I get lead around in a circle. To be honest i rather use an outside doctor at least i get the help i need instead of being scheduled to see a doctor twice a year when i have a heart problem..
I love all the people there, great chicken salad! I'll be back for sure. It was a relaxed atmosphere,  awesome place for a casual bite..
This place has delish food. The service is fast and food is made to order. The prices are fair. They also deliver. Their delivery is fast too. My food was delivered 30 min after I had placed the order.
Love their ice coffee here! The customer service is the best at this location!  Thank you for the delicious donut and my ice coffee (pumpkin)
Fantastic bar with well chosen liquors and expert bartenders. Pinto and crew will craft your cocktail to fit your mood. And if you are in the mood to learn about your libation, this is the place.
Great burgers. We ordered the Farmer Boy and The Natural. The onion rings are HUGE. Will be back for more.
Good burgers and really good fish and chips. Try the zucchini sticks. Mmmm. Breakfast is good as well.
Timely, courteous, and reasonably priced.  I dropped off a vest and kilt that needed to be brought in.  The work was very efficient and the clothes fit now.
Great, fast, friendly service. Would use them again.  Technician was polite and courteous. I will tell my friends to use them in the future.
The food is amaizing! Love it! The food came out fast and the service was great... I will definitely be going back. The kids meal is so good my so loved the chicken and rice.
Bigger place than Monta ramen. Spicy ramen delicios. My wife get tonkatsu ramen.takoyaki so yummy too
umm let me see here....this was a last minute choice and i still think of this place being that old Taco Bell but as i walked inside it was defintely transformed into a place that had a really big table in the center of the room which i feel gave it the family feel. Even though the room is dark and loud music is bumping i felt comfortable in here.Lets get to the food me and the wifey had the Jinya #1 and a order of shrimp balls.Jinya #1- (3/5) i think when it comes to ramen i have a hard time being amazed or having it make my eyes roll back on taking a bite. im used to eating alot of different asian noodle soups. it was a creamy pork broth with egg noodles topped with pork,fried garlic and a boiled egg that wasnt cooked all the way so when you crack it you get that oozing yolk. i think the egg tasted weird though but thats just me. i think it would have been better with some wontons or bbq pork but then it wouldnt be japanese.Shrimp Ball (3/5)- I think it was like those shrimp balls you get at dim sum with the sweet mayo but it had some fried garlic on the outside so it wasnt nothing special. they garnished it with chilli peppers but its something that i probably would order again. The service was great and they were attentive and can actually hear what youre asking for even though that music was loud. Space is very limited and after we came in there was a grip of people that came in that seemed to wait for a long time to get seated. im glad i came and got seated right away. thanks for some decent ramen unless im craving it i probably wont be back
Awesome! Ramen and Tapas are amazing. Have a good happy hour from 3-5pm/10pm-12am. Try the Jinya Bun its on the tapas list. As far as ramen try the Cha-Cha-Cha.
Great noodles and broth. Had the #3 mild . It was outstanding. Best ramen in town. Much better than ramen Sora.
Very good. Great atmosphere. Excellent service. Great price.   Ramen was tasty and filling. Convo with waitress even better. Music rocked. Great vibe.
Great ramen, great service!! Food came fast and hot, green tea is really good! A little noisy but not too bad. Definitely will be returning.
The best pulled-pork and mustard greens I have ever had.I'm waiting on my second dinner here and I'm drooling like Pavlov's dog. That's somewhat humiliating, since I didn't hear a dinner bell. The staff is friendly and efficient. There is a small but reasonable selection of beers, plus a full bar. Tuesday night blues jams are good times.
The best pulled-pork and mustard greens I have ever had.I'm waiting on my second dinner here and I'm drooling like Pavlov's dog. That's somewhat humiliating since I didn't hear a dinner bell. The staff is friendly and efficient. There is a small but reasonable selection of beers, plus a full bar. Tuesday night blues jams are good times.Third time's a charm. Still drooling from my two previous visits.
Best for people who like cake doughnuts but they have the best coffee in Matthews!!! The staff is very friendly. You may have to take a nap afterwards though
Outstanding.  Try the sweet peppers appetizer.  Best restaurant in my. Leno by far.  Great atmosphere as well.
Customer service issues at this location. I requested that my shake be fixed when it tasted like ice and they were unwilling to help.
The Count was an excellent sandwich. The couscous side was interesting. I would eat here again.
Vegas Night Crawl was so much fun!!!! You get treated great, get great deals on drinks, and meet so many cool people it is a great organization!!
You got to see this place!!! Welcome to the spot! It's a little crazy with the shoppers, but I pretty much found most of things for my shopping list
Wingstop never disappoints!! Nice staff, clean place, and delicious food! Just found out about this location which is closer than the other ones we've been to.
Wonderful family friendly atmosphere. Affordable prices and super clean bathrooms! Not too busy and the kids had a blast with the glow in dark colors.
This place was cool, great for a couple hours of fun! It's not super challenging but the glow in the dark aspect adds to the experience. TVs around for sports fans as well. Nice family owned place.
Well, they're CLOSED.  The location is up for lease.  Oh well.CLOSEDCLOSEDJeez, how long does a yelp review have to be until they post it?
Love the atmosphere, the friendliness and the food! This seems like a great place to have a lunch meeting with co-workers or just grab a cup of coffee and read your favorite book. This place makes me wish I lived out here just so I could make this my neighborhood hangout/meeting spot. Alas, I'll have to settle with visiting when I come back in town.
Love it's tadtw and practical price. Then original Coke is great with  Mex food.The kuds plate was more than enough .. Do we always have to write a long review?
Bomb bomb bomb filibertos is finished! If you are close to this place hit it up! Definitely worth the wait!
Service was ok but you are a billiards and don't have pool on Wednesday night? Pretty boring place
Les nouilles sont excellentes, très bon bouillon aussi. Le format des soupes est assez grand. Pas assez de garnitures dans la soupe à part les nouilles. Mon copain n'a vraiment pas aimé par contre.
Cute ambiance and great food! It's a small little place but it packs lots of flavors. The pulled pork sandwich is fantastic!
Very Rude! Food is ok but not worth the insults. We were asked to move tables because we only had 6 people at a table of 8.  Girl at register has more than once forgot to give drink cups then acted like we stole them.  We were also told that they didn't need our business. They won't be getting it!
Very good not on menu but I order mongolian chicken. Delicious. The spring rolls are excellent too. I need to try something else but this is my favorite and its spicy.
LOVE IT!! Biscotti & Chocolate Hazelnut gelato~ Hazelnut is not very intense in flavor but the Biscotti... Is incredible!!
Good people good food... Family friendly wait time is minimal. Over all food is yummy at a affordable price.
Must go Good food nice place. Food was fast to us, great for the family. Wil go back again.
What a great place to meet friends for drinks! If you're not familiar with mead, try the flight to figure out what you like best.
The potato - leek soup was rich and real, with my Honeyburger was a delight from the top of the toasted sesame-seed bun down through the thick and flavorful beef patty, and the caramelized onions, fresh lettuce and tomato, and jalapeño-jack cheese in between. Jordan's five-star gracious service matches the exceptional quality of the food. The ambience is casual and classy at the same time. Worth a special trip.
Swoon. I love the set up of this intimate cafe. It doesn't look like much from outside, but once you step inside it feels like you've been whisked away from Las Vegas. The café is colorful and aesthetically well put together.  There's an inviting gelato bar, croissants lined up on top, and an attractive chocolate and pastry lay out.  Like I said, swoon.I ordered the veggie wrap ($6) and the mac 'n cheese ($6.95). After requesting the onions and avocado be withheld, I was presented with a wrap containing only lettuce, tomato, and cheese. Needless to say, this wasn't much of a wrap. There was a bunch of ingredients below the veggie wrap menu description I assumed were going to be thrown in. Now I know for next time I specifically need to ask for these extra ingredients. The mac 'n cheese wasn't my cup of tea (it's baked with onions that leave a distinct taste), but I have to admit it was still tasty.My husband ordered the brisket BBQ plate ($12.95) and a side of onion rings  ($2.50). The plate came with green beans and white rice. I sampled the rice and the green beans, which were awesome. The rice was nice and sticky and the green beans tasted super fresh. My husband pretty much licked the plate clean. He even ate the fat off the brisket! Which he never EVER does. On top of that, he was praising the rice. That man doesn't even like rice. My husband asked our waitress to pass on compliments to the chef, who responded with a wide grin and said "That's how we do, man!". To finish off, we had some gelato. I tried the chocolate and my partner, the pistachio. We got the smallest size ($3), but it was plenty filling. We'll definitely be back. I'm looking forward to trying out their breakfast menu next time.TIP: You order and pay at the counter, and there's a section for a tip. It kind of threw us off at first because we didn't know if we would have a waitress or if it would be more self-service. The waitress, if that's the proper title, brought the food to our table and checked if we needed refills. However, she never cleared any of our plates.Update: Honey Cakes offers a 10% military discount!P.S. There's a restaurant.com certificate available for Honey Cakes! It's kind of pricey here so it definitely helps to have one handy.  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #02
Awesome food! Awesome service!! I found out about this place on yelp, as i would of never known where it was. I have gone there 4 times now, and would eat there everyday if i was able to. Highly recommend!! The chicken caesar with pesto sauce is to die for!!!
I love this place!  EVERYTHING is awesome! Seriously try it out...now!! The coconut cream pie latte, dirty Chai, honey lattes and regular ol' iced coffee are my fav.  The carrot cake (I know...no naughty) is heavenly!! The classic grilled cheese is oh so delish!! Yummy!! My daughter loves the Italian sodas.
Wow, amazing food, i loved it and so will you. This is da best! I have been looking for a place that makes Pasteles and Gandule rice just like Hawaii but now i know where to go. This is the real deal, you have to try it.
Great people to do business with. Honest and affordable! I definitely will drive the extra miles to find good service!
OMGosh! I'm in LOVE with this place!!! Modern twist on old world menu classics. Their beer selection is enormous! 36+ beers on tap AND a bottled selection to boot! They don't stop there either! They have a worldly wine selection and creative modern twists on cocktail favorites! Ambience is spot on to the name. A modern clean take on everything you imagine a barrelhouse to be. Props to the design team, props to the executive chefs and the bar masters for their successful creative vision of nostalgia! And the staff is stellar  Kudos Union Barrelhouse!Tip: ask for the chef's spicy mustard!
Loud. Very loud. Good for beer, sports and grill grub. Conversation, not so much.The beer selection is outstanding. The food is well-prepared and tasty.The service was a little slow, and I can't figure out why. Wouldn't make a difference, except that the food was already cooling off by the time it got to the table.That said, our server and the owner were very friendly, and the gravy fries and mac & cheese were VERY flavorful.I live in Glendale, so don't think I'll be driving cross-Valley to go again, but would recommend it to friends who are in that area anyway if they're looking for a fun place to watch a football game and drink really good beer.
Great place for an afternoon drink and food. Great selection of beers and great bartenders who know there stuff. Steak burger is awesome and the cheese fries were delish. Did have and iffy waitress in the evening but there bartenders at the bar were great.
Was visiting my family got myself nice glasses Very Pleasant people working there The Owner Sabina had good sense what I need
I love the Tom Yum Noodle soup. It's delicious! The portions are huge too.The kids had orange chicken and rice. It's enough to feed two kids. I called in and order was done in 15 minutes. The restaurant is clean and gotta love the TVs to kill time.Just had the BBQ pork with wonton egg noodle soup and it's so good! It had Bok Choy and they are not skimpy with the ingredients. Thanks for building one of these near my house!Ok forgot to add that I had a great experience here. Great customer service! Good job guys!UPDATE: The S9 with pork is so good! Don't forget to dip the pork in that sauce that it comes with.The mango sticky rice is also bomb!
Too Good！！ the lady herself do all the cooking, but it tastes like home.  The Japche is Better than all the other big Korean restaurant I have ever eaten' h
Great customer service!!! The staff really goes above and beyond to take care of there customers... Great communication .. Big thank you for finding me a spot...
Absolutely the best gingerbread ever! My customers loved it! Not a crumb was left. And the price was amazing too!
Great care by Dr Ellis and team. Easy location to get to and a lot of options for lunch after the appointment in the center . Right across the street from the super target. The office is in incredible with my two boys.
Awesomely natural and gluten free. Great toppings and smooth soft serve. Loved it.Super nice owners, husband and wife team. Clean, nice outdoor seating right in front. Reminds me of Super Duper in Bay Area but ice cream is better!
Excellent soft serve ice cream, and it is organic!Choice of cups or cones. Lots of other items on the menu as well
Best soft serve! Oreo dipped cones....amazing. Great place to swing by for a quick dessert after dinner in old town. Quality ingredients and simple menu. Zoe's cake dish is an excellent date night item to split.
Way overpriced, not clearly marked!Very disappointed.  Will not be returning.Food was ok, but not worth the price!
my dogs have so much fun here!!!!    The people are all nice too.    My dogs are so tired after being here because they live if.
Hidden gem in Phoenix! The staff is absolutely amazing, adding to a very pleasant dining experience. I highly recommend the any ramen variation and sushi combo for lunch. Food so good I've come in for lunch and dinner service on the same day.
Very good and authentic Japanese food! The Bento boxes for lunch are a great deal. Spicy Beef Teriyaki is delish:)
Love the energy in the restaurant!!! Food service top!!!  The food is clean and unique drinks non alcoholic and as well interesting alcoholic mixes!!
The meatball sub is AMAZING!!! The service was also great and very helpful. Also the bow wow was very unique and tasty as well.
I just ate here the BEST vegan pizza i ever had! I totally recommend Mushroom Madness for any1 craving for pizza. The Bow Wows r gr8 2.
Oh my gosh delicious!!!!!! Can't wait to go again!!! It's definitely worth waiting in line for.
Yum yum! My family and I enjoyed a finger licking good dinner! :) with reasonable price and friendly and polite crews...
Same owner as Joe's BBQ,  just stay away and go somewhere better. The service is just as the other reviewers have said: it's subpar.
Poor customer service, way to expensive for such little amount . Employees are rude and cheap !
Brown rice bowl with beef & veggies was delicious. Looking to stay healthy have some good carbs with protein. Hit the spot for me!
Super clean and friendly and awesome work! Definitely recommend plus it's conveniently close
This place is amazing! Amy and Della are the BEST! I'm definitely coming back!!!  thank you for a great experience! This is a must go!!
So apparently they are not open 24/7 anymore?... Pretty sad when they advertise that they are. Wasted gas and all!! GRRR!!!
No ammo sales at night? Unbelievable! Definitely not coming back. Was told to come back at 7am. Yeah right buddy , not a chance.
One of the best pizza i had on the west coastThey have a great deal buy 18inch pizza and a 12 inch free and then collect 12 coupons for 50% off any pizza
First trip and not bad after taking a stressful test. Not bad milk tea but haven't eaten the chicken yet
These guys are great, always a sparkling pool when all done.  If you get a chance, request Eric, he's my favorite of the bunch.
Gotta try the mud pie blizzard it's amazing!! It's blend of oreos, cocoa fudge, and coffee syrup is perfect. I've also noticed this Dq is a but more generous when it comes to toppings in a blizzard..
one of the best new places to check out. Will definitely be back!!!!  Everything we ordered on the menu was really good and fine dining quality!!
First time here, the food was not really good, not worth that price. IchiZa is more better. We ordered the black cod butter lettuce wrap which make us so disappointed. The fish was too salty and burned. And the truffle bone was too oily. I will not coming back again.
Amazing bone marrow. Very nice place. Chef was friendly. Will come again to try new things.
Excellent Bangladeshi food with really courteous service. Must try the Goat Biryani, Rohu Fish Curry and Yellow Lentils (Tadka Dal)
Amazing food. Amazing host. Khub bhalo. We got the Mutton biriyani, which was amazing. Their complimentary papad is delicious with  the chutneys.
Expect to wait for hours. They are very thorough which is awesome but you will spend all day there for just an oil change. Free wifi though. The guy at the counter also wasn't very friendly.
Love it! Very delicious food and packing of food also in high level.Pudding was awesome we enjoyed a lot.
Wow amazing fresh food great asada! It's like eating at home! Had their breakfast burrito the best! Their lunch asada burritos the best!
Great place in gilbert. Amazing pizza. Servers awesome.Also a great place to eat outside.
Awesome pizza! Awesome service! Definitely going back. Had the supreme and the margarita pizza. Both were excellent. Bread appetizer was soooo yummy!
Reasonable price plus a healthy menu. I give this place a thumbs up. The salmon melts in your mouth plus the beef is oh so tender and when you mix the ginger sauce with the teriyaki sauce "taste explosion of epic proportion".
Love the savory crepes!!! Nice place to get quality bfast and good portions too. They serve 4 to 5 crepes on a plate. Today i tried the ham and kaseri which was delicious.
I love everything about this restaurant. It is always crazy busy but that's how you know it is great food and very friendly staff.
Great vibe and great food. Protein pancakes and chicken sausage on point. And the eggs Benny are some of the best in the valley. Will be coming back to this spot.
Amazing place love the taro! :) recommend it:) yep yep! I really love the atmosphere the service is great the staff is amazing it's the best boba I've had in a while I really love it! I also love the glass bottles for 50% off of the boba I purchased one and will continue to use it!
Very yummy drinks chill friendly vibes , nice place to just sit talk and relax. Been here a couple times I recomend it and the bursting passion fruit Boba is the best . I recommend it more then the chewy Boba !
Tiny little place but perfect for a small snack like on Mondays and Tuesday $1 taco night
OMG! Could eat here every day if I could afford it! Love their salads!! Staff are also very nice and fast!
Best fusion sushi ever! Everything was delicious definitely worth a try if you love sushi and you love Mexican. Best of both
Good food, great coffee and very nice hosts! I'll be back. Decor is very cool and the apple juice is fresh and delicious, I may even grab a beer here one day.
Great food, great prices...fantastic local eatery!!!! The risotto was awesome and my wife loved the Black Bean sandwich.
Quality food, extremely well prepared... Simple food is lost... Thank you Jaques for reminding your customers what the product really tastes like... It's all in the preparation...
One of the best smoke shops in the area with a variety of choices. They have a beautiful humidor cigar room that is very well kept. They also sell hookah and e-cigarettes and fluids.
Amazing food, amazing service. Not a bad thing to say. Definitely will be back. Got the B3 burger which melted like butter in your mouth. Not many places are brave enough to serve some of these unique offerings, and they do it well.
Great new place....foods great....great staff....All around awesome!!!! This place is Frickin amazing...thanks Ryan!!!!
Always great! Now has a patio :-) special today is kangaroo stuffed cabbage served with sautéed vegetables and cucumber mint yogurt!
Good pizza and fresh i like this place ezy delivery price is ok store is clean not to far the downtown
Delicious/fresh/Clean place to eat.  Will definitely be back.  'Roger that' and 'Winston cooper' are what I recommend. Dutch bread....do it
Will definitely return to try other sandwiches. Great customer service and food so  I love the location it wasn't hard to find looking forward to hopefully seeing more shops around Las Vegas Valley.
Had lunch here, sandwiches were awesome.  I will definitely be back.  Lots of different options to choose from and the staff is definitely friendly and helpful.   Ask for suggestions if you're unsure of what to get and they will not steer you wrong.   Some combinations might sound odd at first but keep an open mind and try it.
LOVE The Italian Stallion! First timer and I will be back!! Friendly Staff! I recommend giving this place a try it will not disappoint!!!
Amazing crepes and coffee! It's also very reasonably priced!Not bad atmosphere. Would definitely return
Café superbe. J'aime l'ambiance. Allez voir! Situé sur la rue passante de Jarry, vous poussez observer les belle filles de Villeray passer devant les grande fenêtre comme un rayon de soleil pour illuminer cet endroit magique! Le Staff est super sympa et c'est très tranquille. Je l'ai découvert avec la indie-coffee-passport et maintenant j'ai retourne régulièrement. J'ai même acheter leur café pour chez moi. Excellent.
Parking is gravel so wear comfy shoes. Otherwise an awesome place. especially to host a company gathering or private party. This place really has a lot of space, heck even a wedding would be awesome here. The beer is delicious. and tours are free at certain times of the day. Or you can pay for a group tour where you actually get to try what they are brewing. Food here is German themed, and awesome as well. Patio area is great with plenty of space and games like corn hole to play. So I would say its even good for kids. I recommend a visit to this local brewery. Places like this are making a come back and we should keep that alive! Enjoy!
All glass hookahs great place to smoke and chill. Cleanest hookah lounge in AZ.  Staff is great and owner is Awesome!!!
Friendly staff, quick at the drive thru or dine in, no issues with the drink I order. Plenty of comfortable seating on the inside, the area is nice and open. Place is clean and always in good shape when I come in.
Excellent repas! Et très bien conseillé pour les vins.Il y a aussi d'excellents cocktails pour l'apéro.Le décor est feutré ce qui permet de passer une excellente soirée entre amis.
Delicious and inventive specialty pizza! The hoagies are amazing...Slice always satisfies!
Awesome job Hugh is wonderful. He really took the time and did a nice job painting a starry night on my toes
First time here, and there were many regular customers too. Very friendly and did a great job!
They do amazing work and very reasonable prices.They have a very welcoming salon i have been in other salons but not like Rileys i have found my nail salon they are amazing...
Love this place. Great service and very fun! Has a great community vibe and they remember you! Good prices quality care
Great deserts and friendly service.  I will definitely  go again to try more flavors.
Awesome place! Great environment and fabulous staff! The place to be in the LV! Nora is the best ask for her!!!
Get the egg rolls!  Great fish sauce!  Not that impressed with the soups or rice
I love this place! Delicious Phó and the atmosphere is relaxing! Every time I go there the employees are happy to serve! I recommend this restaurant!!
Sells bootleg jerseys. Buyer beware!!! I bought a football jersey for $110.00 that was supposed to be authentic, but wasn't. Not a good way to do business. Better places online or in town to buy real merchandise.
Nice atmosphere, great beer selection, and cool layout for gathering with friends. Video poker pay tables are decent and good size crowd for a Friday night bar in a strip plaza.
Great beer, great food, great service and a great atmosphere. Bartenders are friendly and courteous.  Fries are fresh cut and simply delicious! Got to check this place out.
Great selection of beers and a really cool staff.Check out the beer of the week club: $25 gets you a different beer of the manager's choice every week for a year, free!
Good food good prices!!!! We'll be going back for more lol had a philly cheese and some pizza was pretty good and for the price was great
Awesome burgers, cooked to perfection. Truffles make all the difference. The restaurant is located inside the casino and has plenty of tables.
Burgers and service were amazing. Coming here 2x a week! I loved all of their beer suggestions and how fast the food cane out. Over all 10 out of 10!
Place is empty and we have to wait 25 min. Guess they are a hair short staffed and didn't think the locals 50% off would work. Sad
Great service!!! Unami burger and truffle fries are awesome!!! Will be back for this!!
Very friendly staff. Great Burgers. Unique menu for a burger place. Umami stands for savory taste. Savory Taste is one of the five basic taste. The ketchup with truffle is something you don't experience every day. Definitely will come back. This is my 3rd visit, Never disappointed.
Had the Manly Burger.  One of the best burgers I have ever had!  The truffle fries were equally excellent.
Still the best burger Ive ever had. And Ive been to two locations.Mmmmmm. Buuurrrgggeeerrrr. Aaaahhhhhhh (in my Homer Simpson voice)
Go to Safa and Natalia. They were the best! The truffle burger is bomb. And the truffle fries are really good also
Great pizza fast and efficient service we will be back!!!We got the margarita pizza and pizza zuccaLoved it all
Rip off 8 dollars a beer!  Seriously not kidding!  Insane!  Truly beyond belief!  Pizzas also very overpriced!
Best pizza ever because I got to created it!  Perfectly baked and great service. This is a review for the location at SLS Hotel in Las Vegas.  Not open everyday so make sure to check when open.
Best pizza I've ever had. Loved being able to customize my pie.  Took the left overs to the airport and would have been totally devastated if security took it away...lucky for me, they didn't.
Overpriced for anything but the pancakes.  Food was okay.  Had huevos, decent.  Huevos,  side of eggs,  order of cakes and 2 coffees was over 50 bucks.
Horrible experience, expensive and not worth the wait. I have had better breakfast at Denny's Go to hash house instead
Just wow!!! I'll be a drove a little for my amazing food...  Service was amazing. I seat at the bar. Most come back to try more
Loved the French press coffee and my red velvet plate of love (pancake)! My husband had the yummy Kicking & screaming tacos. I would go back in a heartbeat!!!
GreathGood and great food seafood and service I highly recommend dinning at the sls buffet
Para ser arroz y frijoles,  esta muy caro. No es mi gusto en comida. Pueda que a otros les guste, en lo personal a mi no!!!
Gabi is so motivating!! Go check out Cyclone Las Vegas!! You'll never regret it! It's like working out in a nightclub! Low lights and loud amazing music!
Amazing caramel cheesecake!  Oh and Try their sweet tarts. Owners really friendly. I su pastel de 3 leches is to die for!
Cleo is a fantastic spot.  Fun atmosphere paired with excellent food.  We had hummus, kibbe nahya, grape leaves, chopped salad and lamb chops.  Each item was excellent quality. The style is tapas so it is a nice way to dine with family and friends.
Deliciously awesome slow service but good service it's worth it. Everything I tried so far has been so tasty. And I love good food and I'm a harsh critic when it comes to food. So basically yes I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends and family I think everyone should try it.
Amazing food - loved every single bite. Could eat here every week! The branzino and the octopus was so incredibly good. We love eating tapas and this place might have now ruined us for any future tapas restaurants. We are hooked and.glad to hear there is another location in LA. Yay!
Tied for worse Mexican food I have ever ate. I ate their once, and never will go back.
Awful....cheese whiz cafeteria food.Service also took 1/2 an hour and forgot who we were cause it took to long, spend the money on the Melting Pot.
This place does NOT disappoint! GREAT drinks, great food and great service! Definitely try the jasmine pomegranate margaritas and any of the sushi rolls! The server brought us complimentary champagne to celebrate our engagement... made us feel VERY special!
One of the best sandwiches on mill avenue.. They have all vegan meats .. And it's definitely a super good lunch
Love this place! Good quality ingredients and great quantity! The staff was also friendly too even though the store was busy.
Great, fast and reason my priced iPhone service and more!And locations commie ineptly all over the valley!
Very nice service~and the staffs there are very friendly~if you have a lot of stress, It will be a good choice to relax yourself
so bad. worst service ive ever had. wont try this ever! the pork dumpling is not bad though
Great staff, great options and a nice place to shoot.  They have a great club room for events and many guns to choose from.
Pretty good pizza at pretty good prices. We ordered a mushroom pizza and some other appetizers and enjoyed the quality. It's more of a takeout spot than a dine in spot though they have a couple booths to eat in should you want to.
The food was delish and as always the service was great! I ate a chicken and grilled veggies quesadilla, hubby are chicken taco, and done ate bacon potato quesadilla. Even got a free drink. Very friendly and very good. I'll be back to this location.
Amazing menu, staff really earned their tip, overall delicious and cool place! Pretty easy location to get to as well. I had the smores waffles which were to die for. Saw other people ordering sandwiches and breakfast items which came out in big portions. Best hot chocolate I've had!
Simple and tasty pizza.Small place, takes a while to get your order but the pizza was very good. The pizza sauce and cheese was amazing.Their Caesar salad is too authentic. Small and a little bitter because of the capers which is very traditional and not westernized.
Best acai bowls.  Staff is friendly and knowledgable. They offered us samples before ordered. We ordered raspberry pecan and just acai. Both of them were awesome! We were really pleased and will be back again.
A must have!!!! Reminds me of the beach in San Diego!!!!!  Just acai!!!!!! They carry vitamins and protein etc also.  It was really good!!!!!!
Went there based on yelp recommendation and I really liked it. Had granola and pancakes and it was delicious. Small line but well worth the wait!! Service was very nice and helpful!
Great food, nice atmosphere, awesome owner! Big menu with large portions, lots of beer selections - all affordable & delicious. Highly recommend.
Great place for inexpensive drinks and quality food. Good menu and great atmosphere. I ordered a Texan burger and my wife had a hog fish sandwich, both were great. I highly recommend the hogs head bar and grill.
Upon further review the call is overturned to 5 stars! Thanks guy's! Like I said great atmosphere, great food , really cool employees..
Great food and service! Sunday all day happy hour is a deal you can't beat!! Love the creative rolls and the lychito is fantastic!
Food was amazing, we will be back! The chef did a fabulous job with preparing our food!
Great food! Great service! Great happy hour! We came here on a Friday night was pretty busy but the server was able to take care of us and give us a awesome expierence for our first time here. Atmosphere is very nice as well. Love the jelly fish in the tank.
Amazing gluten free buckwheat crepes. One of my favorite eateries in Montreal. We ended up eating here 3 times during our week here. Such a treat for someone who is gluten free.
Amazing! Best eggs Benedict I have ever had!Servers were friendly and coffee is fresh. Nice open window with a sight of local art. Potato puffs or whatever they are called are superb! Would totally recommend for breakfast.
Amazing food . Gluten free pancakes. Always a great time!I would recommend to anyone for breakfast of brunch. They have salty and sweet crepes. You can even make your own by combining different ingredients.Helpful and very nice staff
Great food great atmosphere and wonderful staff always satisfied and come here often over the past three years try out their home baked goods
Good food, good service. Lemongrass soup perfect for the winter. Had the king chicken which was tasty. Good atmosphere overall.
The best pizza in town, WINGS are AmAzing ! Great staff always checking on you owners are fanatastic !!! Denfenitly  going back for more
Can never go wrong with Cane's. Great location fast services and I'm glad there's finale one in the arrowhead area
Scrumptious! Best chicken strips ever. Definitely not something to be eaten everyday though as a box combo is 1000 calories.
Très très bon burger , viande garantie sans ajouts , change des chaînes de fast-food !!! A essayer je vous le recommande
Amazing pizza and very fast a good. I will be a long term customer forever.AAAAAAAAAA++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Thank you
Best sushi I had in a long time. They have great prices and it's delicious ! They have hibachi lunch specials for $10!
Sushi is great I ordered takeout reasonable portions. Parking can be a challenge during lunch time
Great spray tan- best in the valley by far. They pay great attention in detail!!!  I was going to another place in Scottsdale and had streaky hands and feet.
Bon prix et bon service! Un petit endroit local qu'ont souhaite voir grandir! :)Pour les "coils",excellent prix! Bonne game de la marque Kangertech"!Si vous vaper, et êtes du coin, eh bien ya pas de raison pr pas esseyer leur liquide! ;)
Dr. Yozsa is the best!! Great care and advice. She recommended a great shoe place for my daughter and got her feet on the way to being more comfortable. If your feet don't feel good you don't feel good!!
Great pizza ! Salad was awesome ! Highly recommend !Haven't been down here in awhile and was super stoked w amazing food & service
The pizza is fresh and delicious!! The ordering is easy and fast. You can put as many toppings as you like, with no extra charge! Today was our first time at Fired Pie, and we will be back before the next sporting event we attend in Phoenix!
Lots of beauty products!!They sell NYX cosmetics and Many brands of nail polish. They have some unique nail and hair products
Super cool store and incredibly friendly owner! Monthly events too :) hundreds of pop vinyls and even dancing groot! So freaking adorable!
Excellent store with friendly staff. They had a lot of selection and were willing to help out when I had any questions.  They also have great hours which gave me the opportunity to get in with my son.
Awesome shop!! This little place has EVERYTHING!! I'm gonna be lost in here! Very nice lil environment, great stock of toys & comics....
Best local beer in town. Absolutely love their IPA! The Saison is good as well as all their specialties. All u can say us get there and get a beer, you will love it.
Friendly staff. Food was delicious.  My kids loved the adobo!!!  Cozy seating. Thanks for having clean dining and highchairs.  The chamarado is delicious!
I would totally come here again! Good enough amount of food for the price!The staff is super friendly as well!
Delicious food and service. I love their sisig! The coleslaw was refreshing! I will definitely return
Came here with my family and ate the Sisig burrito I absolutely loved it!  I will definitely come back again here with family.
Very good service and I loved the food! Great place for anyone to eat. I really liked their different variety of foods and all the different tastes that were brought to the table. The service was very good, and I will go there again.
Do not waste your time, rude owner, no customer service and overpriced!!  There are lots of other beautiful hospitable shops in town!  I will never be back!!!
Best ramen in Charlotte! Hands down.  Love the decor and pretty much everything on the menu. Love it!
Really good fresh food, lots of choices. And really nice staff. They also have vegetarian options.
They're really nice fast.. I like it great service beautiful nails.. I will be back..
No one answers the phone here and to busy to take appt when they do. I will try again tomorrow. Although I did go somewhere else it was nice to get a message from the owner the very next day. I compliment you on your attention to detail and prompt customer satisfaction.
Great drinks, prompt service and amazing sliders and deviled eggs!!! Just let the bartender know what you like and you're sure to get an amazing cocktail. I mentioned I liked tart drinks and preferred vodka, next thing I knew there was a magical drink of goodness sitting in front of me!!
Awesome addition to Verrado... Great people, coffee and locAtion.  The dog park is located just 20 feet from the patio.  They also have  live music on Sundays.
Good stop! God coffee lots of parking kid friendly dog park. Easy to find off freeway.
Food and service were great. Lots of TV'S, 2 patio's (1 smoking and 1 non smoking). Full bar, seems consistent. A little hidden but it's behind the McDonald's so you don't get much noise from the road when you're on the patio.
Everything about this place  - food, service, atmosphere was A+ I had the filet mignon sandwich, and it was delicious! The bread was soft and fresh, and the steak was tender. It was absolutely perfect. They also had no issues with the slight modifications that I made to it. I also ordered a birthday cake cupcake for dessert. It was great! The place is gorgeous and all of their desserts are perfect looking.
Cute but tight. Not expensive and creative. I love the place, the decoration makes you feel at home. Bread it's good and coffee is really tasty. It's one of my favorite places in Montreal!
Best price in town although they don't offer samples but they do have 24 flavors. Only $1.5 for a scoop or $ 2.58 for a double scoop and they even have specials some times you buy one get one free.
Great service! Love the staff - food is great (expand the menu!) awesome atmosphere. You guys have it right .
Great find in Phoenix... Good selection of beer... Try the Dogfish 61.  The waitress took the time to guide us to a great Mexican restaurant in Phoenix, Rosita's.  Try the stuffed hush puppy appetizer sprinkled with blue cheese and bacon crumble... Outstanding!!!
I came here following my favorite hairstylist Briana, it's a great new place! I'm definitely coming back!
Fun joint, I'll be back for sure. Great for late night studying, when you can't study at home.
Best hot and sour soup in town!  Wor wonton great, too...very hearty.  Staff was friendly and the place was clean and bright
loved this place I will come back it was really good I will bring my friends here my friend works near them and always orders there food you don't get sick of it
This place is not good the all! But the server he was nice! Just The food was really tasteless. No flavor! I'll never go again .......
Kelley Greene is very professional. She made my experience very memorable. I would come back again only to work with kelley because I know she would take care of my needs as well. I love this place and my personal waxer.
Julie is amazing! Appointment was quick and easy and the salon is super clean! I made an appointment the same day and the building is really easy to find. Everyone that works there is super nice! They have really great prices and deals as well!
It's really good the barbers are great. They a great ambiance that you can just come in and enjoy your self while waiting to get your hair cut.
Gets better every time..... A must visit in Las Vegas... Best kept secret in the arts district
Nice place. Definitely be going back.  Ate here for lunch. The chips & salsa w/Guacamole are some of the best you will have!!!! Very friendly & helpful staff with above average Mexican food.
Employee in a star wars jacket was a jerk. He could've been more friendly. When i asked for a certain brand of cigarettes (cheapest)he seemed put out because he would have to go to the back. Then he didn't tell me he couldn't go until the other worker came inside. So I'm just standing there as he is checking out other customers. Then he is making rude comments about my choice to the other customers. So i tried to let him off the hook and suggested another brand that was around the same price. There wasn't anything. They are so expensive. So i just left. I usually go to Valero. I just happened to be in the area. But from now on i will go where i know it's cheaper and more friendly..
Kiu did an awesome job on my fall nails!!!! I'll be back for sure!!! If you pay in cash you will get an extra 10% off. The entire staff is super nice and beyond helpful!
Good price, Good Food ! I had turkey sandwich with buffalo soup which was pretty good !
Good ambiance, but that's pretty much it.Update: their beef slices were always barely cooked in the center, which is fine as long as they can guarantee sanitation, which they couldn't. Had stomach flu soon after dining here.
Always enjoy the green curry. Caliente!!! Not sure what the Thai word would be. Kind of surprised by some of the negative posts.
Some cool stuff ! Very nice guys.  Guest this is my new one-stop shop. ..Do what it do. "...........................
AMAZING food, Craft Beer and Cocktails & Great Service! Stuffed Pork Chop, Urban Burger & Mac & Cheese are to die for
Not worth it for the price... Service is nice ..But bread is not very good and meat is disgusting ... Sorry really tried to like it... Super pricy also like $12 or something like that for sandwich and a drink
Great food, great customer service by  Gina she is amazing, I recommend this place, I'm addicted to it.
Quick service, great scheduling, and amazing prices! I had a broken key in my deadbolt and managed to have scheduled, fixed, and paid for in a matter of hours and on my schedule.
Best Gym in AZ! Don't believe me? Don't be scared...Come See!!!The staff is Awesome (me included) ;-) great atmosphere, fun, friendly and motivating! You got questions we have answers. Solutions to your 'problem areas' we're here to help.
Best prices on cigarettes, hookah supplies, vapes, vape juice, and others! Great customer service, and made me a daily customer for my hookah needs. Khalil Mamoon is the best Egyptian hookah to use. Plus wide variety of shisha tobacco from Fumari, Starbuzz, Fantasia, and much more. Also, Mo sells quick lights to natural coconut coals (Coco Nara or Coco Brix). All for cheap prices!
Great atmosphere. The waitstaff was incredible! The food was very good. They have an amazing patio for enjoying the outdoors. We went on a date here and we're very pleased with the food and the service. The atmosphere made the experience that much more enjoyable.
Good food at cheap prices. I go there for lunch during the week. I always see Chinese people eating there which is a good sign.
Dr Ted is an amazing doctor! I've been a patient of his for years & have followed him to the different practices. So glad he has his very own now! He's helped my neck & spine greatly. Would def recommend him to everyone
Amazing!!! One of my faves in Vegas totally recommend it!!! I loved the decor of the restaurant was very clean very organized. My breakfast was Amazing I can't wait to come back and wat here again.
Ran 9 was amazing! Everything smelled fresh and the price was super reasonable! Mike was great to work with. I would recommend him to anyone.
Great food, good service.Friendly.Good vegetarian options.Recommend the iced coffee...
Excellent food and service! I highly recommend it to everyone who loves Thai food! Try the yellow curry highly recommend it.
One of the best Thai restaurants I've ever been to!  I tried Basil Fried Rice and Green Curry w/ Chicken and they were GOOD. I ended up going back and get the same thing couple days later
Best Mexican sushi I have tried and I have tried them all...!! This sushi is very well made and tasty
I ordered duck soup and Szechwuan style boiled fish and beef. The dishes are very traditional. The food are fresh and very delicious!
Very authentic Shanghai style restaurant, a taste of my hometown，highly recommended! 江南人会喜欢这种味道
Amazing place cool staff and kicks!! Cool atmosphere as well as vibe... I love wasting money on there arcade machine full of kicks
Enjoying smoothies at nekter! I tried to look at a menu of smoothies online to write specific ones my husband and I enjoyed, but was unable to view one. Oh well! Mine had dates in it and my husband's had orange juice in it. Both of us were very pleased with the quality of our smoothies, which we felt were worth the price. The employees were courteous, efficient and knowledgeable about the products! Would definitely recommend Nekter to everyone!
Keishah and Jenny hooked it up. Get the seasonal pizzas... OMFG! Fast delicious friendly and very high quality.
Only pizza I will buy now. Place is great .. Solid menu or build your own. Employees are super friendly. Been there about a dozen times and always satisfied.
Crazy good pizza and salads! Very attentive staff, cool decor, and great air-conditioning. Try the Canon club salad - it's the best of both worlds, combining a warm pizza crust with a delicious salad.
awesome place.... cozy environment.... good for relaxing.... comfortable pricing.... we tried it after a long trip from Jersey and loved the IPA's
Great subs great service!!  Full of meat, nice and clean quick service. Definitely will go back for more.
Horrific bar service. Got there at 8.30PM. Bartender kept saying "1 min" and every time she would go away to joke around with the staff while there was plenty of people just wanting to get served.
Well worth the trip off the main drag.....best BBQ in Nevada. Love the ribs and great atmosphere. The weight staff worked as a team to make sure everyone was covered......can't wait to come back
interesting menu, we are thinking of starting off with the hummus! My brisket was good and they have an Alabama white sauce that is to die for!  Key Lime pie in a Mason jar was excellent too!
It's 830pm on a Sat and there is NO BRISKET. How is that possible? Mac & Cheese was cheesy, but flavorless. Corn bread was ok - Marie Callendars does it better. Since there was no brisket and I don't eat pork, I opted for a cheeseburger and had to ask for BBQ sauce on the side since they don't offer a BBQ burger. Very disappointed. My bill was $24, $30 with tip for waiter that did a good job of explaining menu items and offering drink suggestions. I left unsatisfied and thinking I could of eaten much better at Famous Dave's for what I paid.
The bacon wrapped meatballs are phenomenal!!  Service is excellent! Our server was great! CJ, the Asst Manager is wonderful! He came and greeted our table and was very friendly.
Great food and service the yard and the coop from the lemonade bar the Arnold Palmer on the 19....
Perla fixed my hair today awesome as always. She is alway so good at what she does.  Funny too if you need your hair did see Vavoom best hair in Vegas
Came here in search of Cougars and milfs, left with a bunch of groceries.Update- I think it's bad business when cashiers and management let people with full carts through the express lane. This location seems to be ok with it and the inconvenience it causes to some of us who just came in for one item. Maybe they expect the customers to enforce it.
Bread is always nice and fresh! Sandwiches are very consistent which is great. I'm very happy there's one in this area now
Best groomer in Gilbert. The owners love dogs and people!  The grooming is reasonable in price and the dog wash is fun for people and dogs too.  They have great staff and a good selection of leashes, collars and other dog lover items.
Been with him for years ( I'm an investor). Smooth, easy transactions. He's very knowledgable, professional, knows all the ins and outs of loans.
Nicole couldn't have been more helpful. Tried on 5 bikinis and left with 2. I'll be back to use my rewards for my birthday since they didn't have the bikini I actually went in to try on. Fingers crossed for the cute crocheted Pily Q that I want...
Meh.  Nice people, marginal tacos.I visited this restaurant during the Super Bowl.  Kudos for being open.  The salsa was bland by Phoenix standards and the tacos, while perfectly edible, were simply not as good as what you can find elsewhere.
Fish torta is amazing!!!!  My new found love!  I wasn't crazy about that pastor burrito and they exchanged it for something else.  Very cool!  Definitely will be back.
Amazing food and service, lovely place to eat. Had the Carne Asada burrito which was fantastic.
The green chili pork burro was great! The pollo taco was so so. Free chips with your order and very friendly staff.
The "surfer" fish tortas is my favorite. Highly recommend.
They only have 26 month contracts.  No month to month, yearly rates, etc. It's embarrassing if you call and talk to their sales people. I was passed around 3 times, no hold music, they just handed phone to their neighbor representative.  I only called to ask if they has some sort of family plan.  The gentleman said, "what 70cents a day isn't good enough for you?" So unprofessional.  And no the plan I want for my self is almost twice that a day.  Ignorant sales reps.
I have been twice now with my wife.. Great time! Saw Jen Cober tonight. Hilarious!!  Ordered a bottle of wine and we both had dinner at the club.   Will definitely continue to come back for more laughs!
Good food great service! Can't wait to go again! All three comedians were great!!
Worst place I've stayed in a long time. Too was smelly. No free wifi and sales pitch was over 2 hours and very rude when we said no. Never going back here!
OK APA National looking Good . Come by the tiger products booth lots of new stuff great prices awesome people
Ruined my honeymoon!!!!Management is horrible!!! No one cares to help when something goes wrong!!!Dishonest company!!!
The burgers were great, as were the fries.I liked the atmosphere, very open and airy. The staff were all nice and attentive.
Without a doubt the most disgusting place I've ever been. 0 stars. Avoid at all cost!
Try the birria tacos, you'll need napkins but it will be worth it, trust me. The tortillas are homemade and so are all their all their aguas frescas.
Phenomenal food and service, I don't think you can pick a bad item on the menu. Friend the Korean fried chicken, the lobster rolls and the muscles, all were way above average.
Great place to eat . Good service . Will come back many times. We have been looking for a place where they have Great brisket..... Found it .... The two lady's that helped yes are soo nice too. So good went twice in one day ... Only hope one day they will have Tender pastrami... (sandwiches)
Delicious as usual. And great location  closer to home. Chicken is moist, fries crispy, toast is delicious.awesome disco ball
Always good and fast service, never disappointed! Always have a good deal going on and they always cut my hair well!
Good food. Nice place friendly staff A++++ Highly recommended. Right in the middle of old town.
Jacob is a great guy he really knows his stuff I recommend you asking for himHe explained all the differences between all the mattresses and was able to narrow is down to what we liked.  He is a good listener.
Great deals!! Very helpful service! Very affordable mattress' and the manager helps you with whatever you need.
Best chicken I ever try ... I had chicken with half rice and half salad omg amazing  . They have the best ice cream you you should try it I will go back fo sure
Sorry was not impressed - the food was bland and they were unwilling to make a kids portion meal without us ordering everything ala cart.  Was super excited to try the food here based off of the other good reviews, but unfortunately we will not be back.
Best food best place, recommended food. Love it.i enjoy the food every time I went there. Me and and my husband like it. Try there food
Always fresh and tasty!  Great service.
Good food. Good service. Would definitely return.I had 2 items from the sushi menu and really enjoyed the Aloha wrap. Great pita bread for snacking on while waiting for the food. It kinda feels like a newer Kona Grill for anyone who goes to Boca Park. Good stuff!
Food is excellent all kinds to choose from: american, asian, Mediterranean....good service. If you have a dog patio is very nice. Establishment itself is casual to upscale and w/very decent prices.
Channell are server was very good didn't miss a beat thank you we shall be back the gluten free menu is great lots to choose from.
Great service. Very helpful and clean. Very nice atmosphere. Staff was very friendly and help with products and made recommendations.
excellent customer service and great tan, good facilities, highly recommended for that sunkissed beach look
The best tanning salon I ever been inThank you so much ! :)It's been an amazing experience.
The best tanning salon i been in so farThank you for great costumer serviceThank you john
Great place great price great service!!! Recommend to everyone it's great everyone go there its fantastic my first time I'll go again highly recommended
very friendly staff! went in for s spray tan. very clean and new tanning beds! :) highly recommend!
Great place to tan. Awesome customer service!!! I definitely recommend this place. They have regular tanning, spray tans and airbrushing. Perfect for anyone who wants to stay out of the Vegas sun
Very friendly customer service and clean facilities!!I did the red light therapy and versa spa spray tan and my tan was very natural looking! I will definitely be a returning customer.
Very helpful, friendly staff. Versa spray turned out great. Would highly recommend! Try the red light therapy!
Awesome place toTan. My favorite in Vegas so far! Friendly staff, awesome products and amazing beds!
Great place! Great service! Clean and great location. Organized and friendly front desk
This place is awesome. Always good customer service every time I come in and super clean!
New Chinese dim sum place inside the Paris Hotel. I'm shocked they have dim sum at this hour.I was forced to eat here while i was waiting for my buddies to arrive at the Paris Hotel.I was pretty impressed and drawn to the place since I noticed they served Dim Sum in the evenings, which is not normal for a Chinese restaurant.I ordered the brown rice, which was so freaking dry i couldn't even eat it with my chopstick, the hagaw and siomai  tasted like they were old, dry and had no flavor. But I did not stop there, since i was already there i decided to have the hong kong style wonton soup which was $14 for freaking soup! The wonton soup had thin noodles which felt like it was never ending, and the wontons had shrimp inside them, the broth was okay nothing special. After i got the bill i had a bad taste in my mouth! The food was pricey and not as good as dim sum restaurants in china town. I felt like we were paying for the ambiance just because it was inside the Paris hotel, The reason why i gave this place a 3 star was because the service was great, not your typical Chinese restaurant that's for sure! If only they cooked like your typical Dim Sum restaurant I would have given them a 4 star.Overall, I may go back to try their other soups, their service was great, ambiance was nice , wonton soup was okay.  i did not enjoy my dim sum at all because it was too pricey and the quality was not good at all.
so expensive... And salty and force me to pay tips without telling me in advance?! What do you expect me to say?! I will never ever come here again!
Really good food and service was just fine. Try the dim sum. It's a good thing when you see Asian people eating at a Asian restaurant.
I had the bbq stir fry unon& it's good, full with flavor! It's #10 if you want it. The service was good, food came out on time and the environment was nice and relaxing .
Not enough for price paid and terrible customer service. I was very disappointed and would recommend to go to a better place on the strip.
Food - exquisiteshrimp n gritsJambalaya Fig cake Music- peppyService- warmWanted to go back the same evening, sigh
Loooove this place!!! The kale smoothie is legit!!! Great customer service and friendly staff!! I also love the Caesar salad!!!
Grand Opening today!  I love the Hurricane Colada! This one is a really big location.  It has lots of seating, open on Sunday's, and they take credit cards.  I'm so happy we finally have one here in South Chandler!
We saw an awesome concert here. Train and The Fray. 7 rows back. Great seats.  Will definitely see more shows here.
Outstanding customer service tonight! Delicious yogurt. It was our first visit, and we will return. The ladies working tonight were incredibly helpful. My toddler loved it.
Highly recommend bang bang shrimp$6 on Wednesday. Great to go or eating in. Try it as an appetizer or main dish. Other items are ok but not over the top. Not a great place tor kids. Brunch on Sunday's is limited
Had the crab and scallop stuffed Tilapia.  Delicious!!!BF had the wild caught salmon. Yummy!!!
Food was delicious but I do think they were overpriced.  Salmon was cooked well and the broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes were delicious
Great neighborhood restaurant.  Really good Happy Hour!   Brandon is a great server!  Liked the filet bites, burgers and salads.  Very comfortable atmosphere.
The water is always off.  Due to ALWAYS having a leak or broken pipe!  Im getting sick and tired of having no water.
The Panini & Sweet crepes are to die for. Fast & delicious. Rosemary children panini,  sweet sugar crepe w/butter & Lemon juice, spinach croissant... Everything I have tried... All delicious
Outstanding crepes, croissants and service!  Delightful place!  Nice location, made to order crepe, servers were awesome.  Pretty outdoor eating area.
Omg this place is so good they have a  new twist to a beer soo good  instead of salsa and chips they serve you ceviche with crackers.
Just moved to the area nice little place you watch a sports. Great drinks prices. Quiet and peaceful. Great staff.
Oh Echo 5. I do want to like you. I do want you to succeed. But - $9 for potato skins and this is all you get? They were tasty....but $9? For 4 halves? Really? That's all?The service - it's ok, but not fabulous.The food is ok - but not great. And I have to be the person who is all whiny and "but I miss something from the oooolllldddd menu" - but - dangit, I really miss the deliciousness of the previous iterations of the Buffalo Chicken Salad that had been in place over the previous 3 or 4 owners. :-( It was so much better.
Thank your Anne for making my teeth white .... I appreciate you !! Thanks for making my teeth white and I know when I left they were white .
Friendly service and great attitude.  Flexible appointments that fit my schedule. I would recommend to any of my friends looking for some professional cuts!
Excellent, attentive, quick service and TONS of menu choices!Everything was delicious and hot right out of the kitchen!  Definitely going back to try other goodies
Great atmosphere,  especially with the Jazz band playing in the background.Could use $5 beer pitchers top male it perfect!
Great atmosphere,  especially with the Jazz band playing in the background.Could use $5 pitchers to make it perfect!
amazingly great, love love the food. I highly recomend...you will absolutely enjoy their food.
Great staff!  Clean, and YuM-o! $1 tacos on Tuesday's!  Can't beat that!!! The fish tacos are delish!  I've turned my whole office on to them!  Great family owned spot!
Love this place. Found my new favorite spot. Must try the berry good. Great breakfast on the go.
Best Pizza ! Good Price !! Friendly Service !!! ^_^Fast Delivery !!!! *  Awesome * Very fresh pizza.
Great atmosphere and the prices are more than reasonable. My friend had the oysters and I got the poutine bun. We were both satisfied with our plates.
Quality homemade burger and a generous portion of hand cut fries. Comparable to Five Guys.
Best burgers in Gilbert! Or anywhere for that matter!  Ask for the secret French fries!
Pho sandwich and homemade chips were delicious! Very original menu. Good mix of asian and american flavors. Look forward to coming back.
Love the food, the crew and location.  For the best lunch or dinner it's a must go. The chowder is amazing, the pho dip is a must have and homemade cupcakes finish the meal nicely.
They offer vegan food, good vegan food! Best food I've tasted in Vegas in a while, let's support our small businesses!!
Delicious!  Love this place and definitely frequent here!  There isn't anything I haven't liked from this menu. Great customer service as well.
I'm so in love with the green tea white chocolate cupcake. The pho dip sandwich was interesting. I can't really say anything bad about this place. Prices are very reasonable. Had I lived closer, I'd frequent.
The best subs in Maricopa. You will go back over and over after trying them. It is not your regular subs.
Over priced and slow service. Just eh food. The subs are not that large it is steaming hot in the restaurant
Wings are ok plain n simple.been hearing better news about them from this original review may return but i may just stick with my wingstop and bww
Food was excellent. Wings are the best in town. The voodoo flavor was my favorite I recommend that to anyone who loves let of flavor
I got a great hair cut by Edgar. He spent time and provided a new cut that I like. The service was very good and atmosphere was relaxing
Great service, very friendly owners and great selection. Went to her event at first Friday's in Phoenix and had a great variety of things. Also made a private appointment,  she was very accommodating.  She knows her stuff.
Great atmosphere and good food! Must try the Pad Thai and Chai Tea Ice Cream. I will definitely go back.
Can't get enough of this place. Everything is so tasty! Sodas are so good and every calzone I try is delicious. My favorite is the pesto chicken calzone. The service is so friendly. Everyone there is so nice and helpful. I take everyone I know here because I love it so much.
Omg. Greatest calzone ever. Just got off work and decided to stop by. So glad I did. The food is fresh fast and delicious. The people there were very sweet. It was priced well enough to keep goin back as a guilty pleasure!
Food good! Service and wait time sucks!!! Not coming back!!!  Staff is clueless!! And oblivious to how long I waited for 4 calzones over an hour and 1/2. Ridiculous
Had a really great taste, but mine needed baked just a little longer. The Italian soda was amazing though.
Great shop. Owner was very helpful in more ways than we expected. They have a little bit of everything and the owner is very knowledgeable.
I love this place, the salmon is awesome and the chicken too.  It really is one of my favorite places to eat.
Second visit for Kefta plate-Veggie were amazing-Hummus is perfect!Staff is bonus- super nice and quick to clean-Meal is so good I know I want to eat here and get a hungering for it before I even get there Quick service and open kitchen so you can see right it while they're cooking-I like the choose your own soda machine and I'm beginning to see it more often so I'm cool with being able to switch between a ton of different drinks -been rockin the caffeine free sparkling water lately :)
The steak pita is delicious!!!! Love the hummus and went for the salad this time! Delish
Best coffee shop uptown! Staff is friendly and knowledgable. Small but has a great vibe. There's usually a line but it moves fast. The secret is out. Rush is the best!
Really good... enjoyed this spot while on my lunch break after doing some shopping. Good customer service and the service is fast.
I love this place! Great service and the food is delicious! I recommend the iced mocha with a hot cinnamon bagel or fresh blueberry muffin for breakfast.
Really good food for the price and quality will  definitely go back endless amount of toppings still  just one price under eight buck's
Very clean, great food! Loved the order online option! Order online before I left the house and then picked it up through  the drive up window. Very fast that way, no wait!
Good products and good service. I don't smoke but my husband likes the store and brought other customers here.
Great curry and some nice jazz in background. Loved the peanut sauce.  Will be coming back to try other dishes
Best Tom ka soup in town! I also love the Pad kee Mao. Great vegetarian and vegan options!
Good service and nice staff. And found they are helpful in assisting in your needs. They ask a lot of questions to try to solve your problem.
Excellent food! It was a little cold but, I'll be back...I love their sushi rolls! The korean waitress was very kind, and made sure we were helped, and the food is so genuine and very good indeed! :) mmm, see you soon guys! Thank you!
First time here and we will be back. Great food and amazing service, thanks Tiana. Please Keep the vegetable chicken pita on the menu
So fun! Go Sex and the City Hunt! Love the teamwork and can't wait to explore the strip!
Love this place I go here all the time best prices great selection would  deff recommend
https://www.facebook.com/Racho9226/posts/10153356786535399Please read this my friend Rachael had a horrible experience with these folks.
The breakfast hash is tasty...egg sandwich solid...all in all worth it...good service...nice people...
Ryan was very friendly great drinks and awesome food. Amazing service too. I would recommend this place to anyone.  Oh ya live music too
Excellent but a little pricy for what you get. Still very good, never dissapointing. Always order the carnavor fries and fried oreos. Definatly somthing i would recommend.
Great place for some good food. At a late hour of the night. Love the fried pbj especially.
The food was amazing and the service was superb. Would definitely recommend. The baklava was my favorite of course.
Just had a really great meal at Duzan Mediterranean Cafe & Tapas. The food was delicious, and the portions were large. Will go back again.
Great food and service !  Just stopped in and ordered to go. While I was waiting they brought me a soup to try on the house. Great service !!
Wings are really yummy And at a fair price.. Best ive had here in this area.. Customer service is ok they do need a lil work on that
Excellent service.  Good food.  Fish and chips was great.  Steak was not as good.  Bread pudding was amazing.
Food is awesome.  Service is very slow.  Customer service is ok.  Seems like the employees are so stressed they are at each other's throat.
Have had breakfast twice in last week. Food / servers excellent. Will frequent more often on next visit to town.
great with a family with kids!! food was good, staff is very friendly. pork chop and bbq was very good. plenty of food
This place and answering their phones!!!!!! Wow! Their line is ALWAYS BUSY!!!!! You can never get through to them for questions!
One of the most stupid Starbucks I had ever been!More than  10.20 clients  but only one cashier One worker making the  coffee.......
Huge lines and very stale coffee.  Yeah, it's an airport, so it can be busy, but they still could make the effort to have fresh coffee.  This stuff was clearly at least a few weeks old.  I've had Illy from people's refrigerators that tasted fresher.Service was "meh" at best.  The employees clearly didn't want to be there.
High quality food standard and service! Food are awsome, dessert is free for check in at Facebook.
Happy Hour is a go!!!!! Yummy yummy in my tummy!!!! Curry is so good! Poki is awesome!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!The best place in Vegas!!! Love everything here. Clean, friendly, Food is fantastic! We go here almost every week sometime twice a week.
The strawberries and cream waffle was AMAZING! The truck so gorgeous and super clean inside. Also, they took debit which was very convenient since I didn't have cash on hand.
Love this place.  Yummy chicken. The house dressing for the salads is awesome.  The drive through can be a little slow in the evening.
Very good service and quick. Great price. Ronnie is very nice and funny. Good customer service would recommend to everyone.
The best smog experience I've ever had. Ronnie is amazing. Five star experience! While I was there my mom started choking and Ronnie sprung into action and saved her life. Ronnie is a true hero, and he may be an even better smogger.
Great service fast and friendly. Also take competitors coupons. Not much else to say. Yelp won't take a short quick review. I guess it has to be a certain length. Hope this is long enough.
Great friendly service, no wait.    Reasonably priced. Give them a try. Located right off 215/windmill behind She'll Station
Nice dude. Of course, truck passed. Nice location directly off the freeway. He worked fast and got me on the way
Friendly staff and quick service! Can't ask for much than that!Definitely coming back here
Super fast and easy, great service. Would come back again!! Ronnie was super helpful and fast.
This is my spot when it comes to smog! Ronnie is awesome, and I love the snacks!Quick and easy, takes 5 minutes. Love hanging out with this man!
Ron was great. Service was fast and simple. My car is new and literally only took 3 min. He recognized the situation and moved me ahead of 2 others because there's would have taken 10 min. Commonsense and service deserves five stars
Super friendly! Super fast! They also have candy!! Best smog experience I've had since I've been in Nevada!!
Yelpers steered me in the right direction :) super nice owners and opened Sunday's! I would recommend to come in anytime, no wait and very convenient off the 215 and windmill.
Great customer service and easy in and out!!!Came on a Sunday at 4:30 and they took me right away and I was able to have an easy pleasant experience and pay my registration in time!Would recommend to all!
Great to work with and will definitely return and recommend to friends and fam!  Fast easy in and out, very hospitable and friendly!  Can't hurt that he offers discounts too!  He's behind the Shell station to make sure you don't miss him
Fast friendly  service , super quick , easyTesting  highly recommend , one of the best places for service
Very quick excellent service!! I will be back! Thank you Ronnie for your service. It's close to home also
Best smog in town. Been using for 3 years. Always quick and efficient. And you get free water
Great service quick and easy! Right off the freeway easy to get to behind gas station!
Friendly awesome service! Ronnie had me in and out in less time than it took me to write this review!
The best auction house around. Authentic memorabilia, fast shipping! Great customer service! I highly recommend Pristine Auction to anyone.
Best auction house ever. Authenticity guaranteed. Daily auctions are a ton of fun. Something for everyone at any budget.
Can't really say more than be for food was great service great 5 star all the way  we was here back in October  and agin in March  dinner was great thanks to every one working tonite 3-3-2015
Nıce margarita bad food.
The food here is good bar food and it's always a nice, quiet atmosphere. The bartenders are always very nice.
Great steak sandwich with Guinness sauce.  Smoking and non smoking area.  Great service!
Grand Opening tonight! Place was packed! Food was amazing! Very friendly!  Tried the chicken Parmesan  sub... The sauce was amazing!  Garlic knots....mmm... Haven't had them in a long time!  Used to get them in NY but now the best are here in Henderson.  The cannoli was fresh and delicious!  Thanks for bringing the taste of New York to Nevada!  I'll be back!
Great meatball sub. Head Chef Chris rocks out some good food. Atmosphere is very inviting, and the staff was very friendly. Excited to go back and try more of the menu.
Really good chicken Parmesan! Good service and great menu. Very surprised with the desserts too!
The chicken cordon Bleu panini... yum! The soups I've tried are also very good. They come with fresh warm bread. Friendly staff and clean. They are definitely more than just a sandwich place.
Good not great.  I had the Underboss sub.  It tasted good and the bread was very fresh but the value wasn't there.  It had a big shortage of meat.
Always a pleasure shopping here, Great deals with delightful Customer Service, bravo to Linda in Men's Shoes!!
Had awesome time. Lots of beers and cheers. Very sunny. Dog friendly. Had two different bands and food trucks. Some games. Nice to support the local area breweries.
Went there for lunch. Loved the server but food is tasteless and bland. I don't see the value for what you get.
I am very disappointed! Horrible customer service! Cashier is very racist. Now understand why this place does not grow.
Not open 24/7.... just wasted my time going there.  Please change this.  So other people don't waste their gas and time.
Nice addition to this part of town as a local its nice to grab some snacks on way to container park amazing desserts!!!!! love the set up !!!
Awesome food the service is great. Decoration is nice, Mexican draft beer beat that, the music is at the right level and by the way is great
My wife and I stumbled upon this place by accident. Now we want one in San Diego. One word to describe the Tapas Brunch.... AMAZING!!!!
Not exactly up to the mark. Lot of hype. Expensive. Chicken dish is okay. Only good point was salsa and chips.
Great service. Excellent menu. Nice fire outside when the weather allows.  Best Brussels sprouts ever ever!!!
Food was good, service was less than acceptable.  Bartendar rarely checked in with us.  Although we told him we wanted to eat, he took a long time to get back to take our order.  The bar was not busy, he spent most of his time talking with someone he apparently knew.
What a great place for Saturday lunch and drinks.  Service was great and we will be back.
It's a wonderful restaurant!!!! A good choice if you want to try some Japanese food. The rice on the bento box is mix white and black together,that's my favorite type!
Such a cute local place! Delicious food & great service! Plus it's super affordable. There is a huge menu full of discounts that you can get pretty much all day. Plenty f space and perfect for a late night dinner or to stop in for a quick lunch break. Would definitely recommend stopping in and trying it out!
Good service good food good priceI liked the crabs in the fish tank infront of the door very fresh. I hope they get live fishes asap for fresh sashimi
I love there portion size and the price is decant. There tempura is really good, love the sushi here too it's a must eat at place ;)
Pretty good food and not expensive. And the portion is enough too.I had the lunch special with ramen and spider roll.
Looking for a quick place to grab a bite to eat while waiting for our flight to go home. Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. Good food & quick service!! Super nice server
Great food, service, and price ! Give it a try ! I had the beef teriyaki lunch special and plan on coming back ...
good sushi, good location for student. U can have free deserts when u write yalp . Place not small
IT's very delicious ! I"ll come back ! Salad is quite good, bento box tastes good as well, I'm pretty that I'll come back another time.
Good sushi purple rice convenient location by the university Weird toppings on the rolls but overall good flavor
The BBQ short ribs is good. The Bento Box is great! :) I like the California Roll and Combo A for three is enough. The salad bar has seaweed salad! Besides, this restaurant is really close to UNLV, great place for students.
Great spot for lunch !!! They give you lots of food for just $10 !!! Food taste yummy ;)
Good food and delicious dessert!!!Love this place~Great deal at the lunch special!
So da gooooooooooooood :3'................soo da yaaas. Food is good. Music is good. Pretty relaxing place
Great food. Love the ramen. Definitely will come again soon Recommended for everyone. Very cheap good on  my wallet
Best nail place I've been too! :-). Very nice and classy on the inside and the staff are all very friendly and accommodating!
Great store....love the set up and the new operating. Floor plan. Great customer service and friendly staff.
Formerly the Cheyenne Saloon. Great atmosphere and very friendly & welcoming staff. Cheap drinks and live music. Cheyenne Saloon used to be mainly metal bands only,  but this place will have entertainment everyone can enjoy.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Everything I have tried has been fabulous!!  I love the juices but my all time fav had to be the Vitality Energy Bowl.  I can't wait for the weather to warm up so I can walk over for lunches!
Good food, nice atmosphere, and friendly staff. Waited a while for refills and check, everything else made up for that. I love then change, the Ihop needed to go!
This place is closed!!!!  Tried calling and no answer so I drove up and they are closed.
Great food and nice area. definitely worth it!!  close to home and very convenient as well. Food selection is sooo awesome!! so good and big portions too. Staff is very polite and friendly they even boxed our to go food for us which is a plus for me coz im lazy!!! lol i love it ill be back for sure
Service was fast and the bulalo was really good! Bistek Tagalog is always satisfying!
Super good two days in a row. The pho was great def coming back.  The chicken and beef was very taste.
Horrible customer service.  Below mediocre food, attitudes and dirty utensils/cups. My stomach is turning flips now. Thanks
Where do I begin...honest, integrity, quick and service! Best and honest!! I have been going to Stacy for years and he is the best.
Taquitos !! To go. The staff were friendly and the gas was cheap. Lots of options and it's right beside McDonalds!
Again love this place :)) amazing food. Amazing people. Everyone is so friendly. They have the most amazing food ever. Basically I am saying that they r amazing!!!!!!!!!!
The chandelier will blow your minds!! Has three different rooms. Best DJ's and best service in Vegas!
Stunning Venue and Amazing Talent! Highly recommend on celebrating anything here! The Heart of Omnia is my favorite, they play a variety of music inside! Def 5 stars from us!
Sick club, amazing service and great atmosphere! You will not be disappointed! Ask for PJ AT THE DOOR, he is the VIP host and is quite the charmer!
Ask for Boa!! She keeps my feet on point! She takes her time and always puts me back on the streets with amazing feet!
Expensive. Over priced and overrated. $10 for a burger with no side. I ordered the actual zin burger which I did not like due to the goats cheese. Did a " make your own burger" with cheddar. Good but not worth $9.50.
You get what you pay for, an amazing, quality burger. The wait staff may be a bit homely but are really nice. Truly hearts of gold!
Great burger, great fast service and a delicious Bloody Mary!  Our waitress was friendly and she brought our drinks out right away. Even the barbecue sauce to dip the crispy onion rings was good. Not too tart or tangy but a good BBQ flavor.
Good vibes. Good music. Good people.Dropped by on a Saturday afternoon during a visit from California, and it was exactly what we needed. The bartender was cool, made strong drinks, played some great old hip-hop, and even recommended a few places to check out later at night. Will be back.
Great seafood & BBQ come for dinner and a show! Request Matthew for the best waiter!!!!!!Best seafood in the area
Awesome! Staff is always nice and informing. My favorite restaurant. The food is the best seafood in town.
Tonite I went the shrimp scrawny not their usual service very disappointed.  I've gone to the Mesa location & OMG big juicy shrimp & snow crab this time I was very disappointed.  The shrimp scrawny she'll was stuck to the shrimp.  I felt like the hoodwinked me this was just bad. Not happy at all.
Ben was awesome!  Great food- some of the best service I've ever had!!  I loved my food- it was plentiful and tasted awesome!  Also- happy hour prices are hard to beat!!
Great food and service. I strongly recommend the amber mule and crab legs. If you like good food this is the place to go to.
Had a great cheeseburger yesterday, topped with all the fixings.  Delicious!   Very clean dining area and Super friendly service.
Prime rib and mushrooms are very good. We got our food to go. The service we did get was friendly and respectful. We will defiantly return and maybe eat there next time.
Quite pleased with this little place. Pizza is good & the owners are attentive. The House Salad isn't just a side salad, it's a meal itself with good mixed greens, etc.
Yummy, cheap, and clean! Love the revolving bar too! My husband and I end up going here almost every date night just because we love it so much. And we've tried other sushi places, they don't compare!
Excellent pizza!!! Was ready when was supposed too be, and the employees we awesome. I think we found our replacement for north end. The chicken fingers were good too.
What a great place !! The service was amazing and the food was the best !! . The all around experience was great . I'll definitely be back for more .
Awesome food, great service. I will return frequently! I was very satisfied with my chipotle wrap. Fresh ingredients, awesome flavor...
Great food, good service.  Portions were large and came out hot! We will definitely go back again.
Good value Good serviceGreat pancakes i had the hazelnut first timeOff the hook!Really liked the place i would dare to say their pancakes are best in vegas
This place was so bomb! Loved their breakfast. The banana nut bread French toast was so good. Will definitely be back to try other menu items.
Candy candy candy!!!!!!! They got it all. This place is so cooooool. Try the big box of mike and Ike's or Larry taffy!!! Yummy!
Leaving Vegas a day early due to sub-par hotel...  Will not return.Check in lines for 30+ minutes? 2 people working the check-in area.Check out lines to get receipt because the TV check out system didn't work?Bell Desk told me one thing, Front Desk said - NO WAY, that's not right...Jack hammer running next to Hash House restaurant.  My seat was vibrating from the construction and the noise was horrible.Chili at Guy Fieri's restaurant was average and non-impressive.Resort fees that are required when the services are not requested or required or used...  Understand this is a standard fleecing policy by hotels these days and pure profit generators, but not happy.Low price for sure, but as always.... you get what you pay for...
This place is pretty nice been here since Saturday checkin was pretty quick enjoyed the facility
They don't have a family pool... Charge for wifi after 2 connections... Small elevators
Fun, casual atmosphere. Fun dealers. Quick drinks. We will definitely be back here! Clean casino, hard working pit bosses.
Beware of this school, this is is scam.... I was scheduled for class and the owner/instructor cancelled 2x on me the morning of.I don't think they ever hold classes
I took at yoga class here last night; great instructor and very helpful staff. Schedule works great for me with day and evening class.
Amazing patio, great music, drinks and food. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the evening outside by the fire pit. The mixed drinks were well made and the sweet chili wings were flavorful. The pizza looked great and we heard it's delicious. A fun night out!
Clean best shop in Vegas go for the tap out it's the best deal -------------------8----------------9
The food is amazing with a great vibe!  Highly recommend the Steamed Buns and the Salmon Supreme Roll.
Great cocktails and the food is delicious!  Service was great as well.  I'd highly recommend swinging in and checking out this spot!
Good food and Great service!!!  Will  be back!Foo Dog and shishito pepper at good!  Not really busy on a Saturday night, really surprised!  Might become a goto spot new modern Asian food!!Will try the other menu items the next time!
10/10! So many drinks! So much fun to be had! Loves it. Yum yum apps, even more yum yum drinks!
Rhino Crossfit is awesome!!!!!! Great energy and lots of equipment. Everyone is always encouraging and willing to answer any questions that you have.
Great service, food and hookahs!!! Highly recommend it!! If you come to visit vegas or if you live in vegas you definetly want to come and check this place out it has the greatest customer service, excellent food and if you want a friendly and great experience you will fall in love with this place. Dont hesitate to have a wonderful time, come and enjoy yourself. You dont want to miss it!!!
Love the food, and friendly ppl work there. Nice place to chill and relax.Make sure you go and check the place out, you ganna love it.
Amazing place great vibes and great music food is amazing love all of it , bartenders are nice ... Managers are great chefs are great ... Great sound system
Best burger I have had all year!! Tasty, juicy, awesome!!! The atmosphere was friendly and lively. The beer was ok but the the burger was too good for me to notice.
Cool place. Good prices. Came here on a date and had a great time. The man loved the beer choices. Staff was super nice.
Great beer great service! This has been a local go to for us since it opened! My favored is the red ale and the strawberry and chicken salad is fantastic! I've not had a single server that wasn't great! I highly recommend this place!
Awful service !! Took forever for just drinksAnd it wasn't that busy food was ok on a side note I think it is a very well designed place.
Love the instructors. Very encouraging. They make everybody feel welcome. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in martial arts.
These guys were awesome!  Thank you for fixing my phone,  looks brand new.  I'm going to recommend them to everybody I know that needs a phone repair.
Great fast work. Great price. Great customer service. Found them on yelp and they had great reviews along with a yelp deal.  Really glad I found them.
Nutella malasadas are the best here it is made fresh to order so u might have to wait a while like 10 mins but it's MADE FRESH and it still good the next day too... Workers are nice also...
Great food. Great music. Excellent service.Waffles were not too sweet. Chicken was fried perfectly and loved the cornbread & catfish.
Awsome food, bar and atmisophere.  Must check it out.  Place is always packed so go early and enjoy.
As good or better than Tokyo Express!!! Way better than Samuri Sams-  the chicken is moist . There teriyaki sauce is really tasty and the rice is the sticky white rice I like .
Great music with David Sheehy, great wine, great food and great service!  What a local treasure.  Can't wait to come back.
the food was excellent and cheap too ,the staff was friendly, fresh from kitchen, got spicy bourbon it was so good, the best in charlotte so far their chicken wings is so yummy too its family receipe
Great food and nice waitress!  Clean restaurant and good pricesI like the musicI like fast service
Hands down they have the best persian food I've ever. Love this place. You really should try this place out. Everyone is so nice here.
Best deal in town. Bring in your own cup and get a coffee for 1.07.The staff is very friendly, plenty of tables to meet with people or to do work.This is my second office!
Awesome people and the owner super friendly. We got the chicken wings and it's to die for!
Great sandwich, had the spicy red peppers. Free fries on Friday and free ice cream everyday.
Great choice for quick inexpensive casual Mexican food! It is easy to miss just driving by but it is definitely worth stopping in! The salsa bar is especially great and I love the carne asada, rolled taco combo!
You want to eat here. Chicken basil sandwich is awesome and the fact that you can choose a beer as a side is fantastic.  Great service and great feel.
This is a great lil with some great food!! Come try it!****Bistro Steak Sandwich was good. Their Macaroni and cheese was excellent with a lil bit of spice!
Tried this place on a whim and this place is now one of our go to wing places. Great wings and love getting what they have on tap. Mostly get an ipa
Great place staff super friendly extremely help full with the menu prices are great.Food was awesome you can't go wrong good selection of cold beer upbeat atmosphere.
Really good food and really nice people...definitely a do over! They have real new York style food without the new Yorker attitude. My wife and i loved everything we ordered.
Unfriendly staff and horrible hot coffee the iced coffee is good apparently they can't sell coffee because they are always giving it away for free I like free stuff but you get what you pay for and I would go somewhere else for coffee
Great service, great people and my pool has never looked better! I highly recommend! Trustworthy hardworking they always have a smile on there face.
Bad.  Stay away.   Unless you like dry chicken and empty tacos.  Go elsewhere.   Not worth what they charge.  Better off staying hungry.
Great job! Very fast! They helped me out when I was in a bind. I gave them a call at 830 and had my keys in an hour.
Absolutely the best customer service! The sales associates were the most helpful and friendly people that I've encountered at a store hands down. I will definitely be back to this location.
Best raw/vegan restaurant I have eaten at. I visit often when in the Charlotte area. Have not been disappointed by anything ordered and service is fast.
Atmosphere A plus Food A plus Service A plus Really nice place, great music and ambiance, we will be back for sure.
A must try! Beautiful ambience and terrific terrace. We had the shrimp pasta, baked ricotta and deviled eggs, all all of which were delicious, but the ricotta was one of the most delicious morsels I've ever had!
Excellent food and Service from Jessica G. !! She's awesome!!!  Great wine selection too.
Amazing food & atmosphere!  Great customer service.  This place has the feel of the fun San Francisco restaurants we go to on vacation.
Always a great time when I come here! Food is delicious and the servers are great!!! I also love the decor and the atmosphere there! I always come for dinner but I want to try they're brunch menu my next visit!!!
Thanks Tien, food was great and so was the service! Will come back again. Weather is perfect for outdoor eats.
decent wine selection and food.  the layout and tables are a bit too much.  also give yourself time if you need to see a movie; they do not move fast
Awesome flavored specialty cocktails. A bit pricey but they are good drinks. My favorite is the grande dame and Swedish flower. The grande dame will creep up on you. You don't taste it so strong at first because it's mixed so well with other flavors but it has hennessie in it. It's kind of small but I guess it's okay of a place to hang out for a few drinks before going out or if your just hanging out. It's right in the middle of the casino.
Typical McDonalds inside the mall. Fast, clean, courteous employees. Food was as one might expect here. Large seating area. Many seniors.
They close at 8pm not 9pm BOOO!!!!! Got turned away!! Lame-Os!! Change your times, 8:30pm smoothie dreams crushed!!
YOL (Yummmmmmm Out Loud)Black & BlueYOL!Yelp always wants you to be wordy, but the above says it all!
Some of the best bbq I've ever had and prices aren't that bad at all. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone
Great atmosphere. Wonderful decor and pleasant staff. Free WiFi is always a plus. They have soup, sandwichs, pasta salads, and I had a very tasty quiche.
Best real coffee in Maricopa! The staff are friendly and the pastry is fantastic!Muffins and gourmet coffee is how to start your  day. Plus free Wi-Fi!
the wait staff is so slowwwww i want to die. the food was ok. i still want to die. please help me.
Great place. Great atmosphere. AWESOME people.  Super crazy on a Friday night but well worth the wait
Very clean, helpful and knowledgable staff. Got some Puff Red Bully from them and can't wait to try it out.
Never had a problem here! Always have a good time! Always treated like a queen. My favorite flavor for now is Mega Melons by Cuttwood. I've nearly finished off the 120 mil I bought a couple weeks ago. Totally worth it. Bring Molly Smacker back!
Never had a problem here! Always have a good time! Always treated like a queen. Great staff! Tons of flavors! Walk in and feel like family! Personally, I come in to vapor and for hooka. Come on in and have a great time. So glad I found Plumes. I don't know what I'd do without this place.
Okay....not as impressive inside as out. The food doesn't live up to the name, especially for the price.
Impressed! Inexpensive, tasty, greasy goodness!!Great service too!I had the ultimate pepperoni with garlic crust
Best gluten free pizza I've found yet in the valley! And really reasonable. The wings are good too but you can't go wrong with that gluten free pizza.
This place is phanominal. I can just get a slice o pizza or a half a sub. I love it. It's also very clean and the staff is super friendly. THANKS
Great food and awesome owners!!!  I have always been treated phenomenally whenever we have ordered food from here.
Friendly, professional and fast! Go see Mike for quality car service. I got the Groupon alignment which was a great deal.
Best quesadilla I've had in years. The ingredients are delicious and the portion is huge. The killa dilla is only $8.50.
I am not convinced. Mattress seems cheap and simple. No special materials used. One showroom,  and a few geeks with their macs in the middle who get their business going. Modern concept with cheap features.
Fresh food! Great service and clean shop! Sandwiches are amazing! Oh and doughnuts are always fresh and. Delicious!
Fuck the place because their food is like sheet it looks like they make white their feet and the costumer service is so bad that they took like 25:00 mint to take the food
My favorite place to relax. Anthony, Jenny and the gang are awesome! The spa pedicures, gels and designs are a specialty.  And a bonus is they are open seven days a week.
Best customer service and they make my nails look perfect every time I visit !! All the workers do a great job, but Jenny is always on point and she pays attention to detail. The shop smells amazing, super clean and organized. Everyone is so friendly and welcoming every time I am there.
Best tacos in downtown PHX!!! Brunch items are delicious as well. Chips & salsa are bangin, we gave been there 3 time & I've gotten 3 different meals all of them delicious!!!
$3 Paz margarita is delicious. Chips and salsa - great too!! Chill atmosphere. First Friday there is extremely fun!
Must have margaritas & street corn!!  P. S. This is an updated review since the parking lot has been updated and we beat our $290 parking ticket from several months ago. Thanks Paz!!
The food was pretty good but the service was horrible. Took forever for everything. Nice atmosphere (a little loud) but I will try it again. The quesadillas were awesome and the guacamole as well!!
Great food, casual atmosphere, cool artwork, good music and outdoor games!! The prices are extremely reasonable.
Great service, great value, great margaritas for $3!  First time here, and we love it.  The setting is nice with great outdoor seating in a hip part of Phoenix.  Will come again.
Some of the best mexican food in the Phoenix area! :) You should order the carnitas tacos!
Good food and great service. My family enjoyed our visit. Our waiter did a good job following up with our table.
Great food and super fast service. The pangoa is probably the best thing on the menu. Staff and Manager are always incredibly friendly and helpful
My home away from home!!!   Very relaxing with a great crowd and excellent food.  I love the pool. Better than a hotel on the strip.  :)
Great pizza, great service. I will be here again for sure. Great local spot. Prices were great considering how fresh the ingredients were. Super excited they carry my favorite beer Sierra Nevada too.
Amazing food, great service!! I can't wait to go back. We went with a large group and sampled a lot of different items off the menu.
The Korean restaurant is great! I will definitely visit again! I ordered fired rice last time. I really love the flavor!
Loved the grilled meats (chicken and kalbi). Comfort food; hot rice,fresh veggies and flavorful chicken and beef. Next time I want to try the party platters. Great food for a great price. Brown rice is also offered.
Excellent chicken w/ veggies! Great customer services and inexpensive!They customer service i amazing, veggies super fresh
Phenomenal food!!! We could eat there everyday !!! With those prices it's tempting not to go there every single day ! I love their chicken box.. The lava sauce is delicious and the rice is super yum
Hair in the chicken batter. Food is good but this is gross and easily preventable with good hygiene and diligence following health code rules.
Best Chicken and there donuts are delicious . Highly recommended!!!!! Only downside no fountain drinks or official soda can but,overall great food
Awesome!  You simply have to have sushi here! Make sure to try the special rolls. The service is super fast! Love it.
This Japanese cuisine is next level. Every dish served was original and creative. Very palatable!
Their cookie dough bites taste like crap. Other than that, it was your typical frozen yogurt place.
Very good Thai food and service! Brand new and very clean interior. The Thai tea was at the perfect sweetness, the Tom Kom Kai (coconut soup) was unique and very pleasing.
The service was less that I expected. We lost the server 1/2 way through the meal. We  did not get offered salad, a refill on beverage or dessert. Had to ask for check. Manager did apologize and picked up appetizer and wine for lack of service. The food was good, so we will give them another chance
Fantastic Happy Hour! Great friendly service. Awesome food! Try the patio Ina Saturday afternoon - bottomless prosecco!
Excellent and a beautiful restaurant!  I was visiting from Las Vegas and when I arrived I was so impressed.  The restaurant is so upscale and the wine selection is large and reasonable too.  The pasts was excellent  and the kale salad a must.  Portions are large too.
Very sad to find out that Joey & Gina's is closed down.  Sign on the door from city. I would love to know more about what happened here. This was a GREAT place!!! I miss it already :(
Great Thai food! Wonderful selection. Family owned. I like the atmosphere, very clean. The customer service is good. Very attentive and nice. They have a good selection of meat and vegetarian choices. I will definitely bring my family and friends here!
Great customer service and the best flavor ever!  I would recommend the Tom Nak Soup with coconut milk.  Amazing!
Awesome Thai food selection, good price, friendly service & yummy.  Great lunch menu and delicious ginger tea.
Hours are not correct. Thanks for the waste of my time. When I called the number I couldn't understand the woman on the other line that was making excuses for closing early.
Awesome deals and sales reps very helpful bought two rifles and very happy with my purchases.   Definitely be back soon.
Great service. Delicious food. Cool atmosphere. Heard a lot of great things about this place and it delivered on every spot. Very similar to Arrogant Butcher, especially when it comes to the delicious pretzel bun on the turkey pastrami, but those are not comparrisons to shy away from. The deviled eggs with prosciutto tasted fresh and the M.A.C. burger was simple, yet savory.
Great service. Great evening. Thank you !!  Ryan is a rockstar!! The entire staff went above and beyond making an epic Super Bowl Event!  Well done all!!
It was a great night here!!! Great staff! Very awesome vibe! Good food! I would definitely come back again. The only think to say about this place is don't come hungry and expect to wait about an 1.5 hours or more.
Love their Kale salad.  The pretzels with fondue I rocks!  Great service. Fun energy.  Highly recommend.
Another great Fox Restaurant . Steak and potatoes for the win ! The pork nachos weren't as good as expected , the cheese was too much . On the other hand the pretzel fondue was the bomb.com. My drinks were to strong and the waiter was more than happy to get me something else . Would go again !
Friendly prompt service.  Good food for a new and developing location.  Great if you are looking for a quick bite that is on par with the price point.
Oh my gosh! I've died and gone to heaven! Chicken and waffles are the best! So glad it's a block from home! Never thought I'd see the day this mall and restaurants would be here!
Excellente cuisine Mexicaine authentique tout était délicieux le service était super aussi
The guacamole is amazing! The rest of the food was good too.. Rice is a little bland. They deliver in Tempe which is awesome when I'm lazy.
The food is great...I highly recommend the strawberry cilantro margarita...so goodFood is authentic and not greasy...one of the best Mexican food restaurants in south Tempe.
Good place to eat everything was perfect. I would recommend this to my friend's.Steak very juicy
Great store... love it here. We always makes a stop here when we are in the neighborhood
Delicious, authentic, and easy on the wallet! Casual laid back environment and friendly staff. Good for eat in or take out.Has vegetarian friendly options. Bottom line, great flavors and good quality!
Long overdue review ! Such an amazing place my eyebrows always look perfect. The price is also very reasonable and great customer service.
The best place to get your eyebrows done!!! I have been coming for several months and Mona is a big professional with his job. I really recommend to come here and try it.
Great service :) very attentive and made my hard taco shells fresh . Yummm. I will come back and bring my friends
My once per week lunch spot. Clean, fast, & new. Good service & food portions. Great idea to open this location!
Authentic. Great flavor. Makes you wish to have seconds. Save space for the cannoli. Kids love it. Coffee is Lavazza.
Too slow, waited 40min to get my dish. Too salty. It is weild yelp wont let me post review if i give only 1 star.
Great meatball sub. Excellent service especially from Jake and Adam! Will definitely have again!
wonderful。。。 。。。。。。。。。。walked away the most relaxed in years. will come back again！！！！！！！！！！
I fantasize about this place in my free time.Viva Chicken consistently puts out delicious and healthy food. Their staff is courteous, friendly and thankful. I suggest Viva Chicken to anyone and everyone in Charlotte.
Nothing but great food and service!! Love this place! Consistently delicious every time we go. I plan to try everything on their menu...so far I've not been disappointed. Yum!
Great burgers.  The fries are awesome, nice and crispy. You have to try the milkshakes.  So good.
Very clean, yogurts are great not as many choices! Perfect place for kids love the furniture and the atmosphere. 54cents an oz little pricey but good.
Great food, good prices, DELICIOUS sweet tea.I've had both the turkey sandwich and the Italian sandwich and both were very flavorful. They don't skimp on the meat or toppings, and their sides are good sized as well. My parents love the muffaletta.
The Pastrami was fatty and greasy . Not what I expected for $7.99! The help was very nice and there was a large variety to choose from. The place was very smoky and my cloths now smell I believe from frying the pastrami.
Love this place! Amazing food and amazing people who work there. Always so friendly. The salads are to die for. Always fresh ingredients on all their items.
Got my iPhone 6 screen fixed here. It was quick, convenient, and a great deal! They even gave me a free screen protector and installed it for me. I would definitely recommend them to anyone with a broken screen.
It was delicious!!! Best BBQ in town. This is a new favorite. We will def be coming back .  Probably more frequently than we should!
Such a treat to find real BBQ! Brisket was some of the best I've had. Friendly staff. New favorite
My new favorite BBQ place! The pork tacos are amazing, and the service is great. Overall the place is very easy to find with plenty of parking. Super clean and friendly.
Billy's is serving up authentic southern BBQ!  It use to be so hard to find great barbecue in this town!  Not anymore!  The pulled pork is my favorite-tender, juicy and perfectly balanced with just the right amount of smokiness.
it's very good!!!  good good     we like sooo much i love the green tea. really good will coming next time
I love Macaron Cafe. They are delicious and a great gift idea.....Itzhac and Beni are awesome. Customer service is excellent. Try the pistachio and coconut. There is also a second location at Arrowhead so you have double the chances of getting these great cookies.
Deliciousness!! Come try them.. Super nice staff!; mi favorites are Nutella, coconut, almond; although, I have not tried them all!
Macarons are amazing here and Alexis was beyond helpful!!  I drive from Surprise for these! They are the best!!!!
Best place to find ur fav snack :) could find anything like that in a long time, good price and great stuff, thank you
They have the best matcha macaroons!I love them so much!I always buy a lot of them whenever I go to Fashion Square!They even come in with nice box when you buy a lot.They aren't even too sweet for me.This is the best macaroon I had try so far in Arizona.
Amazing Macarons! Delicious flavors! Can't wait to come back! Linda was a great help and so sweet!
Carpets are dirty. Old furniture and appliances. Beds not that comfortable. The upside??? Right off freeway. Restaurants nearby. They have rooms with kitchens. You can get a room with a view of the courtyard and pool which is nice only at night. Also can have sliding doors that lead to the courtyard and pool or a really small balcony on the 2nd floor. I only stay here because my company has a corporate account and I don't have to pay. If I would have to pay, I wouldn't stay.
So authentic. Yummy breads, yummy entrees. Homemade. They are about to add groceries!
Great food and authentic taste!Goat Masala and Fish Curry are awesome!Lately,  this has been my regular spot...
Would highly recommend their hand-made fried noodles and green onion pancakes!Don't forget to ask for their homemade hot sauce.
Nothing short of amazing. Best massage I've ever had, and I'm picky! I also tried the flotation therapy. It was different, but very relaxing. I will definitely return.
Not a good idea to not have free chips snd salsa. The food and service were good otherwise.
Always  great food. Breakfast is the best. The pancakes are yummy  and their Mexican plates are so good
Food and service was amazing!! Highly recommend. Best french toast and homemade hash browns ever. If you are in the area, you should definitely have breakfast here.
Great prices and awesome customer service! Worked with Ty who was very helpful and friendly. Just moved here from Michigan and he was extremely helpful with answering our questions and after 3 nights of sleeping on the floor, we will now be enjoying our new memory gel foam bed for many years to come! Thanks Mattress Firm!
Very good food Very good serviceNice buffetTandoori chicken very deliciousEvery one should go for Sunday special buffet
Awesome I absolutely loved the yummy pizza you got to love this place it has all your wildest dreams
Amazing burger, amazing shakes would recommend. Also pretty decent service I will be back
Food was excellent service was super no complaints. I will be back. Great job. Our patty melts were very tasty and made the way we asked for. We were seated and waited on in less than 5 minutes food came out hot and in less the 10 minutes.
Quick stop before heading to Nogales ! Here from Venice, California ! Nice clean area to rest and use the restroom. Pretty clean.
Fresh and fast. No complaints from me. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good wheel in FH.
Delicious local bakery. I love their various pastries, especially the almond croissants and muffins. I'll often get a loaf of cranberry pecan sourdough bread intending to eat it over a few days, although it rarely lasts that long. Although they only have drip coffee, the coffee is excellent -- they're a Commonplace roast, and it tastes just like what you'd get at one of the Commonplace coffee shops.
Man good times.  Good happy hour.  Good food.    I'll be back and bring friends.  I'm really picky cause I just moved from NM and the food there is so yummy. This is good
Super nice! Excellent selection and service :) they had what I needed so I bought more than I planned. I will definitely be back :-)
Amazing sevice! They helped with everything I needed and info    Great deals on my products.
Amazing sevice! They helped with everything I needed and info was great.  I will use them often.
What a gem! Great food, atmosphere, and service. The boards and bruschetta are wonderful!
Great specials, great food, great drinks. What else do you need? It's tucked in a corner on the golf course in the neighborhood. But don't mistake t for some country-club-membership-paying place. It has the class without the exclusivity. Very fun
I am in LOVE. this place is amazing! they has samples to try and they were all great. this is just what this city needs!
Affordable. Convenient location. Payal does a great job on eyebrows!!! I did not wait long at all. Nice area and it beats going through a crowded mall.
The burgers are delicious. Great atmosphere. Lacked in good service.Try the oxtail chili cheese fries. They are delicious. We also had the garlic edamame and that too was yummy. The burgers have a unique taste so just go in with an open mind and try them how they come.
Deliciousness. Thoroughly enjoyed the place. Great food; great service. This is a spot to take your friends for sure
Best pho in vegas; clean pleace, love it. @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
Absolutely no frills but stewardship was awesome we got xmas songs in flight and she made funny cracks furing flight made the flight more enjoyable
Very disappointed. And, I believe the place has already closed their doors. The pub is located very near where I live so I was hopping we would enjoy the place. The staff seemed very apathetic. Poor selection of draft beers. Food pricy for what you got. No wonder the place didn't make it...
Love the staff! I feel like a new person after leaving! Not a huge fan of being adjusted but the doctor put me at ease and I'm happy I agreed.
Great teachers. My new favorite thing is parent survival night. It is also a fun place to host birthday parties.
Love the food everything is delicious!!! We had the chicken burgers is perfection the meatballs sandwich so great the have for dessert chocolate mousse tiramisu mmmm great
Love everything about it. I've been waiting for an authentic Italian sandwich shop in Chandler for a long time and this place is exactly what I wanted. The owner is from Italy and his standards are very high. Amazing place.
Clean place, but no Tuesday special? That sucks when I feed my crew. Maybe the manager can change that policy.
Cute and affordable things in this shop from jeans to shorts to jewelry. Very good for gifts! I love Knee Deep Denim!
Delicious and authentic. A new favorite.The food was served hot, and every dish exceeded my expectations. The staff was courteous and attentive, without being pushy. We could see employees hand-making dumplings; their effort is worthwhile as these are the best dumplings I've had in Pittsburgh. Overall, a great experience.
1st time here and love it!  Will be back again for sure! :) Great staff and wonderful service!  Nails and more!
Just amazing food they have there. Nice place to relax. Fast service, the staff is so friendly to you.
Good comfort food, loved the shuffle board and bar vibe. Super nice staff! Would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
Tempura Asparagus is a Must here! -)Anything less would be uncivilized ,, just sayin,, love this place!!
Truly a terrific experience!Samantha was wonderful, thorough and talented When in back in town, I'm looking her up!
Great service. Honest & Professional. Highly recommend them. They even came all the way out to Maricopa.If you need your AC worked on, give them a call, you will not be disappointed.
I live within walking distance and this is super welcoming. Military friendly! Nice place to sit and have a nice coffee date .
Great costumer service decent price and great quality !  Walked in and immediately was serviced and out the door most places take an hour to an hour and a half to fix phones but it only took them 45 minutes so it was a great experience. Will defiantly be going there if something else breaks or cracks so
Absolutely amazing. Best tasting ice cream I've ever had!!!!  Really impressed with the technology.  Customer service was wonderful!!
Good food and service love this place so much more since Vicky took over check it out and tell Vicky hi and best of luck
Excellent customer service and the food came fast and tasted great as well! This is a tasty homestyle diner and i would recommend coming here. The food is better than half the food at the restaurants in the casinos on the strip!
Fresh and flavorful.  Fast and friendly service.  Will try calamari next time. The fish and chips were perfectly cooked flaky without being dry and the batter was light and crispy.
Fresh cod, beer batter, fresh scallops, must try!!  Onion ring is super yummy. Not greasy like other places  I know. Nice taste of beer batter. Home made cold slow is tasty. Over all Services is great. inside Restaurant is very clean. Everyone who likes fish and chips is a must try this place!
I was convinced upon walking in to try it out...I obliged!  Id eat here again... I ordered the small fish n chips.
Excellent fish very fresh! Great coleslaw and fries too! No grease smell was a plus! Great service and very friendly
This place is great...try any of the pastas or salads they're amazing. Can't  wait to try the breakfast items.
Very tasty sandwich and chili. Very friendly staff. Good bakery but somewhat limited selection of baked goods - bread, cookies, cake.
Waits can be little long(weekends) plan accordingly!We were visiting Madison and heard of this place and we were in the area so planned on stopping here.The Pizzas we ordered were: 1. Featured Pizza without Bacon and 2. Make your own pizza with eggs, smoked Gouda, basil - WOW! My first time eating pizza with eggs and this was awesome! They do have a decent collection of craft, local beers.
$7 lunch special with soup. The food is really greasy tho and the chow mein came with the lunch special is really blend.
Excellent customer service! Family-oriented, friendly agents! Affordable insurance with the best coverage!
Really great pizza! Great toppings & thin crust!! I got a Meatman with pineapples & jalapenos...so good! Pizza is done in 4 minutes so it's super fresh. My daughter got an all pesto with pepperoni & black olives that she loved! We will definitely be back!
Amazing food, even better service . Two thumbs up guys !  Ordered a customized pizza and not only was it absolutely delicious but it came out in a timely matter. I do recommended sticking to a few ingredients opposed to choosing every single one just because it's free toppings . Trust me you'll enjoy your pizza more by not overloading your pizza
Love the beef rolls and cold noodles!!!You should always try these when you are here.
Traveling in Vegas and yelped liang's. Amazing Taiwanese food! Fried beef wrap and beef noodle soup are highly recommended!
Nice, friendly and helpful customer service!Forgot to include my note but still good service.Thank you.....
Good for a quick bite. Portions are generous and staff is attentive. We ordered the spaghetti and the eggplant Parmesan. Spaghetti sauce was too much like tomato sauce and the eggplant was not crisp like I prefer but the flavored were there. I wouldn't come here if I'm looking for something gourmet but for a weekday pizza night it's perfect.
So good! The best Filipino food this side of town. The Turon is so yummy and made with Jackfruit.
Always a fun time and friendly staff. Food is really good, a little expensive but still good. I love that we can sit and relax and have fun hitting balls.
Great place for everyone to have a good time!Love the music and it's cool no matter what age
Service was bad the waiters failed to do the job they are paid to do. Quite sad I hope next time they can help fill my drink and serve the food I pay for instead of talking to their boyfriends. That would be amazing if they did.
It was a fun time with friends.  The food was good and drinks were awesome. I dislike only having tall chairs to sit on because I have short legs and like to touch the ground.
Try it today. Excellent food. Thai Fusion with thicker sauces. Will definitely be back.  Food isn't like all the other Thai places. Treat yourself and try Table Thai.
Really awesome place to dining #great food great service #will come to see you again ^~^
Delicious spicy thai food with unique flavors. And the service was great! Enjoyed the pad kee mow and dumplings. And the tofu appetizers
Best pie I've ever had by far!!!! The staff is super nice and helpful! My mother in law made me get her a pie and now I'm hooked.
Best food !! Good price !! Awesome service !! Amazing place.I like Pad thai and Tom Yum Noodle Soup .Everything fresh !!
Had such a lovely experience dining at Bardot.  The service was great.  Fun atmosphere but a little loud in the main dining area.  The food was excellent!  Our server personally offered items that he tried himself and they were great choices.  I look forward to coming back here on any future trips to LV.
love everything about this salon i would definitely recommend to anyone!!!! I leave HAPPY everytime :-D SABRINA AND SHANNON ARE AWESOME.....
Excellent service and eggs benedict! Travis the manager is the absolute best. He will give phenomenal recommendations. Come back again to order from the secret menu!
Finally Tempe has a breakfast spot.  Snooze clearly prides itself on being more than just an eatery.  Great food, atmosphere, and SERVICE!  Highly recommend the corned beef hash and danish blueberry pancakes!  Every member of the staff was dancing and smiling, again, truly an enjoyable experience.
Great place, great atmosphere, great food, and staff is friendly. If you feel like enjoying a good mimosa then head down to snooze.
Food was really yummy!! The service was great also!! Definitely go back again! Hot Chocolate was delicious wish it was a little warmer.. And the OMG French Toast was divine!! It started to rain they put up umbrella's fast and the heaters were on because it was windy and cold!!
Best breakfast ever! Our server, Phil was great!Awesome atmosphere.. Great way to enjoy Sunday
I think the food is good. The service is spotty. The prices are OK.  It is very popular, so expect to wait at any peak times.
Great service, great food. The best quality meat I've ever had, will be a frequent customer here
Sandwiches had me dripping.Great customer service.Clean place.Good food. There's so many sandwiches to choose from its  amazing I recommend everyone to come to come eat here. Chose sandwich 59 really good.The best sandwiches in Arizona!!!!!!
A little wait. But worth it! Sandwiches made from scratch. Taste awesome. Fun place and super friendly owners. Just said Hook me up and got free chips. Owner also gave us free sandwiches for our wait. Good business. We'll be back.
Best Sandwiches in town! Great service! High quality ingredients and overall excellent experience. Will for sure come back.
Great food and service! We will definitely return. We had the razzle dazzle and rock and roll cheese steak. Delish!
Food was good, but not good enough to make up for the horrible service. Girlfriends food came out 30min before mine and was cold by the time mine was out. Waiter was pushy and made me feel rushed. Restraunt  was cramped and uncomfortable. Hardly got checked on for refills, additional orders or overall experience.
Great place, friendly staff! The food is amazing!I really love the minced pork over rice and the serving is huge. Also, the choice of sitting outside is nice when the weather is amazing!
Good place... service was good and the atmosphere is trendy.  Something new and different.    Good service makes it worthwhile
Sydney always does an awesome job.   She has been cutting my hair for over 5 years.  New facility that is spotless in an easy to reach location.
Great atmosphere! Great haircut!! Alexis cuts my hair. Old school style barbershop with a salon feel.
Poor customer service. I felt as if it was a hassle for them to help me out. When asking for a simple demo it felt half assed. Just stick to sephora
Bread and orange rolls that are to DIE for! Came in with my friend Shannon for some loaves. The owner took to time to chat with and gave us samples of the PB&C brownie (go try it!)While talking to my friend, he put a brownie in our bag. We went back, because my friend is a believer of Karma. :-) When she came back out, she said that he told her not to worry about it. DEFINITE class act there!
Great shop. Got everything I needed and for a good price. And I got a discount as well
Sehr Lecker, Sehr Freundlich, Gemütlich und gute Preise, was will man mehr. Auch gut für zB. Stammtische ect. geeignet.
The ambience is amazing. The shop is very chic..they have every nail color and beverage you can think of. Be prepared to spend a little more on your services. Pedicures $35and up...I think a basic pedicure may be $25..but it's just that basic.
Chill place with a big selection :) Definitely will be coming back since it's close by.
Great drinks! Awesome food! We will definitely be back. The fried chicken was scrumptious.  We loved their deviled eggs, too. They have such a great ambiance.  The decor was awesome!
Just as good as in Miami. Best chicken biscuits, the Benedict was delicious, and the bacon doughnuts are as good as they sound. Exceptional service, great food, 5 well-deserved stars.
Service - 5Decor -5Food - 4Get the "Old Skool", you can't go wrong.It's large enough to share. If you're familiar to the standard chicken and waffles thing...this surely will top the list, being an experience especially with the special sauce and watermelons.My two cents, go a la carteEnjoy
Get the chicken and waffles. Better than RoscoesLove this place!!!!  Bone marrow is a must. Everyone will want their own. My husband devoured the short ribs. He's very picky about short ribs but he loved it. The meat was fall off the bone and the garlic bordelaise sauce was a perfect complement to the mashed cauliflower. Also, service is warm and friendly. Everything we come to Vegas, we come here.
Comfortable place, not very vegan friendly but the waiter was helpful, mango salad was good, mimosa too:)
Fantastic yet again! Come check the place out! Over 20 craft beers to try!Burgers and pizza are greatService is awesome too! Waitress and bartenders are pleasant
Super delicious!  Wow!  This little gem is a little known wonder.  Inside ambiance is simple, but the food is really good.
This place is awesome!  Creative, delicious and HUGE slices!  Be sure to try one of the special pies.  I've yet to have a bad one.
"Pizza the size of my infant son!"-Me, upon my first visitI highly recommend taking advantage of the monthly specials. Most of the time, the flavors are rather adventurous and tend to offer quite a range of flavor for a pizza. Also, the beer selection is worthy of being paired with some good pizza.
Great, huge, tasty slices of New York style pizza. Love it! Staff is easy to talk with. Great place for a quick bite before a night on the town!
Literally the best pizza in Charlotte if you like thin crust the size of your face!! When you walk in the people are super nice and friendly. It's been a date spot for me and my lady when we want a chill night. And they are open late!!
Amazing team!  They worked their butts off!!  Mark Friday is your man!! Had a company I called last time and they cost more and didn't get as half as much as this team did!  Def recommend!
Daniel & Mark are hard working & very professional! I highly recommend this company! Whenever I need carpet cleaning this company is honest & the price is what they say. It's better than any carpet Cleaners I've tried before.
Amazing! It is bliss for you taste buds and tummy. A friend ordered the Cuban in the morning and we picked it up after work. Freshly baked bread! Perfection!
Best food I've eating in a long time. The mofongo was amazing.  The service was great and the owner made sure that we were taken care of.
Great food, and staff! If you havnt been in since the remodel...its a MUST!! Happy hour alone $3 well/wine/and draft and $3 off ALL appetizers 3-6pm AND 9-cl. This menu is for sure one of a kind, and your not going to find anything like it in the neighborhood.
Great place and friendly staff. Can't wait to see the store full of animals. Nice to see different animals and a variety of ATB. Will purchase from them again
Amazing in-house smoked ribs, check it out! Oh and don't forget to try the cheese sticks(bricks) as an entree or the onion rings, delicious.
Wow amazing products and can't wait to start using...amazing customer service and always available to answer any questions.  I will be recommending to many people to use these products
Love the food!! Great price!! Excellent customer service! Very friendly staff!! We Would definitely come back here!
Lunch special with Lechon and pancit was very good. Portion size was small compared to other Filipino restaurants.
Went there the other night, the food is amazing and the service is very personal.They make everything fresh and home made.
Happy birthday!!  The goat was magnificent!!!  You never fail to amaze!!! Picture with the birthday girl, looking fabulous!
Absolute best Greek that we have had across many states in US.  Mousaka and Greek salad were authentic and delicious.  Owner and his wife were gracious and welcoming.
Great service, tasty food, nice location, what's not to like!  I had the braised beef tips, they were great!  My wife had the Greek salad, which was big enough for us both (made a great snack later).  Helen, the owner, waited on us and was a delight.  We'll be back, soon!
Friendliest staff with some great food on there menu!!! I woukd definitely suggest this 0lace to anyone who wants to have some good food in a friendly atmosphere. ...
Amazing food and the owner is super friendly! I especially love the tagine and couscous.
Dang!Stop everything and get to this place now!Have the lamb. Have the chicken. Every single thing we had was perfect, and we had everything!Real date shakes, not the ice cream ones that the tourists have at the schlock shops..This is a little place like in another country, my gf said she would never stop in at places like this but I'm changing her attitude!I think the owner is the chef and he came out to the tables to oversee everything. Like it should be.
Muy buena comida Peruana en chandler, demora un poco el servicio porque preparan todo fresco. Muy Rico lo recomiendo 100%
Was very surprised very friendly staff and the food was very very tasty! I can see getting this to go for a healthy dinner or lunch!Don't drive by stop in and enjoy.
Meh. Overpriced and coupon Nazis.Went once, won't be back. Guessing it will be gone soon.
Food is AMAZING. Finally found healthy food that tastes good. Yes please. They do meal delivery too so just an FYI if you aren't in the area.
Great staff and even better food. Burgers and tacos were both great. Sin City burger was my favorite and I'd order it again.
Good flavor, nice drinks, and plenty of sass! This place is new and so, we think there is much room to push it to the limit.
I had a great time at Tom's. Great draft beer selection! It was my first time in and I will definitely return on my next trip to Vegas.
Super Big portions, great service, awesome food!!! Make sure to ask how bigs are the portions of you have kids, the pancakes were way too big for my 9 yrs old kid to eat.
Maggie is awesome... The food was good too. I had the Benedict and is Beneficial to my tummy.
Duck wings are legit.  Great service. Great view of strip and we were moved to a different table and received our 1st round of drinks for free.
Great cocktails and service!! Our server Paulina was fantastic!!!Bloody Mary's were tasty...
Waiter was nice, service sucks..really expensive. The only reason I ate here was cause I got to Vegas Late Thursday night and everything on the strip where I wanted to eat was closed by 11 or 12..so I didn't feel like walking all over to find something and I was just really hungry at the time. I wasn't really expecting this place toCharge $67 for two burgers and a drink each for me and my girlfriend, the food wasn't bad or anything, but definitely NOT worth $67..I assumed a 24 hour restaurant would've been an okay priced place for all the travelers and drunk people to grab a quick bite. Like I said earlier the waiter was cool and all but the service was bad and place is just way to over priced..if you're willing to spend that type of money for the same food you can get somewhere else for only 30/40 bucks then go for it!
Great place, until the staff in the kitchen started fighting.Looks like they were getting physical or something.
Service at the bar was horrible and the bartender was obviously intoxicated. The service at the Lake Mead and buffalo location is far superior
This isn't in n out but good so eat here to help their business yummy and get the concrete custard thingies and crinkle fries
Wow, great burger and shake!  The line went fast and they had excellent outdoor seating with a good view of the strip.  These burgers are a little small, but I can't eat a huge one anyway.  They made up for the size with the quality of the meat!
I don't get the hype.. give me In n' Out any day. I didn't  care for the folded bun and the fries were just... meh. I probably won't come back here again with so many other great options so close. The east coast can keep Shake Shack.
the Shack Stack Burger was worth the wait! especially in VEGAS with an ice cold beer.
Very salty hot dog.  Fries good.    Skip it. Vegas has so many better options.  They do have hamburgers and shakes. I just don't think it is worth the cost. I prefer 5Guys or In N Out.
Best burgers and custard! Worth every calorie! Great people watching on the deck at the NYNY location, free strip entertainment ;)
Burger taste like a hybrid between McDonald's and Wendy's; not good. Shake was okay. You would expect better tasting food for the price one pays for a Shake burger.
Super cute yet classy! This place is super popular in the western side and I'm not surprised. You guys should definitely check this place out
4 stars because I was hungry and food was decent but in and out is better. The bun is sweet and the lettuce is crisp. But the meat and the shakw shack sauce wasn't that great.
People said this is the best burgers in Vegas, so here we are. After we try them, i agree with them, I love their burgers, must try!
Go someplace else!!!!  Teeny tiny burgers aren't worth the money.  I could have eaten 2!!  We stood in a super long line and then had to scramble to get a table for this???  They don't taste bad, just super small.  I won't be back.
Nasty food very expensive...too crowded and chaotic. Pls.go out of business asap. Small stingy burgers...and hard unfresh rolls and buns......
Loved the burger and shackmeister dog! Rootbeer float was awesome too!  A must go to when in Vegas!
Still one of the better chain burgers around if you have a chance you won't be disappointed. Line moves real fast and the food is really quick. And the service here in Vegas is top notch and friendly
Awesome service, burgers are great and the shakes are amazing! Very speedy with the order, tons of seating, and they show your favorite sports on numerous tvs!
So much fun! Highly recommend it! Follow the clues which are revealed throughout the room. I can see why so many team building activities are held there as you need to work together to solve each problem. We had a group with the youngest being 16 so I'm not sure about having anyone younger than that. Considering half of us were complete strangers we worked together well.
Friendly owners and good food. They have $5 gyros and chicken pitas ready! Any place with braggs liquid aminos and apple cider vinegar as condiments is alright with me. I'll be back
The best coffee and smoothies at the Best Prices!!  Loved it!!  The menu is Goldilocks...Not Too Big and Not Too Small.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.  We need you in Chicago!
Fast, super friendly service. Good price. Good coffee. What more do you want?These kids are always friendly at any hour of the day.I'm very impressed.
Great new mega former studio.  It is pilates reformer on steroids. Reasonable pricing and some great specials.
Staff is friendly and helpful. Clean, friendly, quiet environment. Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so I highly recommend the egg, bacon, white cheddar cheese on Chiba bread. Very yummy. I also love their tortellini pesto lunch dish(they call it something long and I can't spell it or say it, but it is also very good)
AMAZING DONUTS!! I always look forward to Wednesdays for my pink box of donuts!!  Another great week from Ace donuts!!
Something for everyone. The chicken wings and garlic edamame are the best. Yum!!! The service is outstanding. Go a second time and the guy will remember you and what you like. Feels like home.
These tacos are the real deal - full of flavour, and huge! Very inexpensive, but not short on quality. I got two - one would have been enough, but I had to finish them... I took mine to go, and they got a bit soggy, would definitely eat there next time. Best I've had in town so far.
Awesome happy hour 3.50 Dead Guys and $3 off on apps Great PlaceSitting outside great weather great service This place is much better than anything on the strip
Great food, nice atmosphere, good service, Mack and Chelsea were awesome! Located I nthe Linq promenade next to the Flamingo, would come back again!
Great food! Great service! John M is the BEST! North  Carolina loves you! It's 2:30am and the $20 ribeye is amazing! Can't get a better steak here! The beer selection is off the charts! No doubt, if in Vegas its a must!!
Great service, great location great food And the service was open and friendly. Sat Theresa the outside bar,  had a couple beers and watched super hot chicks walk by five at a time. I highly recommend itAnd Tom was the character is very funny very entertaining I think he's part owner right place
Decent prices for the strip and huge portions that are tasty.  Definitely no room for desert.
Amazing food. Cute waitresses. What more could you ask for? Kabobs and gyros you can't go to wrong...........
Kaitlin was very personable and charming wait was longer but she was awesome, the wait was longer then I wanted to  wait but once we sat down the good only tool 10 mins to get and the sourdough cheese burger was awesome
Best airport food ever !Great service !!That's all I have to say but stupid yelp insists I write more so there you have it!!!!
No other park like it. Kids loved it. Subs are great. Very clean. Staff top notch. Fun for all ages.
Embarrassing version of the original. Not much more to say. Overpriced, low quality and no pride compared to the original
Plain cheese is the way to go! I've had both the square Sicilian pizza and the traditional circle pizza. What makes this pizza so good is the fresh ingredients. I love the fresh basil on each slice. The food court staff is exceptionally friendly and even follow-up with drink refills etc once you are seated.
3.99 for slaw. See photo. Pathetic. The whole idea of the food court is for folks to avoid getting ripped off. Two little pieces of cod and some waffle fries for $13 is inappropriate for a food court. And the basket didn't even come with slaw. You pay extra for that privilege. Hopefully the other establishments in the Caesars food court can bring better value.
Bobby is fantastic! I get so many compliments on my hair. Love love love. The salon is quaint and stylish and in a beautiful location.
Food was excellent.  Food tasted fresh.  Portions were large and we had to take about half of what we ordered home.  Salsa tasted fresh as well.  Definitely will come back again.
Finally - a place in Henderson to get great chicken shawarma!!  The prices are reasonable too.
Love this place will definitely be back again!I just moved in the area and so happy to find a great nail place close to home.
Such a cute place! And the staff is really nice! I got an iced coffee and coconut donut, they were both super tasty.
Good staff, food, drinks and fantastic decor! It is a must see if your in old town. The staff when I walked in had the most positive attitude and turned my "hangry" mood inside out.  Thanks ladies!
This is a great new place!  A must try!  The gelato is creamy and the people are nice.  Clean tables and chairs outside to relax at. :)
Worst Gelato I've ever had! The chocolate chip tasted like chalk and was icy. The salted carmel bitter and icy. I would not recommend their Gelato. If you're gonna get anything stick to the macaroons.
Very disappointed that I ate here. Chicken is very dry. Portions are very small. Ribs are also dry. This feels nothing like eating back at home.
Really good food. Very flavorful. Service is awesome. Kimchi Mango is a must!! A bit pricey but it's worth it!
This review is for the Red Rice Musubi only.If you like Musubi, you'll LOVE the Red Rice Musubi! This Hawai'i girl can't stop talking about it. Get it, get it, get it! If you don't know what musubi is, I'll give you quick lesson. It's a handmade, handheld dish made of rice (usually calrose/sticky white rice) and Spam (canned meat/luncheon meat) wrapped in seaweed (the greenish black stuff sushi is wrapped in.) It's the perfect snack, appetizer, home lunch for work or school trips, or if you need a quick bite while on the go. You get the idea. This is a favorite among the Pacific islander culture.The Red Rice Musubi is made with luncheon meat (not the Spam brand, if you know Spam you can tell the difference). The luncheon meat was tasty, not salty. I've had homemade authentic red rice (I have family from Saipan) and this red rice is legit. Full of bold flavors. It's not spicy. If you love bold flavors and feeling adventurous, I highly recommend the Red Rice Musubi!  The musubi also has a mayo-like sauce in between the rice and meat. This is now my favorite musubi and the sauce is what stood out compared to the Hawai'ian style musubi. If you're looking to taste Chamorro food without getting a full size take out plate, this is the way to go. It's about $2-3 bucks. It's well worth it. Red rice is a rice dish that is uniquely Chamorro, you won't find it any other Asian or Pacific Islander restaurant.
Amazing meal, great cocktails. Great deserts! Had the mest grill with some friends,  highly recommend!
Wonderful service and very nice facility.  The front desk was super accommodating. They have a restaurant that's a little on the pricy side, but it's new so I'm sure they will make some revisions. This hotel is right next to my headquarters for work... If I need to go back I won't think twice about staying here!
Outstanding food!   Love the cafe and service is outstanding    Very healthy choices with scrumptious flavor and variety.  We enjoyed the service and location was easy to get to! Loved if
This place is awesome. Very good food. Wonderful service. Great experience! Would highly recommend.
A good buffet breakfast with fresh to order crepes. Quick service. Reasonable price. That is in the morning. In the evening, the selection remains great, changing between lunch and dinner. The seafood is plentiful and delicious. Come here instead of the Luxor for your buffet.
Great food but seriously bad employees, rude and disorganized, so many times my Order has been wrong , it does seem to be getting better.
Very nice Indian food; excellent ambience; both veg and non-veg tasty; went for buffet lunch Sunday. Garlic Naan is hot; goat curry is the best; jeera rice is not be left behind
Excellent. Both traditional dishes and fun tapas style options. We ordered the papdi and samosa chaat. It was well played and tasted fantastic. The services was fantastic and we are looking forward to going back soon.
Amazingly authentic and traditional Indian food at its best. Its good for group parties as well as they have nice big seating..conveniently located as well
This is very nice option for people who wanted to try some great indian food. We had the lunch buffet on a Saturday.  The tandoori chicken was amazing and we loved the gulaab jamun
I've had better. Food is average & so is the service.Butter chicken tasted like spicey tomato soup with chicken in it. My husband wasn't told that he could order less spicey. My lentils were good but I've had them better elsewhere. I've never had indigestion from Indian before but am suffering horribly after eating here.  We gave them a try, there's better Indian in town so we won't be returning.
Awesome indian food with a flavor of mumbai auto rickshaw!!! Carlos served us and we went with his recommendations of butter chicken and egg curry and it was awesome!!
Deliciously authentic ! Loved the food quality and hospitality!! Pan shots is the "must try in Vegas"
Great food!! Found this gem on Yelp and well worth it! The owner/manager is very helpful and food is authentic
The best service ever! Eddie is amazing and the food excellent!! If you like it hot, this is the place! The chef comes out to check on every table to make sure the food and service is perfect.
Quick service, and friendly staff, they did a great job on my pink and whites! I was in and out in just under an hour and I got a full set.
Nice setting soft music lunch time is nice.Try the lunch box. With my wife Shirley Minter Phoenix Az. Down town. Nic was awesome we can't wait to return. Thanks Nic.
Another awesome happy hour at SBC. Home made tots, awesome. Best double IPA in town!  Great place.
Great service! Fast and good prices! Highly recommend this place! And I got free case for my phone with repair!!! Wow! I'm so lucky I found this place!
Great service. Replaced screen fast and cheap. They have great customer service. They are helpful and answered all of my questions. Also gave me a free car charger and screen protector. Thanks Ari!!
Great quick service! I definitely recommend this place! Right off Sahara in a convenient close location! They do all repairs for iPhones
This place is awesome! Great prices and super fast service!!!! Thanks so much!! Robert was super friendly and gave me a free gift ! Recommend all my friends and yelpers to come check them out
Service was awesome.  Food was great.  I will definitely be back. Got the pretzel.  Beer selection is good.
Cold Beer& Lots of TV's with sports. Just what I needed. The staff is very friendly and made me welcome. Next time in Mesa, I will be ending my evening here.
Great place to watch UFC............................................................................
#6 is by far the most amazing sandwich ever. Since moving from California we have tried other "Sub" chains....I'm definitely done searching. A must add is the Vinegarette sauce, that's the kicker to making this sandwich, #6, the BEST Sandwich EVER !!!
Best sandwiches in Vegas. Great service. Everything I've tried there has been excellent. I don't normally order Reubens but theirs is top notch. Their Italian food such as the sausage and the eggplant are must trys. If you live/work close to this place you will find yourself coming 3+ times a week easily.
Excellent sandwiches !!! I've eaten my way thru the menu over the last couple months , this place is my go to lunch spot , amazing sandwiches prices are reasonable , I love the sausage and the super turkey , would def recommend this place to anyone !!
Delicious sandwich shop. A lot to choose from. I had the grilled cheese sandwich. It was grilled to perfection. The bacon and guacamole complimented it well. Yummy.
Best hidden secret in Vegas..... Great selection.... Totally recommend!!!  Chef Beni is worth the visit!!
This company does amazing work. They know what they were doing and got it done in a timely manner. If you need someone good I recommend giving them a call. There prices were also far.
The best chocolate croissant we've ever had!  The staff was so kind and easy going. I felt that we were on a mini-vacation as the restaurant promoted a true French cafe experience - encouraging us to relax and enjoy the food and company. I can't wait to come back!
Delicious food and friendly staff!!! Highly recommend  checking this place out! The pastries are to die for!
Was feeling sleepy manager comes and tells me i have to leave as i was falling asleep.  Told him friend was restroom. So we hustled our way out. Terrible.  Rude manager.
Great after-work spot! Good food, cool vibe. Great service. Morgan took care of us.  Open air breezes...music...The turkey pastrami sandwich is really good.
By far the best spot I've been to in quite some time. Has the best happy hour in town. Try the deep dish pepperoni pizza. It's seriously the best pizza I've ever had since living in Chicago. When you go, ask for Hartley. He will give you the best service. For drinks be prepared to try every one on the menu and uber home because you just won't be able to stop.
Always a good spot! Great drinks and food food. Order the chicken cauliflower rice with a side of buffalo.
My favorite bar in Scottsdale, hands down. The service was excellent and the food was delicious. Great drinks and a good time. Highly recommend for a fun night out.
Great lobster roll.  The tuna and guacamole is excellent fresh plentiful and reasonably priced.
Priscilla was a pleasure to work with, and went above and beyond to meet our needs! She was pleasant, and answered any question with expertise. The truck we used was clean, and got the job done!
Great staff, excellent service. Priscilla and Peter are always there to help. I have been at this location through multiple management companies, and they are by far the best.
I wouldn't suggest going here. They are not big on customer service. Just my experience left a bad taste.The wax they use is rough. Not the best experience very painful.
Great donuts and the ham & cheese croissants melt in your mouth. The employees are very friendly and the prices are good. I've been there twice and both times they had the shelves fully stocked with fresh donuts.
Delicious donuts and friendly service! My family and I have enjoyed their donuts on several occasions and our experience has always been great. My kids LOVE the inexpensive donut holes and my husband really likes the old fashioned. We would definitely recommend it!
Love their donuts!! Best in the business!! I will keep going back! They definitely have my loyalty!!
Amazing donuts always fresh. Customer service is great as well. You have to try the maple bacon bar
It's really the Lodge and everybody knows it, better then Shotgun Crappys that was there before.
great food i love this place i recommend the chicken kabab    the service its great they make you feel like you are home everything i tried was good and the place its nice and clean .
Just love this place--the ambiance and the food! We have become regulars--before 5 pm is still lunch but "chicken salad" sandwich is great! Lemon coconut cake is awesome!
Well worth the visit. Food is exceptional. Sandwiches to tapas, everything is rich in flavor.
Great food and drink. Will be back for more! Local draft, burgers are on point, and tapas to share if you don't want a full meal.
Great peaceful environment. Happy dogs all around! I'll definitely come back. Very clean and no oder. Self service is a breeze. Affordable grooming is available. Open environment for the dogs and people!
Best Groomer In Vegas, Hands Down. All Local Pet Owners should be coming to Jennifer. Works with spca. True dog lover
Great tasting beer. Tator tots were great. Pizza ok okay. Nice place. Bartender was nice and knowledgeable.
Beer!  Bread pudding!Las Vegas needs more good local places (not chains).... this is a friendly neighborhood place with great food.
Place is really kept clean and looking good. Staff very friendly and fast ! I would have to say it's the best managed fast food place   downtown.
Thanks for forgetting my hot fudge...very disappointed. I requested hot fudge in my concrete mixer, paid the fifty cents extra for it and then didn't have any.
Good portion and taste. You won't find this quality easily.You should stop by this Restraunt while you in Vegas. Hard to book though
Amazing food and amazing service. I always get spicy miso with pork belly. My favorite place to eat. I think I've eaten there a million times already. Lol
$2 a doughnut like place, made to order anything you can imagine. I enjoyed a plain with cherry frost and chocolate chips.
Good guys. Friendly and helpful. Good prices on services and merchandise.  They fixed the screen on my iphone for a very reasonable price.
Best price in Henderson !Come see Samir for a quick repair at a great price ! Thanks Samir
Wow. Awesome. Great spot. Great staff. Incredible omelette options.  My omelette overflowing with bacon, tomato, a I and grilled chicken was perfect. Hope to have time for a repeat visit.
Fabulous service. And great kabobs! They have a clean dining room and everything was cooked to order and fresh.
Very good food! Loved it. Very nice people too. We loved the gyro and the veggie plate.
Amazing poke bowls!!!!  And acai bowls!!!Brown rice and seasoned poke bowl is a great post workout meal!The acai bowl comes with banana and granola. The perfect healthy dessert!So thankful for this place so we don't have to cook all the time!
Nice, clean,  great atmosphere,  good barbers.  If you looking for a group of good barbers,  then it is a good place to go.
Love this place. Great happy hour. Great bartenders. All starters half off during happy hour! Try the chicken wings and the grilled squid, both delicious. Great atmosphere and beautiful bar.
fab! thanks for dinner :)sexy foodelevated energyIt's pricy but we do live in scottsdale right..!?
Taylor is awesome! Great service. Great prices. Great food. We got the eel cucumber, California and spicy crab sushi rolls and potstickers. All were delicious!
Super good ice cream!Try the pistachio! Real Turkish ice creamReminded me of my childhood. Hard to find ice cream like this in the US.
Good variety for vegetarians!!! Had the panini and the hot bowl!! Loved them..hope they can keep up the cleanliness... Definitely going back!
Loved all the salad combos.  Also enjoyed the rice bowls. My husband and I went service was quick and accurate despite a couple tweeks to the order.  Everything was fresh and tasty
Food was fresh and delicious! The staff was really friendly too! Great place for lunch, I highly recommend it :)
Excellent service - great sandwiches! Ordered the Irene and it was great. We will be back!
Always great time! Vicky is always awesome! Max always enjoys his "spa time". Clean and great place! Very friendly and professional.
Come to bootcamp class every Thursday at 530. It's a blast. Been here since the gym opened as Golds. People travel from Chandler and Ahwatukee just for this class.
The service made up for the food. It wasn't horrible- but not impressive at all. My crepe was a bit cold and over cooked. But the service was fast and friendly and the environment was cute and very clean
Good food and nice bar! Cheap drinks too! My only recommendation would be to ditch the order counter and have actual servers!
I got my company iPhone 5c fixed and Jeremy had it fixed fast. Great service. I would recommend this company to everyone.
The food was fantastic and spot on flavorwise.  Definitely will be back. Fast service.  Price is correct for the quality
Best Mexican food in the valley! !They were closed for a while, but they are back and great as ever.
Fantastic food.  Very clean and friendly atmosphere!  Green chile is delicious! It was my first time but definitely not my last!  Great service!
Amazing food! Excellent service, thank you Audrey for a great night. I would highly recommend Jatoba to anyone visiting Montreal.
Very good restaurant with friendly service and delicious food. Traditional Taiwanese hot pot and stack. Nice price with 20% off cuase grand opening and also come with free green or black tea when you order hot pot.
TIP: if this place is open when the weather cools off from the current 108 degree summer days, perhaps it would be worth paying a visit here because that would provide them enough time 6 months from now to get their act together.8 security cameras over 18 tables with an occupancy no more than 80 people equals one camera for every 8 patrons. We had a camera directly above us and I found it to be very uncomfortable.The language barrier is very severe, as well as understanding typical customs here in America. i.e. providing a glass of water to patrons, especially with the hot pot soups.  also to provide napkins when customers are eating finger food appetizers with their hands.On a good note, the waitresses were filled with smiles and very friendly.Although the jasmine tea was watered down, it was at least nice to have it complimentary at no charge.The name of the restaurant 100 C certainly does not represent how spicy hot the food is because the choices offered by our non English speaking server were three, six or nine.She chose a three w/ her seafood hot pot that had barely any seafood and I chose a 6 on my spicy beef hot pot. Both of us agreed that our hot pots were very watery and bland and neither entree were spicy hot.So perhaps the 100 C refers to other heat such as the summer heat of a 108 F here in Las Vegas today or maybe it was the 86 F degree temperature on the thermostat inside this restaurant hallway by the restrooms...but by no means did the 100 C reflect the heat of the food as it was not hot whatsoever. Perhaps it's not supposed to be hot spicy, but it's supposed to be hot boiling hot which it was in the hot pot. My spicy beef hot pot was mostly cabbage, tofu and noodles and very minimal other ingredients with the exception of the four extremely thin slices of red meat that I cooked myself in the hot pot in front of me. The spicy beef hot pot was not spicy at all.Her seafood hot pot had 2 or 3 shrimp that still were encased with the head and eyes and full body armor of a shrimp and maybe 1 or 2 small clams, not much seafood at all.The appetizer beef rolls were filling an delicious!Considering I've never tried the hot pot before I had no idea how long it was supposed to boil and I'm not sure if i undercooked or overcooked my food. Maybe there are directions in Chinese on the menu that I just did not recognize, but certainly our non-English speaking waitress nor the English misspelled menu did not define how to cook food in the hot pot.The men's restroom was very clean, perhaps  it was clean because they do not have to clean up after anybody. After all, we were the only two patrons in there during the entire dinner hour we were there tonight. Large screen TV on the wall was off, so not sure if it is real or working or either or. Background music was Top 40/pop music in Chinese. Imagine Brittney Spears singling in Chinese. I have no idea how there could be 40+ something reviews equaling 4 stars, as this place needs serious help!Overall, the hot pot concept is fantastic and I would love to try it again sometime, somewhere else.
They did an awesome job with our move. They were fast and organized. Highly recommend them for  anyone that needs help moving
The food was great but the service was shitty. We got there and there was like no one there. The service was slow and the one waiter didn't talk much. We went to order and he told us he had to get all our drinks first before one of us ordered an appetizer. Overall disappointing
Freaking awesome food... it! Green beans are the bomb.comI had the chicken with jalapeños and cheese. Mt husband had the 3 cheese. Both were wonderful and the staff was soooo nice! I love that this place is walking distance from my house!
Nice atmosphere. THeir house sauce is amazing. Very friendly staff. Will definitely be going here again!
Could be the best burger in town! Like nothing else! It is not a convenient location, but it is well worth the trip!
One of the BEST Burgers/Chicken  on the planet! Good thing this is not close to my house or I will be here everyday!
Excellent hair cuts and eyebrows all at a great price. They have video games and dishnetwork. Usually always have some good on tv.
I  really like their food and the price is reasonable. I ordered gyoza, pork curry, miso ramen. it was delicious
Authentic. No where else like it. Amazing charm and people. Reminds of Tokyo, which I miss everyday. This is the closest to Japanese food I have ever had here in the states.
I love this place!!! The food is great and the customer service is awesome. My favorite is the udon noodle soup with tempura vegetables and shrimp.  The fried rice with beef is also so good.
A good spot for some ramen if you don't want to drive out to chinatown. Coming back for more ramen later
nice people good food！gonna come again！！I ordered chicken curry for myself and Raman for my boyfriend. And one Thai tea, one boba milk tea. It's all good! I love the chicken curry it's the best I tasted ever. lovely place
Too bad the service is terrible  this seems to be the norm. No staff outside just the bartender.
Awesome wings and great staff. Better than bww I think. I will definitely be back. The curry parmesan was great and the garlic ones were great too. Mom had the teriyaki burger and said it was the best.
Did a great job. Great attention to detail. Good price.. my son and I both got hair cuts. Clean shop. I would recommend him.
Love love love the flounder wrap!!! My husband really digs the wings..The burgers were very good to
Catfish was good crawfish was ok service was not good at all not going to recommend this place to anyone
Delish fresh food... great service by Phillip! Get the shrimp with Hot n Juicy sauce and add a corn
Such a nice family staff. So friendly and helpful. Cute and clean, old fashioned ice creamery. Ice cream is delicious and so many flavors. Has weekday happy hour (buy one get one free) - deal! Fun place to go on a date or take the family.
Really great food, Fantastic beer and friendly staff, all around a great experience!Tried several beers so far, a few different entries and appetizers. Quality is awesome, consistency has been great as well with multiple visits.
Halle was great! Try the fish tacos and the cheese curds! Craft beers are definitely worth the trip.
Expensive and deserts are watery and pictures in the menu are extremely misleading. I had the fresh mango sago and it looked significantly different than the pictures in the menu. The mango  doesn't taste fresh, it tastes like defrosted mangoes.
Great and fast customer service. Well priced for what we got! Woyld recommend to anyone who is looking for a specific gun.
What a beautiful spa when I walked in! I got a massage and it was really gooooood! I can't wait to try the facial next time. Easy to find, just off Valle verde exit from 215.
So amazed with friendly staff and beautiful Chapel. They we are so helpful. They gave us life coaching advice that will serve us forever !!
Greg is a professional excellent realtor who helped us sell a home in Anthem AZ. We would certainly recommend his services.
Very friendly staff! Best place to get a smog in town don't spend the $20 at terribles when you can get it done here for $9.99
Very polite staff. Great pricesWas able to get my SMOG check and on my way in just a few minutes
Amazing sushi, will not come back if they get rid of it. Keep the sushi!!! Everyone I talked to said they only come here for the sushi. Pittsburgh lacks a good sushi reasturant and the original was it. Corporate doesn't know what pittsburghers like but we love the sushi
Appalling service and cleanliness for a new location. They will be lucky if they make it.
Boo. The breakfast sandwich was soggy and just nasty. Service was slow. They should stick to donuts.
Angela is awesome!  Bought a cool hat there today. Good variety.  Located in Downtown Summerlin.  That Mall is getting better and better.
Christina is great! Highly recommended. My mother really enjoyed the pineapple & papaya facial Christina did for her. I made an appt for myself and you should too!
Wtf is with the parking? The scottsdale one is worth the drive still... The burgers are good yet over priced. Typical chandler atmosphere...
This place is amazing!!!! Been here 5x always great you have to try it out the service is fast staff are great
Love my Thai Street!!!! I am addicted to the Thai iced tea...Come in and try something new everytime.
Best Thai food in Las Vegas!!! And the service is fast and very friendly. The beef jerky appetizer is off the chain!!
Absolutely awesome, great vibe, great food, great service!! I was greeted when I walked in and was treated as if I was VIP.
This place is really good! Tastes are great and service is nice! Got spicy basil and drunken noodle and both are great! Really recommend this place!
Drunken noodles and Thai ice tea are phenomenal!  Everything else is delicious also.  I highly recommend this place!
Great service from SOL and food was amazing they have great lunch specialsAll their are open till 4am
Best meal of our visit to Vegas! Friendly staff, amazing food! A nice escape from bustle of the strip. All the traditional go to dishes available, as well as some unique options. I recommend the papaya salad, crying tiger wrap, and a nice Thai iced tea!
This place is awesome! Big portions and very flavorful! Got the yellow curry and it was awesome. Friend got the drunk noodles those were great too.
Great food, great service, and cute place! Thai BBQ is bomb, and their chicken satay!!!!
Great little Thai place off the strip! Right behind the Fashion Show Mall. We ordered the pad Thai with beef and cashew nut chicken. The beef could have been a little better but everything else was fantastic.
Excellent Thai food in a not so family friendly area of town. We had Pad Thai, Pad See Ew and Kao Soy. All were so good we couldn't stop eating until they were gone even though we were full.
You can give it a shot .. not the best but not the worst too...I dont want this to close just because of terrible reviews as it just started.Servers seem new to the job.
One thing that has impressed me the most is that They do take customers reviews. Excellent job in food quality and service!!!
I agree with the other young lady this location is always clean and organized . I always walk out of there with alot of items under $30.00 . Will be going back there again .
Great breakfast and price point! Whole Hog omelette is very tasty! They offer a few gluten-free items. It's better to get here before 10:00AM or you might be waiting for a table. They also have a bar with 16 seats as a option but the hostess will need to seat you. We will be back
Go for the breakfast burrito. I am giving 5 star quality for the burrito and the girl who remembered exactly how I ordered it yesterday - having only met me once. Excellent burrito and huge portion.
The food here is amazing!! You can't go wrong with this for breakfast or lunch. The wait was only 15 minutes so don't let the line cool you. Just be patient.
Great food and service for a good price. Food portions were great! Lines were long early in the morning, but shortened up a bit by lunchtime. The gluten free pancakes were amazing
Luciano Gesauldo gave us excellent service and made me the most delicious drink! We loved the guacamole and tacos! We will definitely be dining here again.
Good food. Great experience. Service is fast. Great service from Christian. Will be back for sure
Everything from dinner to breakfast was awesome!!!!!!! Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!Highly recommended day or night if your hungry this is the place to eat while staying at SLS
These guys are awesome. They seem like they know their insurance and have a good variety of products. They are helpful and have been happy to answer all my questions. The location is a little hard to see from the street so if you go there in person keep your eyes open.
Great place for a morning coffee. Relaxing atmosphere and delicious coffee. I'll definitely be coming back.
Highly recommend the pour over family blend! Amazingly smooth! Great atmosphere! I will be back also customer service is great!
Ive had the chance to visit several coffee spots across the country, this place is Absolutely the best coffee hands down I ever had !!! Awesome staff as well!! The atmosphere is warm, inviting and very friendly.  I highly recommend this place for a nice relaxing get away, you can't go wrong. Enjoy!!
Not bad for opening up and getting started. Different kind of coffee. Wasn't my favorite place to be but I understand the reason for the shop. Not many shops around. Okay but wouldn't come back.
Nitrogenated cold brew coffee floats...do I need to say any more!  Pretty cool vibe, very fun place to sit back and enjoy your coffee!
Had a great time food was wonderful  compliments  to the chef. Great place for live music.
Delicious food and great place for Cajun food. I Love Cajun food. Nice people there. My first time going yesterday night with family I enjoyed it
Loved everything I've had there. Best Cajun I've had in a long time. Not a great location (not very visible from the road) so it's important to get the word out about how good this place is
Nice place and nice people! Friendly service :). Came in based on recommendations from the staff at the hotel my sisters and I are staying at.  Highly recommended and it was very moderately priced, clean, and good service.
My favorite place for sushi in town is back. With a new name and new staff the charm is the same. The staff is very friendly and accommodates custom orders. Will be back here soon.
Great Sushi.. Great Service and fast.. Love it.  We will be back....fresh and great great staff
I absolutely love the quinoa salad and the freshly made hummus! Delicious! My little conivores love the grilled pita club sandwich! The brasied white beans are the best I've had! Umm Umm Good!  I highly recommend for lunch, dinner or quick snack!
Great pizza and wings! We have the food delivered, it's always hot and fresh. Highly recommend!
Great Pizza! Friendly employees. Highly recommended. They have 2 kinds if ice tea, both of which are very good. The salad was very fresh and when the pizza came out it was so good. I come from Hawaii and was visiting my son at nearby Arizona Christian University. We don't have pizza like this in Hawaii, unfortunately. Nice atmosphere and oh, by the way, the restroom is very clean as well. Next time I visit, I will definitely stop by Classic Crust Pizza again!
Great place, great service and authentic Italian fare. The fresh bread is outta site!!
Probably the best pasta I have ever eaten anywhere. I highly recommend coming here and having a try.
Excellent pizza and vibes. Definitely my new favorite pizza joint!!  Can't wait for the happy hour and restaurant to open up.
Great food! Service was good. Definitely worth the stop. It was a little cramped due to limited space but nothing we couldn't live with.
Very good NY style Italian Food & Pizza...outdoor patio & bar tables...delicious garlic knots on the table along with a mini antipasto...we shared a Margarita pizza, Chicken Parmagian & Penne ALa Vodka
Great place!  Always nice and friendly.  I definitely recommend this place.  They offer a wide variety of services and accept walk-ins.
Awesome food, makes olive garden seem like mcdonalds  great friendly service!! My family and friends will be back very soon and will be spreading the good word of Babbo! !!
Wonderful new Italian place in Queen Creek! Great Service, good food, great prices! They also have great kids meals.
A cute spot to hang out and enjoy desserts & drinks. The green tea crepe cake is delicious and a must try!
Nice place.  Good mocha.  Professional presentation.  Off the beaten path, but not to far off. Try
Justice was very helpful and knowledgeable. Thank you for the awesome juice!!!! Happy birthday!!!!!
We have been here a number of times and have not been disappointed yet. Had the bun rieu and the vermicelli bowls and pho and it was yummy. And service is good also.
Great place to eat, family had a blast! The owners are very welcoming! I love that they get the kids involved. Just the fact that my kids love it ensures that we will definitely be back real soon. Go give it a try!!!
Great food, great service, great management team....good prices and very well designed it has a robust and loud atmosphere.
It was packed, food was ok, service was good! It reminds me of yard house. It's a good place to take kids!
Great Food Choices and Great And Friendly Service  .Would recommend to friends and family.
Amazing and worth every penny!! Huge fan of the music and the live band was the perfect way to go.
Great food!  Delicious hand made tortillas. Good salsas and good service.  This place is automatically "home made" food. I had the huevos rancheros. Plate was served just like I used to have at home.
Go here all the time! Good cooks, even better customer service. I get the all you can eat, I advise going during lunch time if you enjoy the all you can eat, less people and more vibeful around lunch, as well as all you can eat is cheaper around lunch time rather than dinner time
Love this place!! Good service, good sake good times. This is our go to sushi and hibachi. Modern and casual.
Great food. Fast service. Polite waiters! I really like it here! I had a lovely time here. I really like fast service, almost too fast. It's a great way to unwind after a long week on Friday. I love it here!
Best donuts in Arizona. Have tried most of the donuts and they have all been amazing.
Ahi tuna was the best I ever had. Nice atmosphere too. Friendly staff. They also offer many good wines however they could have more in stock.
Great food!   Love the location! They treated us like family! We've been going to the one on Main Street for years.  So happy to see one in the Northwest!
This place has delicious grilled cheeses samiches. Toasted Cork has professional service and when you order it comes fast!
Awesome venue for our neighborhood! Nice selection of wine; however, some reds should be chilled (all bottles on shelves were warm)! Shared a bottle of chilled white wine, modern hummus and brushetta board! Excellent service from Tyler and manager Don Moore was engaging! Very easy to spend time on the patio enjoying every morsel and sip of wine!
Love the fresh dough and mozzarella!  Staff is knowledgable and friendly. The pizza cooks are amazing. The brick oven cooks the pizza perfectly.
AMAZING!! I think we just found our new favorite pizza joint.. Definitely on point! Everything is extremely fresh.. Saw them making the mozzarella as I was ordering!!
Great service and foodThank you.I'm so happy I took the time to speakto the hostess, she was so kind to tellme some history of the restaurant andmade my guest feel welcomed.
Excellent food, nice atmosphere and wonderful service!We happened upon this little restaurant by chance and so enjoyed our meal. To top it off, we were surprised to find out that it had only been open a week! Here's to hoping it stays open for years to come. The food was wonderful. The service was exceptional - even the cook came out to make sure we were enjoying our meal! We will certainly be back for more!
Good food good service. Food is reminiscent of the Chinese food found in NYC.  Traditional favorites excellent sauces and flavors.
Sales person not helpful at all.. Bad service. Should be a zero! We forgot the receipt to pick up a mattress box and he said he can't help us like that's the end of the line.. Can't help us.. When the box was finally available he didn't have any rope to help us tie the box... We didn't bring any rope because the last time be bought mattresses at the Rainbow branch we were provided a roll of rope and even lent us his cutter...
No pressure when my BF and I came for a queen mattress for the guest room..he was honest and straight forward on each mattress.
The custard pie is good, their selection is good and the cakes look well decorated. The woman at the front was very friendly and helpful, they do wedding cakes, but I did not get any specific details.
I love this place. Amazing sandwiches and service. The place is very clean and staff is awesome. Thank you for coming into our building. 5 Stars all the way. Great job!
Buffalo Chicken Pizza is delicious !Its like nothing I have ever tasted before.  I have had so many other versions of buffalo chicken pizza.. but this pizza was no doubt different.   It was cooked just right and there was just a sprinkle of bacon on it..  not too over powering but so very tasty.
Very nice place - clean and great massages as part of the basic pedicure!  Massages can always be longer but that's not to say it was not good... Very relaxing. Great at painting nails - very natural French pedicure
The best! Fresh, fast and good for your wallet. Nuff said!! Well yelp wants me to write more. This place is clean, service is excellent, items are always fresh and waiting. The greatest thing is that you can see your pizza being prepared. Its not like these other places i tell you!
Great food great idea. I have been here many times and the food and service is always great.
Excellent thin crust pizza!! The BBQ Chicken pizza is really good. I've also had the regular cheese and margarita. Whole family loved it!
Shit my brains out and still went back for 3 straight days. 5 stars. Only concern was that a Chinese person was making my pizza. What do Chinese people know about pizza ??
Very clean and the staff is very friendly! The beds are great. Never too busy, convenient hours.
Great ingredients! Chocolate chip oatmeal pancakes are delicious! Organic options are great! We love the mindfulness behind the menu options. Protein scramble was great!
Big portion, exceptional tasting, healthy fresh food. A must try. Love this place!!! Try the acai bowl or the rise and shine quesadilla, or any of their salads.
Tam is fantastic! I always get compliments on my hair! He takes his time and wants you to be happy with the end result. He really does aim to please. He's been taking care of my hair needs for about 10 years. I have tried other hairstylists due to vicinity etc.. But I always go back to Tam. I tried another person about two years ago just for a change but I didn't get the same satisfaction. Trust me. You won't be disappointed. But even if you were, just tell him and he'll fix it so that you are satisfied and happy.
This place is awesome, great service, great price, great location. It's only $59 per month for four adjustment, I use to pay that on one single visit.
Ben has cut my hair for years! He is a flawless barber I highly recommend him. Ben has a great personality and a steady hand I've seen some of the best fades come from this barber. He has stayed late  to accommodate my busy schedule hands down best barber.
Quick service.. Phone was ready within an hour like they said... Very impressed... Store easy to find
These guys did an amazing job. Very fast and affordable. Would come back anytime! They charged me $99 to replace my iPhone 6 screen and even added in a complimentary screen protector when I mentioned Yelp!
Deanna is very professional.  I highly recommend her to anyone AND everyone!!!!  She is very accommodating with busy schedules and always a delight to do business with.
Delicious! The owners were super friendly and the food was so good! I will definitely be going back for more soon!
Great food... But probably the worst service ever. My sister ordered the steak and eggs, wanted the steak medium but it came well done. Never refilled our drinks, never checked back after the food was dropped, had to ask for water, and when she brought it to the table she dropped the whole tray on the ground and then still didn't bring us water after cleaning it up. It was my sisters birthday, so we brought a cake for them to bring out at the end of the meal, all they did was bring it to us in the box, didn't light the candles either... made us take it out of the box and light the candles ourselves. I'm not trying to be harsh, but this was one of the most ridiculous service experiences I've ever had. The food is great though! Just don't expect much in terms of service when you go there.
Everything about it was just wonderful. I got the quinoa burger and it was quite yummy. One of the best I've had. They have great beer flight options and a full cocktail list. The atmosphere is clean, relaxing and welcoming.
Wow, great flavor. Very taste.  Looking for other locations for future visits. Fresh meats, salsa is to die for. Very pleased with this visit. Nice people too.
45 min and still waiting.  The managers are no help in expediting. When asked how much longer The crew replied no idea. There have been 3 tickets in front of mine for 15 min. Customers  are asking for money back and leaving. oh goody, the manager is handing out coupons and apologizing  for the wait. Looks like she's starting with the customers  that just got here. meanwhile still waiting.
The best nordie bar to snack on. Grab a few lattes and good to go. Hot drinks and cold ones too. Yummy!
Best donuts and yummy ice thai tea boba drink!We always go to this donut shop frequently because its so good. The people who work here are friendly and they always have bunch of fresh donuts.
Délicieux burgers, ambiance originale et sympa, je recommande , et compte bien y retourner!
It was very good, it tasted like food from a farmers market, fresh. I bought the chicken sandwich with avocado, loaf of sourdough which was delicious, and a razzle berry smoothie which was finished before getting to the house! FYI: Bakery sandwich drive through!! Awesome
Their lamb chops are very delicious!Their skewers is also very goodI strongly recommend you to try here
Delicious!!! Henry the owner really and courteous  recommended !!!! Yakitori chicken skin is recommended , fried tofu, Mackarel
Paleo Mexican food that is delicious! Esteban and Liz have taken food trucks to another level!! Amazing food and amazing people!!!!!  I would follow this truck anywhere!!!
Nice nail salon but prices are not consistent and change based on who you ask. But overall its a nice atmosphere and vibe. Definitely a step above the average nail salon!
I gave them another chance. NEVER again. This is after 1 week. The manager is really nice and had me come back to get it fixed but this one girl didn't even take her time. She just slopped it on there and it chipped so quickly I couldn't believe it.
Awesome everything!!! Great wait staff and perfectly cooked food! Soooo glad there is an awesome option in Henderson. Was impressed with quality of ingredients and menu options. Fried green beans were amazing. Hash was off the hook.
A very good experience.  Amber was so attentive. All i know is that i have lived in Henderson for 17 years and i have NEVER had a waitress as awesome, sweet and truly personable in any restaurant. She is a true asset to the placeThe food was appealing in its presentation and wss really, really good!I will absolutely, positively return!!!!I
Great breakfast.  First time we ate at this location,  we'll be back for sure.  Service and food was great!
Great food, great service. See Nicole, she's awesome! Super friendly, awesome ambiance. Definitely coming back.
The best chicken and waffles we've ever had....hands down!!!!  The chicken is very juicy and flavorful!!!  Can't wait to come back!!!
It's a lil busy due to just opening at this location but other wise very delicious ..
Service was slow and terrible.  Staff is confused.  I would not go back.  Bad for kids too.
Service so slow, bad, inept I didn't have a chance to eat.......and I won't be back.  Management better get it together or it will go down.
Crap! Pure and simple. Don't waste your time!  Service, food, atmosphere. Garbage!Phoenix needs to come up with their own idea because copying others isn't working!
Nice place, good food but the music is way to loud. You have to yell to visit. Probably would return.
First time here.. Had an assortment of flavors and it was excellent. The cookie overload was excellent and so was the cotton candy flavor!
Good place for drinks and bowling, not a fan of the food. Atmosphere is good and so far the demographic is pretty diverse which to me is a huge plus!
Awesome authentic P.R. food. My daughter and I both ordered the Pollo Guisado, tastes just like my grandma's recipe!  Now I have a place to go when I am craving "eat at home"!
Food is really good. Well seasoned and great  flavor. Highly recommend for lunch and dinner. Food is fresh.
Awesome fun! Great fun with friends!! I liked the way there were so many clues to put together and mystery to solve! Would definitely recommend for visitors or locals to experience!!!
Awesome food and great wait staff. Corned beef hash was delicious! Owner chatted with everyone and was making sure everyone that walked in got addressed immediately. Not a new place but new location... Definitely coming back!
Biscuits and Gravy is sooooo good! Price is right the owner walks around to check on you and they are always checking on you making sure everything is alright. The new location is very nice and simple.
Nicest people. Best food. Will make this a frequent stop every chance I get. The owner greeted us as we walked in and talk to us about our day, the wait staff was beyond attentive and the food was hot and delicious. I can't wait to come back and try some more
Simply: breakfast perfection!Service - perfectFood - perfectValue - perfectSpeed - perfectAtmosphere - excellentMy 13 year old son and I were ecstatic about the whole experience.
Best breakfasts in town....great great place....feels like home...great people....owner and staff are stupendous....love it.
Great food, great service! Portion size is very generous. Staff is so friendly and goes out of its way to make your dining experience a good one.
Service is bomb.  Food is Bomb.  Prices are bomb.  We ordered the pancakes and omelet.  Food is fresh.  Do yourself a favor and go when you're in town.
This place is as good as every one says... excellent food and excellent service. You can't go wrong! We used the yelp app and the $15.00 deal... it's a no brainer
We just ate here for breakfast and it was awesome! Great staff! Great food! Being from New Orleans it's hard to find good food away from home but Mr Mamas has so much to offer on the menu and they don't hold back on flavor! The owner was so friendly and gave us great tips on how to enjoy this city!
Super good food. Very affordable and the staff is amazing!! Super attentive and the home fries are the absolute best!!!
We got the Janna Wrap and side of hashbrowns.  Both were light and delicious!!!  Loved the cofee.  Great service too!!
The food was Awsome we will be back.. Service was great .. I ordered the French toast with turkey bacon and a side order of grits ...This is my first time here ...I wish we had a place like this on Palmdale
Great food, great price, exceptional service - what are you waiting for?!? Next time I gotta get the pancakes!
Found this place from yelp with 288 reviews with all 5 stars so of course we had to check it out. We were amazed. Amazing food, great service, and a great price. The owner even comes out and says hi to everyone. Definitely will be back!
Best breakfast place in Vegas! Will come again. The wraps are delicious.
The food was delicious and the customer service OUTSTANDING. Definitely worth the visit!!
Good food fast pace turning table and food fast. Nice people! Good prices nice to find mom and pop places to eat
Outstanding breakfast!  Bountiful menu with delicious selections. The best Eggs Benny I have ever had.  The food is so good, we came back 4 out of our 5 days in Vegas.
The Jenna breakfast burrito was so good I may order one to go!! Honestly amazing. I ordered a cinnamon roll for dessert. The wait fir a table is worth it. The food comes quick.
Great way to spend a birthday amazing service and food!! Highly recommended!!!  Received a cinnamon roll as a birthday gift!!
Amazing place to have a drink or to have a bite of some delicius Polish food.Servers are really top notch and proffesional
Checked it out after looking on Yelp, the reviews are spot on food is fantastic! Staff friendly and service is great. Brought my kids there and they enjoyed it as well.
Friendly people and great food and amazing place for lunch.
Pretty good place. Have been here twice and have not been disappointed. I had their pressed pig and foreggy salad combo. It was a fair price.
Horrible service. Food was plain and not good. Got a BBQ chicken salad and it was blah.
Got the cilantro lime fish tacos and they were bomb. Smoothies are good too. Decent prices and they're open 24 hours.
This salon is great and they do the best pedicure with the best massage ever. I'm very picky so to say i was impressed is big. The salon is clean and the owner is very friendly and concerned about pleasing the clients. Highly recommend
Awesome food !!! Get the chicken and waffles!! Come here it's great food!! Chicken and waffles chicken and waffles
Slow service cold food waited over 40 minutes for food and it came out cold even the soda was bad not going back
Horrible service. ...and this place doesn't even have a phone number !!!!! They advertise 200 beers on tap and only carry 8.
Great food, good times and plenty of things to do, plus a great atmosphere!  The age group is right around everyone so come join the fun.  The employees are friendly and service is great.  I am having a great time here.
Amazing coffee, and amazing customer service! I would def recommend the hazelnut coffee. Hands down way better than sbux!
First day there and I already love it ...will definitely become a member, I met Margerita and Astrid and they both are really nice ladies and full of energy I cant wait to begin a great journey and my transformation to take place
Awesome food and never disappoints! It's a taste of Maine right here in Arizona! It's a little pricey for a sandwich but it's worth every penny in my opinion. Also, try the blueberry soda...it's delicious!!
Closed on Sunday a 3:00pm-ish?  Still in business?  Sure would have been great to have a Dole Whip in 110 degree weather.  Bummer.
Loveeeee it!Vegan dairy free & gluten free ! Can't get any better! I love the half pineapple and half strawberry! Always take the biggest size and share with my son!
Great amazing work and great hospitality and great prices a def must return for work needed recommend to anyone
Best doughnut in Maricopa . They are light and fresh. Always friendly. I always enjoy going to a family run business that is better then the big boys.
Delicious and the plenty of options! Clean and the kids that work there are very pleasant.
Excelente y muy rico la atención , al mil.Ideal para disfrutar con la familia mmmmm muy rico !!!
Great drinks and food! So many televisions you watch all the games from any seat. The waitress was great. We got several apps, drinks and an entree and it was all delicious. I will definitely go back next time I visit Charlotte.
Nice atmosphere. Good pizza and nice service. Not impressed w the pasta. Calamari was good.
When you're in Vegas, this is a must stop!Located in Palace Station, is real Italian food at it's finest.
Great place for sushi and reasonable in price! They have some really yummy rolls. Go at least once a week!
I give this place 3.8 rating. Quality is ok, not the best but just ok. The restaurant is clean, servers provide good service. I'll be back again.
I'm obsessed with lily! She my favorite bartender... Makes the best drinks in Vegas! Great place... Great food... Amazing atmosphere!
I just spent $120 and now I have to go buy dinner. Won't be back.  Ordered two dozen oysters and six mussels to split with my date.  We each had our own starter and a drink.  Starters were served after the seafood had already arrived.  Oysters and mussels were tiny.  Asked for tobasco and were given a small container with enough to cover about two oysters. We've definitely had better elsewhere in Charlotte for much more reasonable prices. Not to mention we have never been to a restaurant where we had to hit up Five Guys afterward. Can't recommend this place. Save your money.
Best roasted chicken ever and best prices, will be back for sure soon.Very nice staff and friendly, everything is fresh too.
You have got to try all the food!! The ceviche is great the tacos also I come on the daily and the customer service is awesome!!
New pho place close to my place? Awesome.     Their pho is good but the guy who took our order gets confused. He switched  my daughter's and my order. He also forgot to give us our plate of bean sprouts/ basil/ lime. We ordered the pastry puff as well but he didn't tell us until we inquired about this  later & that they were out of it. The food is very good though. Service is fast. Place is very clean. You could customize your pho with your own choice of meats. They also have Vietnamese coffee served with the French press - a 'must try'Worth going back to.
Very nice face painting and balloons. Highly recommend. The kids and adults had a blast. We can't wait to see you at another party or event.
Great service, competitively priced and they stand by their workmanship. Steve is an honest,  stand up guy and will deliver what is promised.
Amazing!!!! Amazing people. Amazing food . Amazing atmosphere. Ill totally be back. Great location and great prices. Variety of alcohol drinks. Can't wait to be Hungary again.
The menu, restaurant and food are excellent. Please visit when you can, it was very enjoyable
Best kosher and middle eastern tapas restaurant. Fresh and tasty .... Finally fresh and quality kosher meat restaurant in Vegas, not frozen with bad taste like the others.
Wow, food and service both outstanding. So happy to have a new choice in the hood. Such a bummer that you have to write a certain amount of words, when one sentence says it all.
Great company!  Fast, friendly, & honest!  Forrest is a very capable technician.  He stands by his work and beat competitors pricing.  We will always call Grizzly Mechanical if we need any heating or AC repairs!
Great delivery times and service. I always use B&D delivery service.The staff is friendly and courteous and my order is always right.
Decent prices, but food needs more favorable spices. Meat needs to be marinated. Delivery took about 30 minutes to arrive.
They have iPhone 6S in stock!!With a extremely friendly staff Alexander the manger is great!!
If I lived near Sligh House I'd have a hard time keeping a job.I'd want to be saddled up to the bar, basking in the glow of white subway tiles and fabulous libations. Also if the husky voiced bartender would sing some lullabies to me...I might die a happy, drunken woman, over and over again. The cocktails are only slightly bested by the superb service. This place is tops. Hendrik Lamar and Ruby Tuesday went down a treat.Get yoself some Sligh House, on the double. I'll have a double...of anything on the menu. Amen.
Excelente servicio, muy amable, puntual y precios razonables.Llego a la hora prometida y encontró la forma de resolver el problema de mi drenaje tapado.  Me gusto que no dejo de intentar de encontrar la forma para que mi drenaje funcionara. El servicio fue muy profesional y muy experimentado.
Great place for kiddos! My son loved it. Very friendly staff. Great energy burner. I liked how clean and safe the toys and facilities were.
The food is always amazing and fast. Love this place. The Toto Sapore pizza is our favorite and the profiteroles are a must try.
Julie was awesome and the pineapple upside down cake was just as good....love the view of the fountains...very iconic Vegas...the restaurant is absolutely beautiful...very crisp and chic...service was the best
Worst sound and hidden fee. Charged for 30% service fee which was not shown on the bill.
This place is amazing! From the ceviche to the beer selection. Just yum all around. Employees are very nice! The dessert is to die for
Best breakfast in a long time!   Staff is very friendly and helpful.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
Manda is absolutely amazing!! She is thoughtful and knows her customers very well! I always look forward to having her as my waitress when we come in (:
Joseph is the bomb dot com! This place is awesome!!!You definitely need to try their Midori Sour!
Free shot for a review! Great ambience! And they work withy you with the music. You can chose from sky, jack Danields, Jameson, Jose traditional, and fireball.
Great food! And Antonio is dope, thank you for everything, ready to sing our night away, and great place to socialize
I love this place, especially the workers! Food is awesome and the selection of songs are big!!
Love it here its great! Awesome service food drinks and karaoke. A must visited place! The food is great and the they have a fullll bar!!!!!
Great place to kick it friendly staff.  Love it here. Check out the food menu! A great place to be with great people.
Great place but even better service and food...staff is really friendly and place is really clean!!
Great service! Fun place to come and hang out with friends and have a good time! Come check them out!
This place is totally daebak!!! I love the bar and the book shelves coffee shop concept...
Great nice guys. We're wonderful hosts. Would definitely come back. We're very nice. Handled everything smoothly. Was definitely happy with my service
Great Atmosphere. Great food and drinks. Antonio is a master behind the bar! If you are looking for a great hang, this is a place! The Korean short rib salad is amazing!
Awesome place!!! New and modern and cheap drinks staff is great too... New karaoke system
The best ... EVER ... definitely a place to go hang out ... very very friendly people and great great customer service
Great staff that they have going on here. Very friendly. The karaoke rooms has a huge variety of songs. Can't go wrong with this place.
Awesome place, great rooms, great song selection! They were super accommodating to our needs as a large party and were open late enough for us to have an awesome time after dinner. Highly recommend this place for a great time.
Place is the best! They have great bottle prices!!! Go in and order a round of shots. Great food menu.
Yo!! This place is so legit. Bomb music and drinks. The owners rock. Come. If your in Vegas, come on out and get your karaoke on bayybee
Dope music. Nice bar tenders. He atmosphere is cool. Modern and industrial bar. Can't wait to sing karaoke in the karaoke room.
Updated music, good service, very clean! Prices were good and they had lots of choices for food! :)
Great service, fun times, love this place! They have great deals on alcohol and the rooms are good quality! Their food was better than expected for a karaoke bar. And they were happy to service 10+ of us in the small room.
Great vibe and great service!  They treated my friends and I like royalty.  The drinks were good and the selection was great.
Such a great atmosphere! There's books and outlets. Karaoke and sushi! Looks like a great place to get work done that isn't a coffee shop. Drinks and food are well priced. Perfect place to hold an event!
When I think of karaoke I think of Antonio J karaoke is a great time for all ages! Great song  selection and excellent service. Antonio keeps the hits coming
Cozy, comfortable place, great sofa, hip music,  good for small group gathering.  Haven't notice this place until friend bought me here.  Will come back again.
Very fun, had a great time, Will be back again the next time we are in town. Antonio was he best host
cool place! drinks are great and service was awesome. we had a great time here tonight
Ambiance is very edgy! Best karaoke joint in China town!!! Great promotions with food and alcohol!
Great place to come sing. Awesome bartenders. Great place to hang out.Come check it out!!
Cool place to hang when not on the strip, cool and friendly staff.Also the food is great.
Awesome Karaoke Bar and lots of fun with friends!  Parking can be tough here but worth the effort.  Great bar and nice staff.
Free shots!!! Great ppls good music! Clean! In the. Middle of a busy place in chinatown so parking was hard...cute chicks...cheap drink too!!
Damn this place is awesome! Awesome interior and bar.. The music choice is good and the staff is friendly
Great food and good service.  Huge steaks.  They had a 16oz prime rib special for for $22.  They also have a full bar.  Don't let the sign on Hwy 60 fool you.  The restaurant is behind the building.  They have both inside and outside seating.
The prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly, and the french fries were great!!  Kid-friendly and clean. We'll be eating there again!
Great, quick & friendly service. We're ready to change my oil before I was even out the car
Awesome new cocktail bad focusing on grappa and grappa cocktails. They also have a few wines and beers.
Great stop if I'm craving, I've had better but this place still hits the spot. Nice people, decent price, and good food.
Amazing service !!!! A must go to in VegasThe guy name is Donnie Works with your scheduleBest prices in town Placed at a easy location
Love Love Love! Location & Food amazing!A bit warm inside as it's that time of year to crank up the a/c. But the staff & the quality of food worth being a bit warm!!
Loved this place! Love being able to challenge myself. They had awesome themes, and it's really great for team building.
Nice restaurant, their calzone is really good!I order the spinach calzone. It's full of cheese and spinach. I might come back to try other dishes!
Staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the e-juice is beyond good. I would recommend this place to anyone new to vaping or any vape veteran out there.
Would never go back. Terrible quality food. Bad service. Ignored allergy requests. Rolls put together sloppily.
The rolls were fresh and had a great combination of subtle flavor. The overall vibe, was relaxed and great for a dinner date. It was an amazing experience, great food great service. will definitely come back.
Really really fresh and delicious! Buy two rolls get one free! The staff is very sweet and friendly, too.
Good food, great service, great atmosphere! I would recommend to anyone! We had clean silverware, good wine choices, excellent service. Not sure what bad experience previous people had but maybe the wait staff improved.
Service EXCELLENT.Nourriture très bonne.Sont drôle, ils collent des post-it sur les mur pour se souvenir à qui vont les plats.  Sympathiques bonhommes.Bravo.
Good food, not pricy. The staff is great! I recommend getting all the dipping sauces for the fingers.
This place is really good. Great sauces and fries. I'd say it's better than Raising Canes and they have grilled chicken strips as well as fried ones. The salads are good too.
food is great. service is great!!It was Taco Tuesday- lunch for two was only $11 ! We will definitely be back!!
Lacks any kind of customer service. Opened late with no explanation or even an apology provided while waiting. Sloppy environment and last time I will visit.
Go to Tina for your pedicure, she gives the best massages! My pedicure always lasts a really long time as well. I exercise a lot and have a lot of callous from being sweaty and in tennis shoes all day, and she always smooths them out for me.
Love this place !!! Very attentive!!! Definitely coming back!! Come see hailey she's amazing !!!!!! And the place is adorable .
Best store, experience, dresses and prices ever!!!! I am obsessed with my dress!!!! Best bridal store in the entire valley! Don't miss this one!
Really good & affordable waffles. A must go when in Vegas!!!Delicious and every other synonym
Tommy makes the best drinks!!!!!  And is soooo fun, makes you feel right at home!  Husband and I came here after a long day and it was da best!
Cute place and the bartender Tommy is AMAZING!!! Definitely recommend for drinks on the weekends and they play good music.
Awesome food and drinks at a good price. Fun atmosphere and a great place to watch the Steeler games. Owners are very accommodating and pass out small bites to enjoy.
Very warm and cool bar....great beer selection....one of my new favorites .If you like a good bar....check it out.Pizza looks good....will have next time
Great service. Great selection. Great food. Highly recommended. Keith was an excellent host, more than attentive and very knowledgeable.
Almost walked by this shop in Fashion Square without stopping!  So glad I stopped!  Thanks Jess!  Lovin' your artwork!
This place sucks. Cool arcade tho. Mini golf is too simple. 3d is cool. Run down. Rather go to the other mini golf places. But if you want to check this place out go ahead. You've been warned.
Very small, but fun family owned place. People who work there are nice and helpful. The 3D part of the golfing was new to us and unique. The place wasn't crowded, which made it easier to slow down and enjoy the place.
Amazing! Love this place! Great soups, salads, and sandwiches. Soup Nazi-esque soup. Get the pick two combo and try two things at once. Love the clam chowder and enchilada chili. I just wish they would build one at Mesa Riverview or downtown Mesa...
Comfortable, friendly atmosphere and good service to boot!Staff is attentive and easy on the eyes.... if you like that kinda thing!
We came excellent for a birthday lunch for my sister in law.  Excellent food.. Kelley at the bar was an excellent bartender.
Awesome quick service and delicious food! Love the pasta bread bowls! Close to shopping and freeway. Only thing is the wait time to get in is ridiculous.
Great customer service! Very helpful! I was unsure about getting a security system but after working with Synergy Security I'm so glad I did!
Great place !! Brunch is the bomb food and drink always good- this place is huge- they started the luau all you can eat for $15- patio is greet and they have music today love this place
Great new place to bring the kids and the dog!   It's just what this area needed to breathe new life into the nightlife scene.
Finally open!!!!!! Best theater in town best sound and video quality!!!!!!! We were the first to sit in it and sadly the first to leave a mess lol
I love this Hawkins theater, i literally go here almost every other week. There seats are very comfortable
Brand new theater.  Many screens.  Late showtimes.  Comfy seats, as all the theaters are turning to these days.Concessions are a joke.  Expensive as you'd expect.  Sneak in candy like a good American.
New theater so it's very clean. The staff is curtious and keeps up the cleanliness.Good service is fast and friendly as well. Prices are typical Harkins.
Great place to come to, staff is super friendly and it's always clean! Have been here a few times and every visit is always great :)
Best nail salon ever! Friendly, clean, and great quality nails! The color selection is large and the staff is willing to do any designs and even suggest style, color, or designs that would look good. Love this olace!
I love the way they're with people so friendly and I'm so happy I will b back .. Great service..
Absolutely delicious!!! I had the Sinful Grilled Cheese! It was amazing!!!! I also tasted a little of the duck meat which i was a little scared to try but that was also delicious!!! And the white chocolate mousse!!!!
Great food, great people. Very friendly! We had pulled pork and rib tips. Yum. My dad lives in queen creek and suggested it. Great local spot.
Hands down best collard greens and bbq in the valley.  Great soul food.  Owners very friendly
Great people and great food :) first time here and I'm definitely coming back and bringing my roommates from school... Inexpensive and great on my budget.... :) better than lolo's
Amazing BBQ and friendly owners make you feel right at home!I love the ribs and potato salad! I want to go there now! Yum!
Our family's favorite restaurant in the area. The symphony fries are fantastic. The red velvet waffles are so unique and go perfect with the chicken. The greens are so tender and perfect.
Love, love, love this place. The food is fresh, healthy, well priced and delicious.  Husband loved the pho and the forbidden rice with salmon was so good. I'm so happy to have a healthy option in this part of town.
Very fresh food. Very good Mac and cheese! I recommend it! Very good healthy food and service!
In my experience, this particular Pizza Hut has exceptional customer service. They deliver when they say they're going to deliver, the pizzas are great, and they are fair priced.
Fast pizza, took no time at all to make and it was fresh, hot and delicious! Also, friendly service!
So glad your back Best stir fry in town Have miss this placeNo one does it betterIt was sad when u left there was No one to ever replace the wonderfulFood and atmosphere that you created
Insanely good,and a great deal.My favorite place in Las Vegas!Freshest veggies and best meats here,they don't mess around.I come here 3 days a week or more.YOU GOTTA EAT HERE
Place is so good love coming here to eat when I have the chance :) I average at least once or twice a week now... Plus they are close to me too
Place is so good love coming here to eat when I have the chance :) to eating here and if a place is a good place with good food everyone really nice cause some place the workers are just rude or just look like they don't wanna be there... I like it here Real smiles I say.. Plus it's all you can eat good for me and my family
great food, tastes great !! service is excellent. i will be back. the restaurant is clean & the ingredients are fresh. there is plenty of room for large parties.
Hole in the wall but food is really good. Actually a clean and nice place! Try the beef kebabs for sure. Authentic soup and kebabs!
First time here and I love it ! I will be back for sure. The food tastes great with the Asian/Latino blend.The staff is friendly and their area is very clean. This is located at the Desoto Central Market along with a number of other restaurants. I love the atmosphere of the Market. They have retained a lot of the looks and the features of the building which was built sometime in the 1930's! They have a parking lot on the south side of the building which is located at Central and Roosevelt in Phoenix. There is overflow parking lot at an adjacent church.
A refreshing change in the boring Phoenix cuisine. Highly recommended if want to liven up your palette instead of dining at some cookie cutter chain restaurant. Adobo Dragon is located in DeSoto Market which is was formally a DeSoto auto dealership. It's a wonderfully restored building with a quaint casual atmosphere.
D-Lish! The ice cream cookies are so friggn good!!!! I took the Fam there and we all agree that this place is our new favorite !!!!
As soon as you walk in the store thr smell is amazing.... The fresh cookies are delicious and the customer service is amazing! I recommend this place to every ice cream lover!
Been to most sushi restaurants in Edinburgh and would say this place is up there with the best.Great sushi very fresh great service.Would definitely go back.
Love this place! So happy they opened a location 5 minutes up the road!!! They have a gel called 'rockstar' which is worth every penny!! I always get gel mani and gel pedi, and it is such a great little spot. My new nail place!!
Here at Pink Nails with my wife. Great services and very good employees! Tao is the best!!!
My nails have never looked and felt so FABULOUS!!! I love their color selections and their friendly helpful staff! Overall the best experience in Las Vegas!
The atmosphere and staff are absolutely amazing here!!! I love coming here!!! Whatever color you're looking for they have it here.  I come here every three weeks religiously. I wouldn't go any where else. My sister comes here too. I recommend all my friends and family.
Love it here! Great location, friendly staff, and never a long wait. I never make an appointment and I'm always seen right away. The shop is well decorated and extremely clean. Very reasonable prices and great nail color selection!
clean, friendly and relxaxing! need i say more ! im imprsedd by the nail polish selection! it's pretty up to date. ooo and if your having a bad day must try the ice cream mani pedi
Great food. Great atmosphere! Get the meatballs. They are amazing. 40 draft beers and 60 bottles and cans. Good stuff.
Mob Boss Sicilian Pizza was delicious! Amazing Cesar salad! Also enjoyed the Cal Italia pizza and Montepellier Pinot Noir wine.
Can't wait to try everything on the menu. So far I give it a 100%. Our server Vinnie was fantastic. He was right on with the refills and taking the order. We will be back.
Yummy brunch menu with bottomless mimosas and sangria! The Mexican breakfast pizza and Pizza Rock Benedict were delicious. Can't  wait to check out the rest of the menu!
Great food and decor, not too expensive and awesome homemade hot sauce. The service is great and the menu is pretty varied. There's a lot of Japanese and Korean food. The ramen portions are pretty big too.
Delicious and interesting flavors. Not your average gelato store. I love that the specials change so there is always something new to try or you can stick to your favorites. Mint chocolate chip for me!
The chocolate sorbet is tasty here! They have a great selection of gelato which always appears to be fresh. The interior design is trendy and clean. Staff is friendly and professional, always feel welcomed here. This place is a must try if you like gelato
I'm sorry i forgot to add to my last post. I highly recommend this cafe! Great service & amazing food and smoothies!
Had a great time relaxing and watching some football with Tyrone! Prices are good even for a casino! My only suggestion is more seats, but there is plenty of standing room and Five 50 pizza is available right next door.
Best wings around hands down. Super crispy and juicy just like a wing should be. I will no longer be going to wing stop this place is the sh*t
Fitness-Cycle-Yoga-CrossFit Reveal. Very clean and they have a kids area. First two classes are free and their cycle class is awesome!
Love this place, so friendly. Great job Sandy!!  Lots of smiling faces. Very accommodating.  Convenient area too.
Great place! Friendly and nice environment! Close to my work and easy to stop in on lunch break! Definitely recommend this nail salon!
Attention to detail and the nicest ladies ever! My Scottish husband even enjoyed his pedi!
Horrible service left with my nails looks bubblely and the paint peeling right off. The guy applied 4 coats of nail polish and two coats of the matte top coat . Now I am left having to go somewhere else to have the nail polish removed and redone because I will definitely not be wasting money at this salon again . I feel ripped off after paying the amount that I already paid to be left like this .Every time I pointed something out wrong he would apply another coat of polish
Old skool burger is great.  Love the bun.  This place has only been open for three days and the place looks great.  TVs are needed for the games and I was told they were being installed tonight.
The food is delicious, presentation clever and service helpful and friendly. The lamb ribs are to die for, but we also loved the pork bullets and burger. The fries and onion strips are light and crispy. The meals can come with a side salad but I would like to see more vegetable entrees.
One word - Maple Bacon Donut Milkshake!Here are some other words - delicious ribs and big cans of fosters!!!
Great burger and tap beer! The Aussie burger was the bomb. Can't go wrong with bacon, cheese, egg, and a pineapple slice atop a juicy burger! The regular sized fries is more the size for 2 people. More than enough. Love the ambiance too.
Luv this place.. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!! I'll be back!!Never tried lamb before. Thought I would try it. & OMG.. It was sooo bomb!!! Luved it never had anything g like it. Luv also the fact that the chef himself personally comes out socializes with customers & asks how the food is if they need anything. def comin back next time my husband & I visit VIVA.
Gyro Wrap was fabulous and the atmosphere was great. Loved it. I didn't meet the review space requirement so excuse the random letters.. ShanakanababbananababsvbaNnbavavhanavsbznsjshbabanansnznbzbzbzvzbznNzbvzvsvzvVzbzbbzbzbbzbzbzbzbzbbznzn
Delicious food. Impeccable service. The colors of the place are just perfect and everything on this place looks always new and clean.In addition the food presentation is perfect
Excellent food, great service, friendly local restaurant  atmosphere.   Right around the corner from the Harkins 101 movie theater.   The salmon kabob was outrageous.
Beautiful setup. Great service. Amazing food.Good price point. Nice menu selection.Very accessible location.
Amazing cocktails and atmosphere. The cookie for dessert is delicious! Great place to check out with friends
Food was good def different but refreshing!  They just opened last Tuesday and for that I'm impressed. They have beers on tap and a patio deal for wine/beer/apps BOGO! Great deal! I had the sausage spinach linguine, which was very good and my husband had the skewers which were cooked to perfection!!! Chicken and beef which were Sooo good and they had a smoked flavor to them. We will come back
Amazing food and nice people.  I will be back very soon. This is the place to go for sea food!
Nice staff very good in what they do ! Highly recommended !!! Nice place and they have great service and affordable pricing . Will be my favorite place for bail works !!!!
D- licious!!! 2 coneys with extra onion and Rock & Rye!!!  Tastes like home :PP.s worth taking a 6 pack of Faygo home with you, because you'll be craving more the rest of the day.
So nice and clean!  I'm glad it's here. I don't have to drive so far now.  I've never been to a walmart with so many cashiers! I was in and out. I found what I needed to. Lots of associates asking if I found anything.  Good job.
Very good pizza, came twice and both time very good, it's a place to try, it's new and clean, open until late
The crepes here are sooo tasty. MmmmThey also have salads and sandwiches. Nice family owned place.
Awesome place to chill and have coffee and tea. Holly is super nice, as is everyone who works there.
Great food, great ambiance and love the look of this place!  Mr Brews has upgraded their interior and it looks amazing.
1 hour wait ridiculous and their was plenty of table to sit . No good for me going for the first time I really wanted to try it for the first time, but no!
Awesome place great service and plenty to choose from! I got the the pig bagel which has Ham bacon eggs cheese and banger served with fries very delightful and the server was on top of it!
Awesome place and food..... Now where are the bloody Mary's?  The owners are local and are great people. Be sure to put this place on your list.
Great food and menu selection. The decor is open and spacious. Never had steak with my breakfast, but I'm a fan now.  I will be back.
Lil bit of a wait but the food and service made up for it... The portions are huge and the food is great!! My best friend and I have been there twice so far.. We try to go to a new place every Saturday for breakfast but we always seem to end up here.. 6/6/15
One of the best kept secrets In Vegas. The food is delicious and the staff is super friendly!
Belgian waffle smells like heaven!! Little wait but oh so worth it!!! Everything tastes so good & such big portions!! Love this spot!
As good as it gets new favorite place everyone is very nice and the food is great! Had the steak & eggs wow .
Best place to go for Breakfast! First time trying this restaurant and going to be coming back again. Very happy me and my boyfriend had a breakfast date for our first time moving to Vegas from California.
Good Chinese Food 。I will back 。and water is so cool and handsome boy. I love here . Today I know it thought the newspaper .that's great
Awesome food... Chef Nick is amazing!!!! Great negroni's, and gnocchi! I would highly recommend trying the pizza, and the cannoli. It's by far one of the best in southern Nevada!!!!!!!!!!
Great place to grab a drink and hang out. Plenty to choose from. Definitely try the top 10!
Wonderful, just wonderful!  The food is amazing, the owners are warm, funny and friendly. Feels so good to be there! . 5 stars!!!  I highly recommend this restaurant!
Delish! Service is great! The pizze was so authentic I went back the next night to try the calzone and that didn't disappoint either!
See my check in for my write up. Great place. Awesome food and super cool staff. I recomend this place as a chill local bar for dinner without question.
Amazing service... And amazing food! Absolutely love!!! Prices are so affordable and the employees are welcoming and friendly.
Good food we go once a week close to the best in the valley! Really good beef pho also the lemon grass chicken is awesome!!
Very tasty and at a great price.  Spring rolls, fried rice, pho, and boba were awesome!
A bit pricey and slow service. Food was just ok.  Wish The Mill was still there. Will not be back
This place is amazing! How did it take me this long to find this place???? Ivy and Sonny are funny and will go the extra mile.... The prices are great and they are perfectionists! Win - Win!
This place is amazing everyone is so nice and the place is very clean music is great and everyone is enjoying ice cream
Wonderful place to go get your nails done! Son, Ivy and Heather are great at what they do. They keep it very clean and sanitary. Candy Nails offers all the " new stuff" when it comes to nail options! From the classic French to aquarium nails and mood changing polish, they do it all!!!
Candy nails never disappoints ! I love how my nails came out AGAIN !  son and ivy run a great shop that feels just like home . Such a warm welcoming environment! I can't wait to go back ! Plus they have specials where you can get something when checking in !
Best drive good experience definitely worth the money best 150$ that I  spent in Vegas you would love it
Love this place, the gyro with the soup is a tasty treat. The casual interior is comfortable and welcoming.
Good food and good service!!! A friend and I stopped in wanting to try the local dish and we were happy to find this nice little courtyard on a late warm afternoon.  We ordered 2 types (the sausage and smoked meat) and enjoyed both. Beers were good too!
Service: good or BTAFood: which is the most important factor of a resturant. Everthing taste average or even worse. i will not come back again.
Lovely place! Awesome tacos! Awesome staff and owner! Always a pleasure to go there!My fav'z:- shrimp taco-al pastor- carnitas!
Don't put money into a permanent sign. You're not gonna need it in 30 days!  Food was average at best. Table service was extremely slow! Servers didn't seem to know who had which table.Manager reached out.  Gonna give them a second chance. Could have been honest server mistake on placing food order.
Best new nail salon in Henderson! Amazing staff. Everyone is super friendly. Great nail polish options
Love this place!  Great food and great staff!  Apparently some people #watchme, have a problem with leaves on trees.  Oh, well.  Can't fix stupid.  Christina is a great manager! Oh, and if you can't fit in the bathroom, maybe you should stay home.
Brandon thanks for the great bar service. Good food too. Had an enjoyable lunch. Nice environment and great staff. Very friendly and welcoming.  Can't wait to come back and try more menu items.
Georgette and Chris made our dinner so pleasurable!!The food was spectacular and happy hour small plates at half price are a true bargain.
Scumbags trying to scam the public.  This is Fraud No Service No Customer Service Nothing but a Scam
Traditional savory and sweet crepes. Just like in France. Try the Buckwheat savory Crepes (Galettes in French) and then follow up with a sweet crepe.
Such good crepes and the sweetest staff!  Yum!!  Try the pear with caramel...we split a savory and sweet crepe so we could have both!
Increible. Empanadas muy buenas a la proxima pruebo la mojarra. Una postobon de manzana fria y empanadas recien hechas con aji. Que mas es colombia?
Delicious food. Best Colombian food in Las Vegas! Made me feel like I was back in Medellin! I will definitely make this a regular stop!
Angela did a wonderful job on my massage. I highly recommend this place!!! Great staff and the facility is awesome. I really enjoyed my experience here!
Go see Jason, always hooks my boys up with the cut they like! Been looking for a new barber in Las Vegas,  2nd time we been here looks like we found our spot
Got right in. Billie did an excellent job. Very friendly and very reasonably priced. Would highly recommend if your in the area.
Love the new place in the hood.   Great customer service.   The "Scottsdale slim Jim's rock the world here.     You cannot go wrong here come early and stay long
Excellent atmosphere, food cocktails happy hour, all wonderful. We'll be back.Prices and menu very similar to their other restaurant, Arrowhead Grill in Glendale AZ.We sampled several appetizers, crab cakes, burger, Mac n cheese. All perfect.
Wonderful service and amazing food!! The menu has so much to pick from. Happy hour is amazing as well! And the manager is so kind & hospitable.
My new favorite south Summerlin Vietnamese restaurant.  Curry Pho was incredible!   Very clean restaurant, great service and huge portion sizes.  Met Annie she is a very attentive owner.
Freshly cooked food every time. Reasonable pricing and they offer military discount. I love their lemonade and toast. They use real chicken.
For some quality work you need to hit this guy up he goes above and beyond, he makes sure you leave with a piece you can be proud to wear for life thanks!!
Great place for kids wonderful staff. I've been to this place probably over 40 times the food was good the staff was great and the boys I nanny always have a fabulous time thanks for making it so kid friendly.
Love it! Great view from the patio, awesome service, tasty scones. Coffee was perfect. The croissant was fresh and went well with the coffee.
Cold brew with caramel is where it's at!! Soo good!  Also, the bagels are the best bagels ever and you have a variety of options in regards to cream cheese.
Easiest and healthiest way to eat!!! Best bowls in town! My favorite is the chicken teriyaki bowl and everything is done fresh.
Kicks my butt every time!  I've lost over 10 lbs since I started.  The whole crew is awesome.  Every class has a trainer.
Awesome work out and 5 star customer service! Loved this studio and the instructor. Great class for all fitness levels. All new equipment top of the line.
An excellent pest control company. I highly recommend them. Highly knowledgeable about the pests that are found in this area. Bradey is really nice too!
Delicious. Highly recommend the pot stickers. Service was excellent. The atmosphere was nice too. Will definitely be back.
This place is great ... Good, service, atmosphere price ... All 5 star! Very cool! Ramen noodles are brilliant. Great range of sushi too.
Food is just ok and the service is terrible! So so slow-cool ambiance but other than that I suggest you go somewhere else for more variety
Good food and very spicy. Noddles are really good. We had the hot pot stick it's good shrimp and fish balls are pretty good.
Small hidden, clean nice staff good food. Had the house special noodles very refreshing.
Great service and absolutely delicious food! Must try the beef hot pot!!!!!!! Mmmmm glad we stopped in.
Very good food excellent taste highly recommend little secret spot! Try the street style noodles very delicious
great customer service. We ordered chongqing noodle and fish stockpot. Delicious! Will come back next time.
Great food and service. Very authentic. Go to this place for spicy food. The noodles are goods try the pig ear.
Nice place, nice menu! I liked the atmosphere and the food looks delicious. They have a A rating as well.
We had so much food and loved it.Pork belly- checkWhite Castle burgers -checklobster roll - checkspring rolls- checkSweet crepe - checkBeer nuts - checkCoconut/chocolate cookies - checklychee frozen boba drink to chase it all down.
It's Hooters. You know what you're getting. Does this need a review? Hot wings that you can count on. Domestic brews and sports on the TV. America in a room!
This place is amazing!!! New clean and professional environment!! Highly recommend their happy feet pedicure
Jenny did a fantastic job on my pedicure, I highly recommend her!The atmosphere was beautiful! They have two large flat screen TVs and gorgeous chandeliers that line the ceiling. I'm definitely coming back!
Best Chinese restaurant around PERIOD.Ask for the authentic Chinese menu. This place is new and has been updating their menu quite often. The flavor is overall pretty authentic.
Got a free bed frame just for checking in here!  Our salesman "Josh" was very helpful he fit us in a bed and didn't lead us to the most expensive thing.
Got a free bed frame just for checking in here! The service was great.   He got me fitted it what I needed not the most expensive thing.
Mmmm great gyros, tasty, ample portions and fresh!  The pita bread was soft and fresh.  At first it didn't look like there were any fresh vegetables on the gyro but they were hiding :)
Great barber shop would highly recommend both the barbers can cut extremely well. Thanks my sons like there new cutz.
Best ramen soup in montreal! Amazing veggie option! A must visit in montreal! The staff is friendly, the place is cute. I just want to go again and again! Oh its 99.9999999% amazing but.... I could use a cold beer or a sake with my ramen! Maybe they are working on it;) please go and try it!
Food is not great and very over priced for the quality.. place is run by kids.. we had the Greek fries and they were nasty with salad dressing and the cheesesteak was over priced.
Delicious fajitas and awesome chips guacamole!  Won't be disappointed.They don't serve beer yet but it saves you room for the food. The chips are freshly made. The fajitas are seasoned  perfectly. This family restaurant is clean and the service is friendly.
Best shop on the planet! These guy really know what they are doing. The owner Kaolin is the man! He wants everyone to succeed and have fun on bikes! Him and the entire staff will make sure you have an awesome experience!
I'm normally one to let people have their own experiences with businesses out there. I really like to brag on businesses that exceed my expectations and rarely hammer on those that don't but I've been so badly mistreated by one that I feel I must warn others.  Unfortunately, due to the abhorrent customer service, profoundly demeaning ego of the staff, and completely inept technical ability of the Flat Tire bike shop in cave creek, I will be taking my business elsewhere. I recommend you do, as well.
Good secluded location.  The food was a little mediocre for my taste.  There was absolutely nothing special about it.  It's like plain ol house breakfast that anyone can make at home.  For what it is, it is pretty pricy.  Nonetheless, waiter was nice and the restaurant was nice and roomy.
The best, Jerry.  The best.The octopus Tako and the pumpkin spice Margarita were amazing.
Cool dog and tot place.. clean and fresh. I had the Tucson Sonora Dog..The mix of Avocado and Bacon on the dog was delish. This place will thrive on Gilman as it sits next to the Cheba Hut just off the main University Avenue drag. Cool decor. Reminded me of being on 1st or 2nd Avenue on the lower East Side in Manhattan.  Good portion of tots as well..won't disappoint and walked away feeling full. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other selections. Hopefully this place won't be displaced if Madison allows HUB 2 to be built.
Awesome food great service...my new favorite spot to eat downtown. Try the chicken oysters for an app ...the fish is delicious I had the sea breem
Great venue, great service, good food! Loved this little gem. The staff were knowledgable and the food was good. The highlight for us was the burger and the Brussels sprout salad.
Very good, affordable super tasty food. Some items can be hit and miss, but mostly it's tasty and reasonably prized.The curry cauliflower and the corn are both great.Not enough people know of this place, so tell your friends and go hang out.
I usuall hit this spot 2 times a week.  They keep the restaurant very clean.  Great food.  Great prices.  Nice service.  Try them out!!
Great food. Super fresh. I will definitely be back.They made it, made to order. Ingredients are fresh and they have not been sitting around all day
Wow! What great service, just great, super job 4 senses!! They were courteous, professional, very timely and did a fantastic job, so pleased!
Very professional and prompt. Efficient and quick. Very highly recommend! Check out his work at www.boldlounge.com
What a great festival!! Lots of great breweries from all over and definitely tried a few that I hadn't had before. The burgers introduced me to some new places too.
Expensive snacks on a roof deck with no view or atmosphere ... or service. The kids with Biergarten tshirts were too busy talking with each other (sitting at their own table) to realize the rest of us wanted to eat, drink, or pay tabs. The roof is sterile - no plants, painted mural is cute for a minute, ugly building dominates view. Lots of better roofs on which to enjoy a summer drink - and better food (pretzel & potato pancakes ok, mussels were a joke - fewer than 9 chewy spicy rather than smoked mussels served out of shell in a little sardine tin).
Tiffany did a great job, and I'll definitely be back!  I'm a very particular customer, and the cut was great. She was very patient and helpful.
Amazing place and family. A must while in LV. Had the tofu and it was perfect even though it was not on the menu.  Very friendly place.
Great food , well priced! Great service. We definitely will return and recommend friends! Keep it up
Great food and atmosphere. Best pizza I have found thus far. Friendly staff. Great prices. Large delivery area.
Great new bbq place friendly staff and amazing food!!!  The Danny classic is very good but the real winner is their bbq beans.  Good smokey flavor and hearty sauce.
Neighborhood gem. Good food, great service but unfortunately no alcohol license yet. We will definitely be back.
We love Arawan! The food is delicious! There is no better Thai food in Vegas. We have been coming to Arawan since they have been open at their old location. We LOVE the Pad Thai and their desserts are absolutely delicious and beautiful! The sticky rice is great and the Thai pancakes are good too.  This is a great place for date night! And the lunch menu is a great price! It comes with desert and a little bowel of soup.
The food is very good.Service is excellentI like it here.the tom yum soup.pad ThaiCrispy pork basil n the crab meat garlic rice, yummy. Price is reasonable.
Good food with a great view of the tracks in downtown Fort Mill. I had the Chicken & Bacon Waffles sandwich and it was delicious.
Great burgers, great local beer selection and great staff!  It's about time we finally got a great place to eat around here.
Very nice sports bars/restaurant.  Friendly staff and the food is pretty good . I was done working early that day so I had the rest of the day to relax. I ordered a chicken salad and it was delicious!  Later in the evening the place got more busy but the staff was still very attentive to all the customers.  I will definitely return again.
They have made such great renovations to this location.  I haven't tried the food yet, but I'm glad they serve it now.  Keri is awesome! She will take great care of you =)
Fabulous food. Reasonable prices. Very flavorful.  I would highly recommend this restaurant if you like Vietnamese food.
They nailed it!! Great flavor!! Carne asada, al pastor, carnitas, fish tacos and excellent salsa's.
Everything is so fresh & tasty. Love it! The Al Pastor, carnitas, & carne asada are so tasty. The corn is great too. Seriously everything I've had tastes fantastic. Service is also great. I will definitely keep coming back here.
Forget the Witchery. This is the best restaurant in Edinburgh! The food is fresh and amazing - also crazy amount of reasonably priced Scotches to try.
Great place to relax and to have a Sunday treat. I decided to have, after a long debate because everything looked delicious, the two years in a row award winning raspberry and white chocolate cupcake. We also shared a rich chocolate and peanut butter milkshake. Will definitely be coming back!
1 Word:  Amazing!  Food was so good! I had the Chicken Enchilada & chicken taco lunch combination & I couldve licked the plate lol not really but sooooo good!
Jessica is the Best hairstyle I've ever been to very professional and takes her craft seriously
Fresh ingredients and great taste. I get the coconut lather, strawberry ice and vanilla ice cream. Yummy!
Great service....prompt, fresh, delicious unique!The dessert is creative...try the pineapple coconut sorbet comes in a shape of a slice of cake! Relaxing atmosphere!
Peggy is amazing. You won't find anyone better, or more professional. Tons of knowledge and very informative.
Excellent all around Heather was awesome. A must try especially if new to waxing! Very nice atmosphere, clean and relaxed.
Heather is awesome. Definitely best brows in the game! The salon is clean and cute. Cool artwork in the rooms and always welcoming. Called at lunch and got an appointment for the night! Won't go anywhere else!
Excellent Selection Amazing Service I definitely recommend this shop!!!! They have a Huge selection of everything you can possibly ask for along with very high quality products & very low prices. I'm going to shop here as long as they stay open for business!!!
Excellent food and serviceHighly recommend The halibut and pork chops were perfectCrab cakes are perfection
Excellent service, friendly and fast. Will come back for waxing and facials. My wife loves this place and will only use and trust Eyeconic with her eyes. I like how close they are to the barber shop too. Ask for refreshmemts while you wait :)
Very good buffet at a great price. So glad it's here in Steele Creek!  Great place for lunch!
Food is not bad but I didn't like the service. Don't think will go back. Masala chai was a letdown, being Indian restaurant, probably need lesson on that. Starbucks chai latte taste much better.
Great place to get your vaping needs. Owner is hella Cool very ftiendly. Jucies are great
Best place to get flip flops or a reasonable price! Super nice manager running the shop. Great customer service! Every time I have been in there the staff is super friendly. Locals get 15% off which is nice that they show love for us locals!
Go see Jill in the wine bar... She's awesome!!! Bloody Mary's are great...wine is great also... A Pittsburgh must...
Congratulations! Beautiful Spot! Best place to get Fresh 2 Def! Extraordinary talent, precision, and class. Jae Kutz definitely takes barbering to a different level. Crafty, personal, and welcoming to his clients. Not only does his take his time to get you looking right, but he treats you like Family!5 Stars!
This place is amazing great drinks and great service :) the bartender was so nice and helpful
We love fresh box! Especially make your own !!!! The restaurant is right next to my sisters house so when we lunch together, this is the place we go. I love all the added extras like seeds. As a vegetarian I'm always looking for creative protein options and they have a ton!
Great restaurant. Get the lobster! It's the best that I've ever had! Must try! Service is amazing as well. Everything was great and I have to come again!
WOW the Curry Goat and plantains were incredible I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for something different and good.
Service slow. Tables dirty. Cool view of the game. Organization getting a bit chaotic. Some Tables are stand only!
Great spot! Love the look. Great food! Beer, wine and fresh juices! The pies are out of this world. Short rib was amazing!
This place is the biggest disappointment. The donuts are extremely small, and the chocolate glaze is crap.
Great setup, awesome glass humidor, and nice facility all together! If you want to stop by for a beer and a smoke, you've come to the right place!
Lack of premium liquor choices. While we did not done there, at least the place looks upscale. Will return for taste test "after" I've learned the bar has updated.
Great vibe. Good coffee. Light meals. Excellent wifi.If you need a place to meet or just a place to read & relax this would be a great option.  Bigger than most coffee shops.  Great coffee, tea, sandwiches, salads and even soup.  This morning I "tested" out the cinnamon pecan roll...you are welcome.  It passed the test.  They also have breakfast deliciousness.
Robin is the best this is the place. Best set of stiletto nail I've ever had this place is so nice and clean and the staff is super welcoming
Great service, great team! Super happy with everything. You won't be disappointed! I wasn't sure how it everything would work out, and everything is perfect. I feel safe.
Wonderful people, with a wonderful restaurant!!!! Get hooked!!!! I had the 1/2# brisket and it was amazing! Tried all their BBQ sauce and feel in love with the Buck Sauce..has a gentle heat to it.
Nice new place to dine. Friendly folk and a LOCAL business come support them. I should have finished this review off a couple months ago. The hummus is great and the food we have was very good quality.
Probably the best macaroons ever!!!!!! I recommend this place ate here in NYC and my belly will be happy lol
Love this place!!! Delicious cookies and great service! Love it love it love it! My favorite is pistachio and coconut yammmmmm
Yarin was great! Recommended the most amazing flavors! Truly amazing!!! The best in Arizona.
Awesome service & great treats best macaroons in the state I will come back for sure. And Yaron was so helpful thank you
Best Lebanese on Wellington!! The staff is very friendly and if you're in need of late night eats it is definitely the place to come. Open till midnight Sunday-Wednesday and Thursday-Saturday till 1am.
Is so good ! I like this place ! The noodle is so yummy ! So good so good !        The customer service is awesome !             Mongolian beef pancake only $5  !
Best noodles I've ate in Vegas!!!!Love the decoration!Everyone is so nice!And the food is amazing!!!Really makes me feel like I'm back in Taiwan!A must come place for the best Chinese food!
good food, terrible terrible service. I will not recommend this to any of my friend tho
Me and my boyfriend love this place great food! It's a little small though you are sitting side by side with other tables.
Great food and cold drinks and off track betting so great every one should come by and see the changes
Definitely prefer this place over Tofu Hut or any other all you can eat Korean BBQ! Price is a bit more but personally, it's worth it. Plus, their choice of sides are MUCH more and the variety of meat a and flavors are what brings me back! My boyfriend and I like this place a lot. We don't mind spending more for our buck because customer service is well in good hands and food tastes better. Oh and lastly, I'd just like to say the environment is fun and it is CLEAN.
Best Korean Eat All you can in Vegas! Server Jaybyn is the best he's awesome in everything
The salt n oil sauce was amazing!! The fish cake was super delicious. This place does not have rice paper
Great food and nice atmosphere. My first Korean bbq experience. I'll be back. Parking in the plaza is difficult but there are spots I the street as well.
They are sweet and amazing .The receptionist is sweet and make you feel welcomed.  I came to get my lashes done and the lash lady was also nice.  She took her time doing my lashes,  after she was done I was satisfied.
I love my lashes! This place is so nice, calm, and relaxing. Definitely worth it! My lashes feel so light that I don't even know they are there. This was my first time coming and they have definitely set the bar!
Raising cane's     Is the best chicken meal that u can get in Casa Grande . We went there on Saturday , our meal we ordered was nice and hot .
It was nice to try once but pricey and will not come back.  Bob tried their award winning entree it was a two star entree called Cochinta Pibil.  I had the Spinach Salad with grilled chicken.  That was good.  I din't like Bob's dish either.  The wait time was 46 minutes.  It took another 45 minutes to get food.  We were ready and ordered as soon as we were seated.
The casa Margarita was vile. It's worse than pre made grocery store blend. Skip it.The service here is horrible. We had 6 waiters walk by our table and none of them helped us.I hope this place gets better. They haven't been open long maybe it will improve...
Amazing food. Great service.  Staff I'd awesome we will be back. We are so happy to have this in our home town. Yummy
Cool concept, OK food, and good drinks but poor service and expensive. Update, I went there again with some friends - MUCH better service! Still spendy but everyone seemed to enjoy their food!
Fancy place, horrible food. The food came in my plate in less than 5 minutes. Everything seems to be microwable. Definetely is not a place i will ever go back. My girlfriend ordered a salad and it also was disgusting.
I love this place a latte! Huge macarons the size of your palm. Delicious cake pops. Awesome hand pressed paninis! Me and my girlfriend come here all the time and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. If you're in the mood for new and exciting flavors, illumilatte is the place to go. We got a Nutella macaron, a birthday cake macaron and a red velvet cake pop. The cake pop was moist and delicious. The Macarons where the best that we have been able to find in Las Vegas. The salted caramel latte is amazing and so is the green tea frap. My girlfriend got it with chocolate chips blended in, and it is a must try!! Overall this is a great place to go. Friendly staff, delicious food and drinks, and a great atmosphere.
Great sandwiches I love the roast beef great service to I wish this place was closer to my house
Spicy ramen was to die for love this place. Keep up the good work guys. You won't be disappointed
Best burger I can remember ever having.  The mob burger is a must get.  Also the poutine is solid too
Best Nail Designs & Best Products! Love my nails every time I leave! Christine is the best. Professional, great location, great atmosphere & best products! You'll never go anywhere else after you visit Christine!
Friendly staff and delicious food!!! I ordered the lechon kawali and it was truly delectable. I love the feeling that this place gives me, I feel at home here. You can really tell the food here is homemade and truly is filipino!!! Love it!
Veggies aren't fresh. Employees are rude. And the only reason I gave 2 stars is they had that really cool coke machine.
Love this place! Quick delivery and delicious food! It's an awesome change for the area, we need more places that deliver around here! We normally get the falafel pita with lots of fresh veggies and hummus. I do wish they had better sides!
****It was a very pleasant experience. I didn't not feel rushed or pressured. I will be a continued shopper in the future. This store has a pieces of jewelry on any budget.****
Servers are very friendly and knowledgable about beer- wonderful place!! Setting is in Old Port and the atmosphere is really comfortable and relaxed.
Amazing service. Great atmosphere and good beer. Love it!!!!!!We stopped in to get out of the heat and were pleasantly surprised. Highly recommend.
Great job, even with a little construction they did an amazing job.  It's clean and everyone seems very happy even with the 1000 degree weather
I like Smooth Brew!Awesome Espresso Shake!Great place to catch up on my email and meet co-workers
Everything was very smooth! Fast service. Beautiful atmosphere. Not too loud or awkwardly quiet. A huge assortment of flavor a and modifications to your taste or preference of your coffee. During a hot day, it felt good to sit in that cool coffee shop and sip on hot coffee still! Good work.
Love it. Had a horchata latte the other day and it was superb. Can't wait to go back and try something else!
Definitely in the top 5 dumplings in Montreal. They have unique flavors like red curry chicken. Yummy
Best place in Town for a relax night eating dumplings and sake ! The spicy kimchi is all right. Try the fried or steamed beef curry dumpling !
Awesome ipa, clean, crisp, and soooo flavorful. Cool realized atmosphere. Will trurn to try the black gold porter.
Amazing food, better then Gino's and Pat's in Philly. We will be back for sure. Next time I'm getting the Philly cheese steak fries. Great service too.
This place is legit and friendly, quick service! Hands down the best cheese steak I've had outside of philly! I don't frequent this area often but I was picking up my son from a birthday party and I noticed "Straight From Philly" cheese steak so I had to check them out. It was bangin! I'll be back! Oh and because it was "Fri day" I got free fries with my cheese steak. Meaty, cheesy, greasy and the bread was on point too!
They had free pizza tonight ! A huge line but well worth it !!! I would defiantly go here again - prob one of the best pizzas houses in town !
Great food and amazing customer service. Food comes out very quickly and staff is on top of their game. Can't wait until cools down to enjoy the patio.
Chipotle-like assembly line pizza. Pretty good, great prices. The bbq chicken was tasty but could have used more bbq sauce. Crust is very thin and crispy so if you like that style definitely try this place.
Great pizza. Service was great and the the prices are reasonable. I would recommend it.
Chipotle of pizza places. Extremely good, fast, and cheap. My family loves it here! Con: dinner time can be extremely packed with long wait times. Overall worth it.
Free Kid's Jamba Juice Day!!!! Despite the heavy traffic, they were fast and pleasant. Plus, I also got a BOGO free survey receipt. Will definitely be back.
Great brands, low prices! Friendly workers and clean environment. Love this place. Can't wait to come back
Nice hamburger awsome..cool music..food is fresh made to order took awhile but worth it..
Great company. Friendly people and great service. Have worked with owner for several years. Never disappointed.
Awesome company .. Very professional and prices are amazing! I get my blood drawn once a week and this place was simply great...
Amazing food! Get the enchiladas! The enchiladas are amazing, can't wait to go back!
Awesome place!   So glad we came.  The food, atmosphere, and service was great!   Been really missing Japanese noodles since coming east.   Definitely will be back!
Une autre belle réussite de Martin Juneau! On reconnaît son style fin et précis, allant de paire avec la carte des vins!
Wonderful customer service, delicious coffee, & very well priced! Building is also very cute
Rob was very professional and knowledgeable. Quick response and very competitive pricing. I would recomend them
Mad Greenie juice was awesome!!!   Natural sodas.  Locally sourced produce.  Pretty great salads.
Worst customer service.. Gave my food awayDon't even want to eat it.order just sat for 5 minutes with out  a word from the cashier
I followed them from Monticello and they are still fabulous. They are really nice people who do a really great job.
I got the yellow currie with chicken, it was very good. Can't wait to go back and try other things.
Best Pad Thai around...great appetizers will continue to eat there anytime!!  Thai Fried Rice good, I added chicken last week and beef this week...YUM. Thai Dumplings tasty too, nothing bad yet!
We love this place! Great food for a good price. The curry dishes are our favorite! They deliver pretty quickly and the drivers are always friendly! Highly recommended!
Good food and excellent friendly service! Authentic Japanese ramen. The menu items are priced very reasonable too!
Always great to get my hair done by the best Conny Wissenback!! Would not go anywhere else totally worth the drive for me.
Amazing tacos. Interior is tight but the food is always great.  Not a place to sit down to eat and linger.  Think street food in a store front and you'll fall in love. Serve is somewhat fast despite the place always being slammed with orders. The menu has staples but at the same time there is almost always something innovating simmering to be served up for the day.
Great food great service. Excellent experience. Thank you. My new favorite. I will tell all I see about the great food and service.
Beautiful foods with a really friendly and warm owners. I love this restaurant and the crazy desert they offer to try.
The staff was very friendly and efficient. I had the pad ke mao, so good!! My friend had the Thai salad  with shrimp. The dressing on that was so good!! They let us buy some to take home. Thai iced teas were also tasty. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. Excellent food!! I'm coming back often!!! Yummy!
What a great find! You forget you're in the airport! They can do gluten free and Paleo substitutions.
Front end staff and managers NOT friendly. We stopped by for a few items! No smiles even after smiling at them!I'll probably be going to Copps from now on
Excellent food, service, and prices.  The three of us were very satisfied.  Walking in we were immediately seating by friendly hostess.  Waiter was attentive and aware if anything was needed.  Waiter brought us refills before we asked for them; a sign of a great waiter.  Food was very good with good portions and the prices were very reasonable.
Good food. Loud tho hope da food is tha same. They have my wife drinkin beer lol food had been beyond expectation so far
Food was yummy! Our server Brandon was AWESOME his knowledge of the food was very impressive.
Great food and great service highly recommended. Go there for brunch and try the French toast you won't be disappointed
Love this place! Ahi tacos and buffalo cauliflower is my favorite!! Gets pretty busy for dinner so I suggest going early! Pizzas are huge.. Even the kids pizzas!
Okay food, nice environment, average service at about $35 person. Might go back again next year for a second chance!
The micro beer and the burger was great, the taste of the micro brew had a nice fruit flavor that I never tried before.  My server was a super nice person
First time order food from this place..Love the meat Jun and the chow mein.big potions . will  recommend to all my friends
Absolutely wonderful poke, got the shoyu poke bowl and meat-jun.   rice was perfect and the cashier was very pleasant.    Definitely will be a regular here
Awesome place. Good coffee. I would recommend both carpaccio and mocha here. Now I am just type so Yelp lets me complete my comment and not bugging me about the comment being short. Anyways, the coffee is good
Tres gros et délicieux sandwich au poulet Je vais y retourner certains.Endroit très accueillant propre tres courtois
So glad this awesome sub placed came to Maricopa!! We love our subs "Mikes way"! The Staff has been top notch even during the grand opening. That's quite an accomplishment for a new establishment. Keep up the good work.
Amazing company. I have transformed my self and life with their guidance! Matt is extremely knowledgeable in the personal training field and he has the degree to back it up. They actually teach you to not be afraid of food too! Body solutions is more than just a personal training company it is a lifestyle making company!  I am proud to be on their team! #teambodysolutions #killitkillit
Excited for this New Mexican neighborhood bar and restaurant!   I really hope people discover them. It's a great thing for the area.  Fast and personal service!! Great food and salsa.
Great drinks very friendly people good food. I recommend this place. Great happy hour too
Love the food ! Great atmosphere ! Best Place to have breakfast, lunch and dinner ! Had the chimichanga today and it was amazing !
Authentic New Mexican Food!!!! The red chile is too die for!!!!Awesome food, awesome service! What more can you ask for!
You will love them. She treats the dogs like family. They love her. If you go make sure to ask for a blueberry facial. It makes their face smell like pie. Also she is busy so make your appointments in advance.
Yummy favors , nice service and huge portions. My kids and I will be coming back very often this summer for a cool treat!!
Good appetizers/drinks/LIVE music! Come on thru!Very chill atmosphere. It's so rad that folks created their own dance floor around the tables. Love the sweetness and FIRE in this place.
Had a light lunch off the buffet.   Great food and friendly server.     Good value for your buck.      Least expensive meal while in Vegas.  Would go again.
So good great price it's a must try! Sort of in a hidden spot I guess you can say it's like a hidden gem haha
Great food.  Excellent price.  The bowl was huge.  Way more than I could eat in one sitting.  All the ingredients were fresh, and high quality.
Super fresh & authentic!I LOVE their Uni Bowl!They have great deals after 10 pm every day. Must try! :)
You will see me and my husband here every weekend.  Very clean and super relaxing.  Price is very reasonable.  The staff are very friendly, accommodating and most of all very professional.  I highly recommend this place if you want to relax and be pampered.
We love this place Great coffee and doughnuts and very friendly owner We need to support local owned businesses such as this....
Delicious meal, great service!! I can't wait to come back. Second trip to this location and can't wait to come back!Highly recommend the lemon ricotta pancakes and the BLTE.Thanks!
Great beer, great bartenders, beautiful space! I really love the oatmeal stout, good morning Vietnam and razz hands!
This gelato is excellent and worth the drive from North LasVegas.  We tried raspberry sorbetto, cookies and cream gelato, and strawberry sorbetto. The portions are very generous and the service is excellent. You can try as many flavors as you want and they don't make you feel rushed to make a decision. You are able to mix flavors in one serving. Can't wait to come back.
Every flavor I've sampled has been delicious. Glad to have this place so close. They have savory flavors but I enjoy the more traditional flavors the best.
The best service I have ever had at a Chinese restaurant. Classes were always full, empty plates were always taken, and the owner and you even came out to talk to us making sure we were satisfied. Highly recommended.
Very good food, reasonably priced with large portions.  Clean and quiet.  Their dumplings and egg rolls were very good.
Great tasting bagels. Nice and clean shop. Very friendly staff. I will definitely be back
Great place for bagels. The menu isn't very big yet but it's still good. Clean inside and definitely more unique than most other bagel joints.
Best swimsuit selection in all AZ and super professional and friendly staff! It was hard for me to pick just one. The owners do a great job carrying a selection fit for all body types.
Crack fries. Nothing else matters about this place. If you are into beer, they have a HUGE selection. Atmosphere is fun too. But seriously just go for the crack fries.
I miss this incredible coffee joint terribly! Best coffee in Montreal! Such a gem in such a vibrant city!
I love the atmosphere here and the donuts  also the coffee omg I wish I lived closer!
Best IT company in town hands down. Very knowledgeable and reliable. Will use again in the future
Best place to do a juice cleanse in Las Vegas. Affordable and tastes great.The reward system gives a generous discount twords your initial purchase just for signing up also.
Clean and inviting nail spa. Friendly service. Awesome spa chairs, great pedi. Lucked out picking this on a whim while visiting LV for the weekend. Would be a regular if I lived here. They have several spa-like options to max out your pampering.
Really really yummy! Clean and very nice service! I can't wait to go back!The chili chicken is amazing! I hope they open up the patio for outdoor dining when the weather gets a little nicer!  I've been twice now and birth times have been of excellent quality,taste,and service!
Best food in Vegas. Must checkout spot in Vegas. Great Indian food. The cook is world class and the server was awesome.
Just died and went to heaven. Love this place.  Everything in the menu is fantastic. Also try a Kingfisher beer.
Gobi manchurian, so awesome!  Loved the Vindaloo!  Not the best location but the place was clean and the servicer was helpful. I would come back to try other specialties.
Our sever was awsome.  Food was great. Very nice decor. Will def come back. We ordered the artichoke stuffed chicken. Was very good and the creme brûlée was the best. Good wine selection and reasonable prices.
Cute salon. Great prices! Walk-ins accepted. Nice stylists!!! Waiting for my friend to get a trim and deep conditioning from Tina (who did an amazing job with my friends hair) and decided to get a quick mani and pedi. Michelle (who is mainly a hairstylist) did a wonderful job on my nails. She has the Gentlest touch!
First experience today and I am hoping it will be better the next time .Prices are in the high side but the food was well prepared . I'll try other items next time .
#chickfila please come and save #lasvegas . The food looked better than it tasted . Just a personal opinion . Clean cool store
Everything we had was great! Heard about this place from some friends and we tried it out. Will be back for sure.
If you want great pizza this place is a must! Besides delicious pizza the food is great too! Awesome lil family owned mom n pop kinda place! Definitely a must taste!!!
Awesome place! Definitely a must if you're  a fashion bug!!!!! Really like the style 1920s to 80s style. , found lots of treasures!
Excellent service and they have Khalil mamoon hookahs which is awesome )Recommend this place for everyone ,the employee was extremely professional and I liked the way he took care of me .Definitely gonna come back !The shop is new so feel free to check it out ,also I liked variety of products they had
The food is delicious !! The Staff is very friendly !! I'm eating here all the time. The pot stickers are hand made the curry crab puffs have so much flavor! The Singapore noodles are my favorite!!
The best Sonoran hotdogs ever!!! You want to bring friends and family to come and try it out.
Great place! I'm happy I have one near where I live! Service, ehhh. The place gets busy pretty fast once they open, so hurry up!
Seriously just go grab a burrito at the BP next door and heat it yourself. This place is a joke -- and I'm not kidding :-)
Very good coffee spot for downtown working people.The pastries are amazing...make sure to try the crumble.
Very good coffee spot for downtown working people. They also have excellent venoiseries.
Good wings! Tried the hot and lemon pepper wings. Located at the Venetian hotel food court, which is where we were staying and right by our elevator. Staff was friendly.
Great beer and even better atmosphere.  Evolving lineup of inventive beers and friendly staff.  Feels like home!
Jess was the best.  Made us feel like we were her only table tonight.   Left overs will be great for lunch.
Great food and service.  We will definitely be back:)Had the stuffed mushrooms for appetizer, wedge salad and prime rib, everything was amazing.....  finished off with lemon cake, yum!!!!
Excellent food, and service. If you live in the centennial hills area of town, give this place a shot.
I love the options. It is busy so go early! We had to sit at the bar and the service was fairly slow. There was one gentlemen that wasn't serving us and ended up being more helpful then our server. I was surprised that it was a gaming restaurant. over all decent food. We will go back.
Absolutely best food in service ever highly recommend The steak was just the way I like it medium rare waitstaff was over the top The restaurant is brand-new and very well-designed
Love this place. Very friendly employees and coffee was so gooooood. I will never go to any place but here definitely stop by again
Love love love this place!  Great staff so positive. They always turn my day around. I only wish there were more of them around.  I love their coffee and iced teas and smoothies. We no longer go to starbucks! Dutch bros it is! Thanks guys!
Love Dutch Bros! Coffee is always great and the service is exceptional! They know my regular drink and are always super friendly and excited to be there. Always makes my morning
Excellent!  And most amazing coffee selections!  Staff can't seem to go outside of them! Very addicting!!!
Amazing staff!! Always friendly!!! Amazing coffee!! The prices are very reasonable compared to other mainstreamed coffee shops!!! I always find myself going out of my way to grab me a cup on coffee from Dutch Bros!!!
Excellent service and excellent food.  Will return next time in Vegas.  Had been to Texas de Brazil in Dallas, and really enjoyed the experience. Thankfully, the one in Vegas did not disappoint.  Me and my wife were able to use the bus system to get to town square and walked to the restaurant
Excellent! Awesome! Great food! Service on point!!!!!!!!!! Highly recomended!!!!!!!! The accommodations they went through for my baby girls wedding reception!!! Nothing but a big Thank you!!!!
Best restaurant I've ever been to and gone several times you just can't stop eating the awesome meat
I've been so keen to try this place as everyone has been raving about it, and I would say it is good!This was my first time at any churrasco place, so it was definitely different than what I'm used to when it comes to AYCE. Servers go around with different meat that you can try, which is pretty cool. But if there's a certain meat you really like & want more of, you have to wait til they come back around to your table.Meats were good & tasty. Some were too salty for my taste, but everything was really good. There's a buffet table with sides, salads, veggies, soups, etc. that you can go up to as frequently as you like. Their lobster bisque was really good.One major downside is that dessert ISN'T included in the price! You'd think after paying $50/person for dinner would include dessert, unfortunately, that's not the case =/It's obviously not a restaurant I'd go to frequently due to their price & amount of food one could consume, but it's definitely a good place to go to for special occasions.Word of advice: - Don't eat too much sides as you'd want to get your money's worth on the meat.- Eat each meat as you get them. If you wait (which sometimes takes them a while to get to your table), the quicker you'll get full.
Best coffee shop in the world! Don't miss out. Great atmosphere to sit and try delicious coffee sourced from some of the best roasters in the country.  Knowledgeable baristas who are happy to talk you through the different types of coffee on offer.
Decent food, cute inside. Prices way too high for portions. Ordered calamari for app and got about 5 strips. You can pay the same amount and get quadruple the portion and tastes just as good at Rehab Burger downtown. Also ordered Fish and Chips...$11.99 for 2 pieces of fish and a bunch of fries. Seemed more like $11.99 for a bunch of shoe string fries.
Long Board, fish tacos and coconut shrimp....heaven.  Full house, sevice still great and friendly.  Consistently good food is wonderful and fresh!
Great clam chowder and appetizers. The staff and manger were very friendly and attentive.
Eddie at the bar is will make your night-too funny! The food is great-I had the Latino Vegan Ouinoa! The outside Patio has like 10 TV's git to watch the Warriors continue their Streak!
Good!! Service is great!！will come here next time!  Good sweet tofu and baked pianapple custard bun.
Food was cold and expensive didn't enjoy it  don't want to come again Thought 3 star should not be that bad ...
Good place to eat, good food and good service, price is reasonable as well. Place is nice and clean
Best hummus hands dwn! My girl and I came in today and had a Falafel sandwich awesome and hummus with pita bread.
Fantastic service at incredible prices. Anahit is wonderful. Bring all your friends. Friendly staff and very knowledgeable.
I got All you can eat here. I love the OMG roll  it's so good... Sushi Chef is very nice. Love this place already :)
Very clean and nice staff yummy sushi!! There is a sushi bar to sit at with a live chief ! And tables to accommodate groups!
Awesome place! Gave it a try and truly not disappointed! If you are unsure of where you should go... Try this new place! Derive ok.
Great prices and customer service. Can't find these deals anywhere else. They are great about explaining the information about each tv and are helpful with any questions you may have. MacBook prices are best I've seen as well
Excellent  food and service!! Ask for Sam Kojak for suggestions if you don't know what to order,  he will .   It is family oriented  on one side and romantic on the other.  Love this place! !
Really really good food was really awesome first time here better than waffle house. I defenantly recommend this place I am buying a house nearby and wanted to try the local places.
Overpriced airport food.  Quality is questionable.  Staff is nice. Stale buns and chewy burgers.  Unfortunately, they have a captive audience so there is no incentive to change.
Great  food! Family friendly!!!! I'm coming back for sure! I did the all you can eat, which has a great selection for a pretty good price.
Fantastic service! A nice relaxing ambiance and great food. There's an option for all you can eat or a la carte. I did the a la carte with tempura, sashimi and the blue ocean roll. So good.
Excellent service. Exceeded our expectations! The service was better than we could have asked for.
The best poke and really fast and great service!! Worth every penny! Portions were small so I was able to try alot of their dishes. Service was courteous. Place is clean.
Great service , great salad. Great environment :) feeling cosy over here. I hope I will find more sushi restaurants like this in beautiful las vegas.  By the way the location of this restaurant is super good. Nice mall
Excellent service! Great food and environment! Would definitely recommend it to anybody who likes sushi or if you have never tried it before. Our server was very nice and kind as she offered her help with choosing our meal
Very delicious sushi! Very nice!! We got a few different sushi items and they were all great! Happy and upbeat environment and good service. Will definitely be back multiple times in the future! Fantastic music made me want to dance, we watched Star Wars on the TV. Awesome place!
Newly Remodeled Everything, with Good Admission Prices. They have Made This Theater into A Luxury Theater.
Amazing experience! Great customer service, and outstanding staff! If you're traveling to Vegas, I highly recommended Vibe!
Great comfortable place to be to enhance your beauty. Friendly and adorable staff. Love the little receptionist. The work here is outstanding and don't forget to check out the purses!!
One of my new favs! Loved the atmosphere, food and amazing location!!! The staff was very attentive and friendly. I loved how everything we tried was different. It had its own unique flavors.
Great food, especially the steak tartar and pork chops AMAZING!!!!!!Great beer selection. Cool place to celebrate your birthday
Best French Dip ever! Michael Moran took amazing care of us! Great, affordable place to visit while downtown Las Vegas.
Michael Miran was awesome. Even when losing his voice was very attentive!!!! Super great service from beginning to end.  Thank you Michael Miran for an awesome experience! !!
Very professional company.Highly recommended.Worked fast in a timely manner No damage on anything & I have a lot of fragile items,Everything was covered by blankets ,plastic wrap & tie downs .Very affordable & Loved the fact that EVERYONE spoke English.Couldn't be happier.Def. Tell a friend
No call, no show, no good. Someone called to confirm the appointment last night, but unfortunately failed to show this morning no phone call to let me know they're running late or anything. When they finally showed an hour and a half late they wanted to give me a more expensive price than they quoted me! Bad business.
Love the show. Love the comics!!!! The hospitality was awsome. We need to catch more shows from this team.
Best wings I've had in Vegas... Customer service is just as good. Got a great deal on here Pay $15 for $30 worth of food. I always get my wings Well Done and they were spot on perfect.
The food is delicious and Rami is super nice, makes you feel special! The green sause they make is probably the best green sauce in town in my opinion, full of flavor and nice and spicy!!!! Love it!!!
They have really good food if I could I would order from here every single day. It reminds me of my mom's cooking. I really like the carne asada fries. I recommend people to get food from here. Its bomb it's worth it
So happy to have some good dim sum in madison!! They have an entree menu, but they also do all-day dim sum. You'll end up spending around $20 per person, but totally worth it. My spouse gives a big thumbs up for the pork buns. The space is huge, so I hope they can fill it and stay around! We will be regulars here for sure.
Excellent job they do!!  Very professional, courteous and quick to get my whole legs waxed. I would recommend them to other friends.
Great pizza, prices and super friendly staff!             Had a vegan pizza and it was delicious!!!
It is always busy but they have good prices and they are well stocked.  I go here if I don't have time to run into frys, my other go-to grocery store.
So happy to have a Boba Tea Shop in AZ. Very flavorful and convenient. We'll enjoy many more visits to Fat Straw.
Amazing drinks, wonderful people, great atmosphere! Love it here! I love the Spring Break! Mango a go go is pretty awesome also
Great everything!!!!!! The service, the food, the environment, all was so great! Can't wait to return.
Awesome Food, Bloody Mary Bar and DJ Craig was Killer! It is a Sunday Funday favorite!
Outstanding real estate agents, helpful team and AMAZING property management!"We believe that success is the product of service that is characterized by genuine caring and enthusiasm, outstanding professionalism and impeccable integrity.""We believe that working as a team, we can provide our clients with the very best in Real Estate Services and our co-worker s with the tools to excel to new levels."Please feel free to contact us to discuss any of your real estate needs....we are here to help!
The food is good but the service sucks! They only gave me 2 napkins for four people and when you ask for more they give you an attitude! I understand that as a business you have to save money but service comes first!
OMG!!! The Italian beef w spicy peppers really hit the spot! A must try! We also tried the cheeseburger. Hubby got the big beef so good! Parking is kinds tight but the fast service makes up for it.
Really good Italian beef. Definitely a must with the cheese fries. Delicious!!!Not a big fan of the chocolate cake shake, a little too sweet for me.
Great service and great food. The hot dogs are juicy and the salads are fresh. I have gone there twice and loved it both times.
Worst food and worst costumer service I've had in Arizona We decided to try it out instead of in and out. It was outrageously overpriced, food was low quality
Come, bring your friends, get ready for an awesome experience!!  Like the other reviews, they train you then take you through a realistic scenario.  Zombies were CRAZY!!!
Amazing food, staff, and manager. Will be going back again and again. We had the Pomo Pizza, and the meat balls.. It was so good and the bartender Brian made the best drinks!!
J'ai vraiment aimé leur sushi, très bonne qualité-prix. J'ai déjà essayé les autres sushis bars à LaSalle et souvent ils ne sont pas frais.                                       L'endroit est très propre et le staff très sociable.         Je recommande!
Great prices and fresh food! A must stop for your next sushi order! A great little spot!
Very good food must try! The their BBQ brisket is amazing  and my husband loves both the cheesy potatoes  are to die for .You better there soon their food is so good  they run out!!
Tasty brews with creative names. Great atmosphere. What's not to like?!Same brewery, different dayNever thought a pickle beer would be so highly satisfying, but I am highly satisfied. P.S. They got me drunk
Always refreshing venti Carmel frappe anytime of day! It's been a long day of running all over Vegas so why not end it with my favorite drink on my way home so I can sit down relax and actually enjoy it!
The art of Hollandaise is incredible! Pretty noisy but the food is worth it. The drink menu is fantastic.
Delicious food and what a selection. Everything I've had on my first few visits has been excellent! Service is a tad slow but the guys I've had as servers have all been friendly and very helpful with recommendations.
Bomb! Great food, great service!Went here for breakfast and got the snooze burrito.. It was a cool atmosphere and a great vibe. The servers are attentive to your needs and I will be back!
Came to this location for some goodies to take home. There are 2 locations, one on the 1st floor and one on the 2nd. If they are out if something you might want, maybe try going up or down the escalator and see what they have. We ended up getting the last 2 oh-oh ( a fancy ho ho) and they were out of salted caramel macarons downstairs but they had them all upstairs. For those who have not been to bouchon before the bakery makes great stuff and you can't go wrong with anything usually. We normally get a couple of macrons and some oh oh's and maybe something else if it looks interesting. The locations here have less than Napa but still has a good variety. Stop by and check it out if needing to fill you sweet tooth.
I was there last night and the bar was packed. Pizza was amazing!!!! Tastes very fresh - the sauce is yum. And I am a pizza connoisseur.
Great new pizza joint! Friendly owners! The dips are made daily and have tasted fresh and health both times we've had it! For beer I was happy with the Sam Smiths lager, and I believe they rotate a little! Any pizza will do in the wood fired oven!
Good food & service I received my food in less than 5 minutes after I ordered. And the Gyro is one of the best I had. Fries are seasoned perfect.
Nice decor. Good staff. Very friendly!  And they have a drive-thru as well for ya that don't want to have to get out of your car. Sandwich was made fast and fixings were nice and fresh. Bread was soft and tasty. Drive they alert was the only neg to my visit. It's loud and rather irritating as it keeps alarming the entire time a car is sitting there. Not sure who came up with that plan.
Great service and the stylists are awesome!! They always taken great care me, and always nice to have a drink while I get a haircut!! Try it and you won't be disappointed!
The best cheese turnover I've ever had in my life. 100 % recommended. And I recommend for everybody to try it. Amazing
Brew Tea Bar is the only tea bar I will visit when I'm in Vegas!!!  The staff are friendly and the tea is amazing.
Close by home and the first time trying a new flavor and I didn't dislike it . The atmosphere inside is nice . The coworkers are friendly and before the drink is even made they inform you that if you are not satisfied with the drink they will remake of. I tried the Okinawa tea and was a surprise of how it tasted. Not to sweet, but a perfect combination of black tea and brown sugar . I would think that sounds gross , but when I tried it I was satisfied
The best tea place in Las Vegas. I come here 3 times a week and every time I try new drinks
Best Jasmine Tea Latte with sea salt! Mmmmm! My new fave! And their crepes are awesome! Service is quick too! Cute and clean place
Great customer service and the best boba in Vegas hands down!!! Drinks are alway consistent and on point.
This place is amazing.  Good fresh food. Great people and they deliver to their Neighbors.
Bomb food. Great nfl games menu cheap and delicious. Happy hour greatFriendly atmosphere. I really enjoy coming here to kick back and have a drink. I recommend giving this place a shot. Lori the waitress was awesome always is
We wait for at least 10'min they not even offer is a water... We just leave....  Bad customer service and also I went to the taco register they just ignore us.
Fast and healthy food. Not many pleaces of this kind on the west valley.I ate the steak salad and my boyfriend the chicken rice and veggies bowl. The taste and the amount wete both very good. We'll definitely come back soon.
Great service and even better food.. We will be back for sure!! Monday's you can get half of bottles of wine :)
Came on Saturday @ 10:30pm, nobody here. Like no patrons and no bartenders. Had to wait for bartender. Who waits for a bartender at an empty bar?I am not sure if there are better nights to come but I was oddly surprised that there was literally nobody here at 10:30pm on Saturday.With that said, if nobody is there then there isn't a need to blast the music. Sure I understand that you might turn it up to let people know you're open, but man... It was deafening. I had you literally lean over and scream at the top of my lungs (and even then I couldn't even hear myself!). I've been at plenty of bars/clubs where there were tons of people and the music was a fraction of the volume. I went outside and still, very loud. And I file this complaint with the notion that I love loud music!
To die for!! The lobster bisque will bring you to your knees. Stellar service. I'm digging the ambience.
Convenient and close! Love this place!!! Food is always good and service is amazing! My go to braddahs
I have been going with her for years at the Galleria Mall. She does a great job.Congratulations on having your own place!
Best Mexican food I have ever had in Arizona!  Hands down! Don't know what to recommend because it's all so good.  Lots of flavor. Lots of heat.  Amazing food!
Cold food, hair in sushi, cold food again. Manager was a nice guy. 30 dollar loss. Gave me a 30 percent discount for his apologies.
This is one of my best restaurant in Montreal. Taste really good. They always serve fresh beef and chicken!
Best bubble tea in Madison! Great selection of tea and milk tea! The place also has booths so a great places to hang out with friends and play some board games.
Amazing food!! Staff is always courteous. The food is fresh and if your in a hurry its the perfect lunch spot.
I always get extra toppings! I think that it is a better price than Pizza Hut or even Dominos because you can get unlimited toppings for just one offer! The place is always clean, and the people who work there are very generous. That is why I love to go to Pieology!
Honest locksmith and on time. Joey is really the king key! Really happy with his service...
Joey came by super quick and was great with service! Good dude and great service. Would recommend, to anyone in the area. Fast+good service!!!!
Great selection of wine and beer.  And they have Truffle Chips!  They also have a record player and as you chat with them about their hand picked selections you can catch some jazz or The Beatles on vinyl.   Nice touch!
24 hour pool and wings! Cheap prices.... Nothing fancy, it's okay. The beds are on the small side, the phone and hair dryer may not work fyi...always ask for extra towels they don't give you enough.
This place is amazing! I got the bbq bacon char and it was delicious! The workers are very friendly as well.
Amazing Service! Delicious Sushi!Great Happy Hour Specials!This new restaurant lives up to the reviews. Super fresh food,  lovely servers.
excellent customer service.  clean store found exactly what I wanted.  thanks guys! best prices
Vi was awesome! Def gotta check her out when you go in. Super nice and friendly ! Place has been resigned and looks way better than it has in the past! Definitely going back soon !
Great food and finally a good dine in option in this area. Nice service and some of the best Thai j have had in a long time. The satay was good. The drunken noodles was fantastic
I'm going back again and again! Well priced for an wildly fun atmosphere, fun people, and the drinks are awesome. Not just fun but very boozy!
This place is awesome!!!    We heard about it on The Rocking Comedy Show guys!!!!   So much fun here, definitely a unique bar in Las Vegas!
Awesome shop, great cause! Looking forward to my next tattoo! The owner is very nice and is very talented. Hands down the only shop I'd recommend.
Very clean. Great service. Food are delicious and reasonable price. Fried fish, juicy bun, minced chicken in golden cup are very special. Still have 10% off till 9/30/2015 dinner only for its grand open promotion.
This place is awesome and the staff is very friendly! Their sodas selection is also pretty great. Perfect place for an enjoyable and quick meal or snack.
Just came in for a quick to go and ended up finding my new chill spot. The staff was super friendly, even though I came in close to closing which I know can be annoying . I will definitely be back, with friends!
The best new place this year. Belle place, c'est le fun de voir une place avec une vibe comme ça en ville.
Yummy yummy ice cream.  A great way to end a lovely evening.   Ordered the moose tracks. Liked the fact that it was not overwhelmed by the chocolate The turtle on the other hand was not as good. There needs to be at least some caramel running through the chocolate
Food was great and cheap. love the salsa bar they have they have many different salsas to choose from. I will be coming back again for more great food.
Great Time. Delicious drinks, better service. Highly recommended! I went here thinking I was gonna have a drink for my birthday and I had several and met great people. Awesome time, I will be back
Great food, cool bar. Cozy inside and nice outdoor bar too. The inside looks like a lodge. Plenty of big screen TVs for football Sunday's.
Really good food and great service! We liked this place a lot. Smiles all around. It was nice to be thanked by the owner and our baby was nicely accommodated too. We like places like this. My salad was perfect. The fried zucchini appetizer was just right. The apple pie drink is also best with their apple pie. You won't be disappointed!
Best best best can't get enough!!!! Great service, large menu and everything comes out super hot and tasty.. Every time I go I want to order the entire menu because it all tastes delicious. I go there at least twice a week. Love this place.
Phenomenal food and service!! I would highly recommend this place.Cheesesteaks are on point, as close to Philly as I've had.Great job
Service was on point, never left wanting, our server Lisa and Mizzo are great!Marinated steak was amazing! Portions are great so you can try everything.
Good meat quality! Good service! Fast service and everything is on point! Yuhao is very helpful. My favorite is brisket.
Yuhao was a great server and the food was amazing defiantly coming here again. It was my first time here and I think it's going to be my favorite restaurant. Sherry was awesome too
Gen in vegas a must try! The food and service was great. Lisa was amazing. It was a very short wait and the staff was very helpful introducing the different types of meats to try. My favorite is the mashed potatoes as the side dish
Love the meats and the atmosphere. Great value for the price. My wife, who is a little leery of foods she is not familiar with, loved it. We will definitely be bringing our friends back. Our server Kristina was great!
Richard, good hustle! You rock!! We had a great experience at Gen KBBQ. Thanks for making the experience even better. Great food too.
Great food and great service! Yuhao and Luke were awesome servers and took good care of us! Would definitely come again
This place is Bomb.com!  The service is great and food is delish.  Probably the nicest KBBQ I've been to.  KRISTINA IS SUPER COOL.
Best Korean bbq spot in Henderson. Highly recommend the kfc and marinated beef. We got served very well and only waiting less than 20 minutes for a table during a busy night.
Very nice kbbq spot. Quality meat. Very fast service. Totally worth the money. Very friendly staff.
Worst service!!! New establishment with no bartender, no organization and ok food! I went with a group of 7, no one knew what the other was doing, half of my party was seated separately until I had to address the front desk staff. Once we were seated the grills had to recleaned, when are orders were placed half of it would come with no one aware anything was missing so we had to continually remind and ask the wait staff where this and that was. Our server was responsible for 9 tables with various party numbers, which was just not manageable. I will NEVER revisit or recommend this place to anyone. By the way don't ask for the Cajun Fries as they are "seasonal" as stated by the manager!
Go Raymond! Thanks for your awesome service...! Hope you win, you work hard! Keep up the good work. The staff at Gen is awesome, never had a bad experience.
I LUV UR BBQ LONG TIME! Highly recommendable. Prompt and courteous service too. Contemporary relaxed atmosphere compared to ur typical gangnam bbq joints! LOL
Thanks Seong for your kind and quick service!!!! I loved how he asked us if we were sure we were done! Definitely ate my money's worth!
Service and food on point.  Plates and grill was changed often by numerous servers.  Great team
Good food. Ayce for only $20. Fast and friendly crews..We will come again for sure. Kevin is awesome. The only reason that i did not give them 5-star was the restroom. It was not properly maintain. No napkins, no tissue, wet floor. This resto is busy but they need to managed all stations including the restroom.
Lots of fun! Great food! Fast service! They give you so many choices for all you can eat. No children's menu , but kids eat for $9.95. Our daughter had a great time cooking . Our server, Kailin, was great!
Meat was excellent. Service was also great. Definitely recommend harami miso and the prime kalbi. High quality
Outstanding service, good food, reasonable price! Kailin was very attentive. Brisket was awesome. Very clean. And they swipe your card right in front of you.
Excellent service from our waitress jaenica. 10/10 would eat here againFood was excellent, the meat was of high quality, pork cutlet appetiser was crunchy and delicious
Awesome way to have a meal!  JJ was a great server too. Unlimited eats for $20!   Get the steak over and over again.  All the other stuff is super messy
Awesome Place ... Just go try it !!!  Super FRESH choices sandwiches are great and there Bowles are unbelievable you chose everything! How can you go wrong!!  People here are very nice and help you with everything.
Perfect! I have been here two times and will be back again. Customer service was a 10 staff is active and keeps busy inside and out place is perfect for lunch or dinner.
Meilleur nourriture afghane que j'ai mangé de ma vie!!!!! Délicieux! Le filet de kebab (viande haché) et le filet mignon étais cuit à la perfection avec juste assez d'assaisonnements. Je recommande à tous d'essayer se restaurant et le plus beau dans tout ça est que les prix sont vraiment abordable, 14$ pour entré de salade et une assiette de deux brochettes (filet mignon et kebab) avec riz. Juste parfait.
Awesome food and great people! Street tacos were excellent! Plus yummy Bloody Mary's!
Great good. Great people! I've only had the burger, but so far so good! They do breakfast and a hibiscus lemonade.
The best Chinese restaurant here so far. And the service is very polite. It's close to the University of Pittsburgh campus so it's convenient for the students to go there
This place is awesome. Try their fish with tofu. I almost come here everyday for lunch and even some times for dinner. Food is mildly spicy but satisfying.
Nice staff. Quiet so far. Food looks good and is great. Very spicy so be careful. Menu is very extensive. I was traveling for an interview and stopped in. Everyone was very friendly and I was helped right away. I ordered noodles just to try. Very spicy but very good.
Being there two times. it is very great! i love spicy food and rice noodle there. The first time we had ten people together there and had a good time. Then i v been there by myself for lunch which is cheap and delicious.
Amazing service and prices!  Best part of all......they come to you!!!!!!!  My car never looked this good since I purchased it!  Thank you Clean Green!
Philly steak is awful period. Not even close to good quality. Also leaves a nasty aftertaste in mouth.
Omg this place has the best burger. Never will I go to a red robins again. Plus love how everyone acts like friends instead of rivals.
Great service! Great sushi! Happy to have a solid sushi spot in Arcadia now. Happy hour is great. Lots of interesting special rolls.
I LOVE sushiholic and I'm so glad they are in my neighborhood! The sushi is some of the best I've ever had. The staff is great and the happy hour specials are so cheap! Five stars!
Outstanding customer service! Mike and his team is great! Very friendly and courteous people.
They have some cute Halloween bracelets and what not. Love the holiday touch! Everyone in there is so helpful and kind. Keep it up. New location is great.
The cheese cake is very delicious！ I also like the bubble tea.
Delicious and authentic! $6 seems like a lot for a taco, but they are big. Great flavours, excellent salsa, this is worth a try.
Delicious!! Thank you for the healthy and yummy menu!!  The acai and pitayah (dragonfruit) bowls were all excellent.  The restaurant was clean and well ventilated.
La major restaurante con todas las cosas bonitas comidas. Te amo.Nothing is this good in all of Phoenix. Thank you for coming up from Tucson!!!
One word to describe el guero canelo...DELICIOUS!   was so excited to hear that they opened one in phx! Cause I heard so many good things about it in Tucson. I will definitely be back to try other things on there menu!
Hot dogs are amazing!!! Always clean! Friendly staff! Self serve salsa bar! Extra parking in the back.
Good food. Great local beers. Cuban sandwich was excellent. House chips and eastern slaw are great choices.
THIS is REAL pizza. Roman pizza. The way it is supposed to be made. I have read people in other reviews (elites even) talking about how the crust isn't salty enough and the sauce isn't loaded with this or that and comparing this place to Mellow Mushroom, or Fusion. Omaggio is not them. Omaggio is authentic. True Roman pizza is built on a simple, sweet crust, with a simple, homemade tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella cheese that all act as the foundation for the flavor explosion of fresh toppings. Omaggio is exactly this. Simple, balanced and perfect.People who are fans of the over seasoned, over spiced chain restaurants will probably take a few visits to truly appreciate the clean flavor of a truly authentic homemade Roman style pizza. This is not the Americanized, in-your-face, oversaturated pizza you are used to. This is pizza in its truest, original form.But this place is not just about the pizza, the antipasti is incredible and every sandwich on the menu is filling and satisfying. The garlic rolls are actually GARLIC rolls, not just little bread knots with a little oil and garlic sprinkled on them. The cannoli is so fresh and crunchy you'd have had to make it yourself to get it any quicker. The atmosphere is the same as the food: simple, clean, beautiful, elegant, comfortable. You will never have anything less than a wonderful experience with service here. The Siragusa family who owns and operates Omaggio is legendary in Miami with multiple award winning pizzerias and Italian restaurants. Best Pizza in Miami, Best Authentic Pizza in Florida, Best Garlic Rolls every year, the list goes on and on. They have a track record of greatness, which is on full display here at Omaggio. Prepare you palette for a simple, artistic, passionate meal made in true Roman Italian fashion.
Awesome, awesome pizza!  Best in Charlotte.   Delicious.  Great service. Great new addition to Charlotte restaurant scene.
Le meilleur petit dejeuner de vegasThe best breakfast in vegasPour ce qui est des salades ,copieusesDifferentes et tres bonnes.
They are liars. Don't go here!They fixed the electrical on my power seat but broke the plastic housing. I wasn't too upset until I went back to ask them to fix it and they said no that it was broken before. Not true.
Possibly the best taco I've had yet great service as well. I go to school across the street and that's my go to spot for lunch!
Best tacos ever! I got chicken tacos and chicken quesadilla. Green salsa is delicious. I would recommend this place to everyone for quick, tasty and cheap meal!
Clean place and good  service. So any items in the menu to try over time.I like the pho but love the spicy soup, so I ask them to make regular pho with spicy soup. Love love love it.  (Psssssh I didn't horn that tip)
Very professional. Fixed my iPad screen and have no problems whatsoever. Thanks guys!
awesome food and friendly service. i ve tried quite a lot and spicy tang is really good.
Perfect breakfast place! Corned beef hash was excellent!  We were given a sample cinnamon roll pancake that was just perfect.   Fruit was fresh.  Service was excellent.  They were there when they needed to be but they did not hover.
Best, honest, fastest service you could ask for. Dana puts customer service priority 1
Excellent service. Upfront about costs. Will recommend to family & friends. Very professional & walks you through every process. I called about 3:00 pm and he arrived very promptly. He even called to tell me he was going to take a few minutes longer than anticipated. Just to make sure o knew he was on his way.
Great place!! Good food and nice staff. I had the wings which were great. Enjoyed my lunch while watching a show. Just a hidden treat found while stopping for gas. Highly recommend this place.
This place is great! Simple, fresh, and the acai bowls are a MUST try. A welcome addition to the Gray Hawk area for sure.
Great service great food fun people. Get extra napkins and a bib.  We had 7 people and the line went fast. The topping were many and the food tasty.  There was a large well lite seating area too!
My 5 year olds could have done a better job! $35 wash....should of been $2. I can see why they have a two star review
Food here is GREAT the menu is full of yummy goodness. With anything you chose  to eat you will not go wrong, if you looking for beer and mix drinks they got you cover from Mexican beer to local beer. Best Latin food by far.
A very clean sports bar ambiance.  Nice seating options and patio. The traditional Philly is good. Love the pub fries. Will definitely try this place again.
Best bar in Arizona!  Great food- great service- all your friends are there!  Many TV's with all sports on!   I have laughed the hardest at this place!
Nice new restaurant! We came here accidently but food was pretty good. Worth to try！And the price was reasonable and affordable.
Got to try the fried guac! I'm not vegan or vegetarian and I enjoyed the food an drink a lot. Great food and great service. All items can be made vegan friendly!
No decafe espresso for latte. They lost my business. Forced us to go elsewhere. Looked like the pastries were interesting but no decafe espresso no pastry. Ended up down the street where we found decafe and pastry.
Minimal beer list /tapsBeer was flat Bacon great !Service fineWell was looking forward to a great beer selection / taps?Hoping  things with beer will be tweaked
I wouldn't call this ramen. U won't see me here again! I couldn't believe ramen in the plastic cup!?
Very good selection of boots, Stetson hats, belts. The reptile skins are unreal. Things are a little on the pricey side but you get what you pay for. These are some quality pieces.
Amazing wine menu and food.  The place is beautiful!  Definitely check it out.  There is outside seating as well. Live music on the weekends.  This is our new place! Enjoy.
Lamb kabobs are good, cooked well done, just right.spicy and there it nice place nice people's ,
Expensive but to be expected.  It's a kid place and you pay for the atmosphere not the food.  Go for the cobb salad or salmon.  Everything else is eh.
Love this place, the food and drinks where great! So glad your here in Charlotte. I had oyster rockafeller  and my husband had raw oysters with shrimp taco. The portions are large and alot bigger than Lure.
Best pho in town!!! The broth is super good  I ordered 2 spring rolls with peanut sauce as well, only 3.15$. During lunch time it was kinda busy, so the wait was a little bit long. But everything is worthy at the end. Recommend you guys to give this restaurant a try!!
Love how the flavors are so realistic. Tried the strawberry freeze cake smoothie. Love it!
Beautiful but service sucks. Waited forever for a waitress on anThursday night. Not that crowded but either not enough servers or not enough good servers.
An amazing place great service and holy tv's batman!!!! Food was excellent. Service even better, the owners put together one heck of a fun place. Off track betting is a plus!!! The Mexican pizza is excellent, draft beer ice cold.
It's my second night here in a row. My food and service is excellent. I am recommending to all my friends to eat here.
They treat staff poorly, and food was to salty. It seemed like alot of frozen food heated up in microwave.
I love this starbucks . Everything is so clean & new! And is very spacious! But there service is really slow.
Delicious lunch at GLOWI LOVE this place - it is like no other when it comes to creating the perfect blend of delicious, pretty and plentiful Salad plates.
Really enjoyed breakfasts today everything was exceptional and we will be back the French toast was decadent and the service was excellent
Wow..Again a AAA++++Find..Don't miss !!Oh yes.. the coffee is wonderful!Travel from far and near to find this neighborhood gem!
Over priced minimal food on your plate and the coffee tastes like a dog produced it.very small and close proximity seating. I would not recommend this place.
Ordered and enjoyed the CK Special and Oatmeal Brûlée- both were outstanding!! The service is friendly and the decorations are fun.
Yummy drinks, good cookies, friendly staff, fun atmosphere. I will definitely be back. I cant wait for my daughter to try it after school.
My wife loves her some Soda Shop! The iced oatmeal cookie is great!  She goes more than we would like to admit as well as a lot of people that live around us in Gilbert! I love to support local successes. This place is worth spending your money at because of who is running it!
Late night is the best! Unless you like crowds?!?!? Buy the shirt and cup if your a movie goer,,,
Love harkins. They are always good with loyalty cups and free popcorn passes. We love to come here for date night and always have a good time.
Great food and service. Better than the Farmhouse in Gilbert downtown. Pancakes are huge and sausage are homemade.
Super good food, great sauces! I've eaten here once and I will definitely be back. Sand which was really good. The jalapeño macaroni was just ok. The fried zucchini made up for it though!
GREAT PLACE FOR PROTEIN...Great ribs excellent  bbq pork sandwhich im very happy too have  them close only bad thing is READ BELOWThe only tip i have is to check your order before leaving. Both times going caught somethin  missing before leaving out the door. Also biggest thing is there poor  customer service NOT FRIENDLY AND EMPLOYEES ARGUE WITH EACH OTHER guy with glasses at the register is kinda rude
Super good food, great sauces! I've eaten here once and I will definitely be back. Sand which was really good. The jalapeño macaroni was just ok. The fried zucchini made up for it though!
Delicious as always! Doesn't matter which chatime go!!! I got the coffee smoothie with pudding. I never had it, but it was a very good decision to try it.
Adorable menu- great staff - can't wait to go backWe had the raw pizza and it was great.What was a quick stop in has turned into a location we make a point of going to.
Very good donuts and great service. I am glad to give my money to a small business. I hope they stay around for a long time.
Great fresh donuts. The cinnamon rolls are so light and delicious! The owners are friendly and really appreciate repeat customers.  Come on Surprise,  support these guys!
Cute little 24 hour spot.. Love that they have a lot of teas to choose from. And the sizes were big it's great! Will definitely be back! Thank you
Awesomes spot!! I have been completely satisfied EVERY time!! I'm super excited to see how the place will progress as they get more customers.
The best glazed donuts in town!!!  So glad we found this place. It's tiny so make sure you don't miss it!
Awesome shop. Great personality. Great doughnuts and bagel dogs. We will definitely be back for sure.
Best doughnuts I've ever hard. 5 stars. There is usually always a line out the door, but other than that you can bet this place is worth trying. Good coffee too.
It was ok. Not mind blowing donuts but good. The maple bacon was awesome though. Would I go again sure, would I make a special trip .....nah.
Best doughnuts in Charlotte!! But true coffee enthusiast will hate the coffee... The best thing to order is the beach bum. Basically glazed dipped in more sugar! Also the people are very nice. I would highly recommend them!
Very satisfied they do excellent work Will definitely recommend coming here I think it is the best salon in Las Vegas if I would read it I would rate it 100%
The best soft shell crab on Vegas. Really  good service  , need to try the lobster in smokin style . have a nice one
Great food, awesome service and the atmosphere is cool. I will definitely be back. Prices are very reasonable.
Perfect Lobster, shrimp and clam. love it, love it love it, best seafood in Las Vegas
I'm getting SMOKIN' DEALS!It's good deal and look's soooo good!U have to try this place
First time here with my lady. Really good and fair prices. Definitely will come back. Great food with a little bit extra.
Smokin' Crawfish has really good food in great quality with a warm atmosphere. The crawfish is the best with fresh taste.
I love eating here when i get my crawfish cravings!! So fresh and clean ;) I love the combo style and that fried rice is tooooooooo die for!!!
Great food and great people. A must come place in your Vegas trip!!!!!!!!! I have two combo in a roll!! I will definitely come here next time!!!!
Best Cajun in town. Sauce in the boil is delicious. House fried rice is awesome too. The staff was really friendly.
Completely underwhelmed. I paid $19 for two mediocre salads. Waaaaaay overpriced. I can get two full meals, two sides and two drinks for that at just about any other place nearby.
Awesome place! Very friendly! Loved it. Ice cream is great! Priced just perfect. The cookies are amazing
Doesn't accept credit cards, car wash is very slow. I've tried this place twice now, I doubt I'll be back again.
Excellent food with great pricing! Referring all my family to eat here. Smells clean and staff is very friendly.
Out of all the Thai places I've tried in the tempe area sa bai is by far the best! The food is delicious! The place is great for take out since there is limited seating inside!
My favorite pizza in town!!!! By far!!!!! The people there make u feel like family!! The pizza has love in every bite u take!! I think it's best pizza sauce and crust in town.. No place I've ever been and I'm a pizza lover has as good REAL spicy Italian sausage like they do!!
Great place. Neat atmosphere. Nice people and the food was very good. Nice to have a Blue collar restaurant in the area.
Great team! Great food! We frequent this cafe almost daily!  Great breakfasts ... simple but always HOT and tasty! If you think you just want coffee... this is the only stop you need to make; a freshly made scone does top it off! See you soon Sassy's!
Yeah, Vegas version container. I thought these are good for a gift to overseas friends.  They offer a couple samples before I purchase.  That was nice.
Awesome food! A little pricy but the food was really great! Definitely will be back. I like how it's family owned definitely original. I had a carne Asada taco and you can tell the difference in meat from when you go to a filibertos.
Great food got the chicken parm it was fantastic!! Had potato salad for a side and was very good.  The guy who runs the place was super nice.  Great portion sizes.  The atmosphere was that of a real city deli.  Lots of seating good for groups.  Two tvs to catch games on.  Will be back.
Best spot on Mt WashingtonThe old Tin Angel is transformed. It's updated, bright and the view.....New owner knows what he's doing. 1st Class service. Let the tradition continue...At Vue 412!
This place sucked, bad food, bad service, good view!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They want me to make this longer so blah blah blah go stillers
This place sucked, bad food, bad service, good view!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They want me to make this longer so blah blah blah go stillers Ok so I did write this the day I came in so here was are experience since you wanted to know. I made reservations at 8 and when I got there the hostess told me they didn't have a table for us and they could only seat us in the lounge, which you might as well call the basement filled with lawn furniture, besides the window view it was run down and depressing down there with plastic furniture. We ordered crab dip, it was served with tortilla chips, reminded me of something I would get at eat n park. Then we got the clam chowder, almost positive it came out of a can. We also ordered a $10 Caesar salad and that took forever to come out, the waitress informed us that the salad maker quit which I though was weird for her to share with us. Oh before I forget, get a real sign outside not that plastic banner, take a walk up the street and check out altius, you're charging the same prices as them, learn what a real high end restaurant looks like. Back to the salad, when we got it it was a plate of romaine drenched in Caesar dressing, no anchovies, no croutons and no cheese. So for our entrees, I got a bacon cheeseburger with green beans. It came out without bacon on it other than that it was fine, probably a step below a red robin burger but still ok, definitely not worth $15. The green beans were fresh but came out untrimmed, every green bean had 1" hard, woody stems coming of each end. My girlfriend got your $39 ribeye and asked for it medium rare. Your ribeye is described as having a garlic and roasted shallot butter. Here's what she got, the cheapest, thinnest piece of meat I've ever seen with so much chili seasoning on it that it was impossible to eat. Where do you shop for your meat at the 3 day super sale at shop n save, it was a joke. We immediately informed the waitress that we were not happy with the steak and told her to remove it. I found it odd that a manager wouldn't even come down to see what the problem was. Now let's get to the service, the waitress never checked in with us, never refilled the water, forgot the same beer order twice, had no clue what was on the menu and made us feel like we were at the neighborhood dennys not what's supposed to be a upscale restaurant on mt Washington. Also where do you get off charging $15 for a gin martini and teach your wait staff the difference between straight up and on the rocks, they should know those things. In conclusion you are terribly overpriced, your food is lousy and you have a terrible wait staff, but hey at least you got that view!!!
Gita did amazing, she took care of my brows. I've been to other brow threading places and no one has did my brows like gita!
Worst  service ever will never come back i order 3 reg tacos sat there Staring At The Everyone That were wait for 30 mins top it off i Ordered a drink that was 3 quarters full save ur self from Trouble i rather wait 30 mins at taco el gordo if i gonna wait...my meat was all burnt
This is the best mexican restaurant in las vegas. The costumer service is perfect and the food is the best.
Fantastic wine bar in Mint Hill with NC Craft Beer on tap. A local gem!The bartenders are polite and friendly. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere and variety of fresh new drinks available.A must stop in Mint Hill!
The pastries are phenomenal and I love that they are GLUTEN-free! I would highly recommend their pastries to my friends with gluten allergy.
Great service, great prices,amazing place. The best tasting juices i highly recommend haus of Vapors to anyone
It's the best by far in Vegas ! I recommend the Branzino and the bananas fosters ! Book ahead as they are booked since they opened . Drake held his birthday dinner here as well just recently . I loved the ambience and table side service !
Great time. Gets bigger each year!! RCPM puts on a great show. Maybe limit the people selling junk like CUTCO the pyramid scheme.
The food was spicy, hot and awesome!  The beignet was fresh and delicious!The portions were filling and at a fair price. I will come there again for sure.
Great place and Gary is an artist with the clippersWould highly recommend He took care of my son and he sat still the entire time.
Check out the new location!!! Excellent breakfast burritos!!! Amazing staff. They also deliver 8am-2:30pm.
Love it here! Great workout with great people! The trainers are amazing. Different workouts daily. Everyone, trainers included, motivates one another.
Best waffles I've ever had...I get banana, Nutella and whipped cream. Yummy. So glad they have opened up a store over by the SanTan mall so I get get my waffle fix anytime.
amazing! just amazingly great！fried banana ice cream is so good and just for 3.99  the ice cream is the real fruit pineapple ice cream! Love it so much! Strong recommendation !
Bland.  Service is so so Too many choices on a hard to read menu. Food I had the veggies were undercooked. Others didn't care for their food either.
Great atmosphere. Staff is excellent. I recommend the enchiladas del mar. They also have karaoke nights if you want to stick around after dinner.
Friendly staff, clean restaurant, delicious burgersand fries....my kinda place!Every once in a while I crave a cheeseburger andthis is my new go to spot. Portions are reasonable without being excessive.
I went here 2 weeks ago and I loved it.  Very beautiful place and friendly staff. I will definitely recommend this place to friends.
Andy is the best !! Great all the way around!! I am going back love it !! Thanks great staff too!
Fresh and delicious. Excellent service. We ordered take out and we enjoyed the food. Tried the Mongolian Beef and Sweet and Sour Chicken, dumplings, and the won ton soup was full of veggies, chicken and shrimp. Best soup!
Awesome service. I was so satisfied with the price. Way cheaper than discount tireThey showed me all of the options and different brands of tires they also gave me a discount for being a teacher. I'm glad Someone is hooking us up.
The food and staff are outstanding!! What a great addition to the area!! My family and I have had the take out twice!! The quote time was right on and the order was perfect!!
My 1st hair removal treatment. Love it  it just became my first permanent spa:)I never had laser treatments before, can't wait to see my results.. Prices are really good.
Great food and owners. Affordable prices as well. Will be back!Steak fries were yummy and a good size.
Had the chorizo tacos, they were awesome! I recommend you give this spot a try. The service was quick and food was prepared fast.
Great Food. Everything made fresh. I had a taco combo and my daughter had some Windy City fries. Friendly staff. Will come back often.
Great atmosphere, wonderful service, and delicious food. My friend and I ordered a pizza, a chicken entree, tapas, and sangria, and although we were stuffed halfway through, it was delicious enough to push through to the end.
Awesome..,,,,great staff, great food,,,,,I'll be back as often as possible!     I've had bbq all over our great country and must say RRSBBQ is up there with the best of them
Love this place! Best food I've had since moving to Arizona! The service was great! The staff the super friendly and the owners were so nice! The fries  and sandwiches  are so good I can't pick a favorite . I have loved everyone I have chose!
First time here, Hands down Amazing Food.I had the 3taco meal with rice and beans. Each taco was filled with juicy well seasoned carne asada. Amazing meal for an awesome price.
yummy vegan anarcho taco. hard to find a place in Phoenix that offers a vegan taco. would come here again.  nice and Clean place
Nice food , amazing Indian fast food , loved dosa and vada pav. I will visit it again to taste great fast Indian food
Best Jersey Mikes around! I've been to many of these places and this one is by far the best. You can really tell that the management/ownership takes pride in what they do. The ingredients were fresh and the sandwiches are properly made. If you're looking for a great sandwich in the 7 hills area I highly recommend this place!
Fast easy and pain free! Amber and Rita are both amazing! Very professional! I recommend this place to everyone with all their laser needs! Prices are unbelievable and the results are amazing! Thank you girls!
Awesome place. I love it here! Great pizza great pasta and great stromboli! Great management! Go here and support this place! NOW!
About to put zombies down!  This was an easy task to do because it wasn't very challenging.  We'd expect one person from our group to be "bitten" or tagged.  We also expected our paintballs to splatter, but they didn't.  So the visual affect just wasn't there.  They were more like round pellets and you'd have to stand and watch to see if it actually did hit your target.  If they know that they are going up against adults, they should make it more difficult.  I expected the last zone to be filled with walkers and have you cornered.  But we practically just breezed right through it.  After you're done, you can take pictures with some of the walkers and be on your way.  Taxi ride from the strip to this location is about $40 each way.  Try to make an appointment with the taxi co. because we had to wait for about 30 min. after a cab was dispatched.  They do have shuttle service from their store that's off the strip, but they didn't have it available for the day/time that we were there.  Call ahead and ask for that if you can.  You'll save gas and money!  Also, their generators kept turning off so it was really dark and hot in the waiting area.  Safety hazard.  They have Groupon deals so if you're interested, visit Groupon and you'll be able to save some cash.  It came about $30 per person.
Amazing to say the least !! Going back Thursday or Friday... went back!! Amazing again, sadly due to a drunk friend I had to leave early!  I'll be back before I leave on tuesday for my last show!!! The guys are amazing. ... especially Savage... so adorable! :) great manager too!!! Love u guys!
Fantastic Japanese with super friendly service. The Take Kano box is a nice surprise.
Not authentic but has a great variety and is pretty good. Seating is limited and lunch rush is busy. Parking is kind of messy as well.
Chicken tastes like rubber! So weird. Flavor was good though. I ordered the pad Thai. I told the manager and he gladly made me another with beef. We shall see....
Food was delicious. The place was clean.The prices are fair and everyone was happy!  I will come back again and tell my friends about this place.
Incredibly talented photographer and very professional with his work. It was always awesome working with josh and great friend as well.
Great breakfast sandwich! Fast, hot and good. This was our first visit to Kneaders. The shop is really cute and the breads and desserts look delicious. We bought a pumpkin bread loaf to take home. It super fresh and smells wonderful - can't wait to try it.
To $$$, better off going to a ALL YOU CAN EAT, never going there! The service is good but, prices are yo much. There's better places out there then this one
Amazing service. Amazing food. No complaints. Check it out. Staff gave us a free house salad which was also delicious. Green monster & spicy rainbow rolls were unlike any others I've ever had. Please try this place.
No other place like this in the World! One of a kind. From the 50 feet of TVs to the State of the Art lighting and sound. The DJs spin music videos and take you into another world for your workout. The lobby area is so Rad! Beautiful Mural painted on a 20 foot wall to the amazing 100 gallon fish tank! A variety of drinks and snacks to keep the body going and fresh Free Fruit water made daily. This place is great! Shoe rental for those who want to try or purchase Spinning Shoes! Staff is GREAT! Energy is High! Good vibes all around!
Awesome food great owner treats everyone like family highly recommended! All food is great from wings to the pizza can't go wrong. Signature to supreme
Amazing food definitely coming back. Garlic knots are a must have!!!! The service was great as well very friendly staff.
The best coffee you will ever have. The cold brew is amazing. You can visit the new website and order your coffee of choice online, or you can get a subscription and get your coffee delivered every month! You can have an organic fair trade or feminino coffee! You have to stop by and experience it for yourself.
Quick, friendly service and an expertly made latte. The interior definitely stands out, there isn't anything antique or western. The only downside is it can feel a bit clinical. They roast their beans in house. There is a small patio with a couple tables and a nice view of Black Mountain. Best of luck to another coffee shop in a small town.
Great food, staff and service!I will be a regular here for sure!I had the lobster roll, clam chowder,Salt n Vinegar Chips and Mexicana Soda. Yummmm
Amazing for BWW!! Great place to watch a game and get a drink! You'll love the way it looks inside and the staff are friendly and helpful!
Fantastic sushi and good conversation with the staff. They don't over order fish so the final product is always fresh. I have tried many sushi places and this and Sakana are the freshest bestest deals in town.  The waiters also since and dance if you ask them and the chefs can imitate things like fish and octopus that live in the sea if you ask nicely too.  I drive 45 minutes each time too eat here it's so good. Very consistent taste on the food no matter when you eat here.
I needed a car key made before leaving the next day for Mexico. He went out of his way to find the right key, even leaving after 6pm and returning after 8 and working almost an hour to get it all working right! I do highly recommend!!I needed a car key made before leaving the next day for Mexico. He went out of his way to find the right key, even leaving after 6pm and returning after 8 and working almost an hour to get it all working right! I do highly recommend!!
Such yummy food and great prices. A Must try is there hot sauce!! Best kept secret around power and brown !!Really clean and everyone is very going and friendly.
Bad ass service!!! Changed my view on a lot of different flavors! This Cloud line they have is the shit!!
Amazing chicken fingers!  The sauce is awesome with the fry's also. The ice for the drinks isn't the big cubed ice. Best fast food chicken fingers in town.
Yum yum lots of options with pies!  Great service and awesome breakfast food.Wraps are good, benedicts and also daily breakfast specials.  Can't leave without having pie.
Great food, great service and atmosphere!  We can't wait to return!!! Definitely try this new local restaurant/wine bar out.  The chef is amazing!!!
Atlantic Rolls are tasty!!! Even better at Happy Hour!!! 50% off from 3:00PM-7:00PM and $2 off on wine!!!
Great food huge portions!!! They have breakfast and lunch everyday and on Fridays and Saturdays they do dinner as well! The country potatoes have actual flavor and red and yellow bell peppers and onions mixed in with them. The cowboy portion is an option that I have not dared to try yet based on the fact that their normal portions are huge!!!! Great new breakfast place with great service over here at park west! We need more places like the lone spur cafe over here!
The service was fast and friendly  and the prime rib was amazingThe head chef came out to great us and explained to us about the food and greeted us felt like I was with family
Finally real southern food!! Fantastic location! Great service! Refreshing menu, incredible happy hour. And they have live music sometimes. Call them to check. Great for any time of the day!
AMAZING FOOD EVER!! I'm not into different foods but this restaurant is my favorite.Amazing employees, also when we were eating the manager greeted us and it made my boyfriend and I feel welcomed. I would definitely come back again!! :)
Great food and great atmosphere. We will definitely be going there a lot. The bruschetta and pizza are fabulous. The service was attentive.
Great staff and great food !!!!Great reward programs, lunch specials and drink specials !
Another great area hookah spot. Great prices, service and shisha. Clean and new.The tea with mint is also delicious and a perfect pairing. Recommend fumari lemonmint. Place also has an Xbox One for patrons to take advantage of.
Good homemade pastries at a fair price. Not too sweet, just the perfect amount of ingredients.
So full. So amazing. Would write more but I'm too busy continually stuffing my face. Second day of opening and the only thing that went wrong was that my side salad came with my meal. Not gonna complain about that!!
Hreat place authentic greek food. Must try! I came here on my lunch the owner took good care of me. Seems like a pretty new spot. She aslo comes once in a while arounf the neighborhood giving companys free samples of her food.
Delicious gyros, excellent tzatziki. Amazing baklava. Definitely my new lunch spot. Mona is great she takes good care of her customers. Very clean, nice aroma, very friendly staff. This is where I'll be taking all my tourist friends c when they come to town.
Great gyros. Finally in my area......everything I've had was excellent   Hummus w/warm pita bread is the best. Try this great place....warm and friendly people.  Best gyro I've ever had mmmmmmmm I'm hooked for sure
Great place to chill and play some games!!! Many games to choose from and I like that I don't have to load my pockets with quarters to play. I'll be going back soon.
Hole in the wall dive with some elite hot dog action. Nice people and great food. We came all the way from Dallas for this.
This place is a hidden gem. Food is excellent , extremely nice chef/owner. We had the Korean beef short ribs and the pork belly. It was the perfect portion. Salad is good too. I tried the homemade wasabi ranch and cheese black vinaigrette , both had great flavors. We will definitely put this in our rotation
Delicious! Friendly service. My husband loved the soup and I loved the sashimi. The price was good too. My husband and I also liked the atmosphere of the place.
This restaurant is run by a bunch morons. Don't expect any services.The front deak women didn't know how to take customer names and put them on a waiting list. Asked us three times who I am every time I asked her something.Sat down for 10 minutes and no services at all.Then wrong dishes kept being delivered to our table.Waited half hour only two of the three dishes were delivered. No. 3 is missing for the entire night.
Food was great.  Service was great too.  I will return for more seafood noodle soup. There are a few other items that I want to try.  I think I will save it for next trip when I return to Vegas.
Bake seabass was very delicious. Elegant design of the restaurant. Ordered curry fishball and all I can say was tremendous! I would highly recommend Hong Kong Cafe at the Palazzo.
It's the Best foot spa,nice Rome
Amazing food amazing brews and amazing staff! Beautiful environment! Summer days that patio seating will be the best! My personal favorite is the peoria artisan angus boy and the bacon burger. Although the pretzel pairs very well with the beer! So hard to choose! Also love the woodchuck hard cider. Yum!!
Great Food & Service!!  Highly Recommend!!!  Was visiting from out of town and had lunch on day.  Salsa was Awesome!!  The Service was spectacular!!  If you're in the area I would check it out for great Mexican food & the Burgers are top notch as well.  Thanks!
Everything in this restaurant is made from scratch in house!! I love it!! When they said home made bread I never would've thought it would be soo good! The coffee is beautifully made along with the beautifully made food! What could be better than that!!
Love this place!! Awesome people !! Great food !!! Friendly service!! Family place!!! No complaints at all!!! Great location !!!
Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!  Great friendly service and delicious food! It's my new crave!
nice people, greeted the moment I walked in. great sandwiches, so glad it's here! Will be back soon.. The Italian was super good and very filling.
Hands down best stylist money can buy. Brandy is  a professional with class. Great atmosphere and pleasant conversation is all you need next to a great cut. A+
Barista Artell was super friendly, personable and made my Strawberry-Banana-Whey smoothie deliciously. He was kind and pleasant to chat with :) Thanks Artell! (I hope I'm spelling his name right)Fine, quick, pleasing service from this small Sbux inside the Albertsons.
