Friendly staff, good food, great beer selection, and relaxing atmosphere
Great local bar. Theresa does a great job. Sandwiches are excellent.
Excellent food , good service too
Our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty.  We are not going back.!
Great games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!!
Southwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmmmmmmmm
It always feels like everyone who shops at this target is moving in slow motion. Just sayin'.
Always good food at a fair price.
FANTASTIC PLACE! New owners make this place warm and family friendly!
Got bit up . Bed bugs wouldn't believe me
Go there to get some authentic home made breakfast !
Consistently awesome. Highly recommended.
Terrible pizza. Just plain gross
Awesome place Great costumer service Lots of groceries should learn from them
Love it here. The food was great and had anazing service. Will be back again!
Great service, friendly staff, perfect hair cuts.
Great service in a quaint mom and pop spot with delicious breakfast menu!
Only groups for trivia night.
Gyros are delicious! Called for a pick up order and it was ready in 10 minutes.
A good selection of classic Pittsburgh beers and tasty German cuisine.
Great european style boutique hotel
Dear Warren Buffett, don't mess with my ketchup!
Pros: friendly staff, clean, nice pool and close food. Rooms are clean, bathrooms are nice.Cons: towels were stained, walls were a little rough.
When I'm in the Burgh there is no other pizza choice! Worth the drive from anywhere!
The BEST pizza I've ever had
Best beer distributor around everything you need is here. Very convenient location
Small dark not very opening or friendly place. Will not be returning.
Great food and atmosphere. Sweet potato waffle fries are the best.
Yum! Bloody Mary bar is my favorite, especially during game days on Sunday's!
One of the best breakfast places in Pittsburgh!  Yummy good food!  Worth a visit.
Loved it! Tasty food and friendly service!
Chili cheese omlette was amazing!  Great home fries and toast as well.
The best hot dog I've had. Ever.
Fun bar, but if you aren't a smoker be prepared for your eyes to burn and your clothes to stink like cigarettes when you leave!
Came quickly and promptly. Fixed my problem for $85.
MUCH nicer since the renovation!
Donuts are you always fresh at 7 am when I go.  best donuts in pittsburgh
Defective tipping policy. By disallowing credit or debit card tip ( accepting cash only tips), I'm sure the stylists are getting less tip than they would otherwise.  They are totally at the mercy of their customer's current wallet contents,  especially since it is anonymous by virtue of customer placing in unmarked envelope which gets placed in their file. Come on. Seriously? The place seems modern except for that.
Thank you for fixing my nails from b&t when they messed them up! You're a lifesaver!
Truffle fries to die for & unique delicious cocktails w/friendly staff to boot!
Jalapeno tostadas...yum!
pretty good gyro cooked on rotisserie as it should be they told me it is 75/25 % lamb/beef. they have a combo special with fried they let me substitute lemon potatoes, which were quite good
Love this place always come for the gyro made the traditional way
I love it- some of the best slices in Pgh!
A great, intimate setting to see some local theatre!
Possibly the best sushi I've had in Pennsylvania
Perfect Location. Friendly staff. Love this place!
Good service,  didn't eat just had a beer.  Nothing to brag or complain about.
Their fresh pasta is delicious.
They have an extensive assortment of coffee beans and a friendly, quick staff.
Portions are huge! Try the gnocchi!
The ambience is very good but the food was just okay. Nothing to talk about.
Short and sweet,this place is awesome.  Great food and atmosphere
Beautiful spot for a wedding
Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.
It's a cash only place. Love coming here. Welcoming & great food.
Best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.  Yummy oysters too! Always a great meal here.
Typical Starbucks nothing special
The large pizza is huge. Don't underestimate it.
I am convinced this place has the best Pho in Pittsburgh
Cash only like most of the coolest spots in The Burgh!
Ritter's is always good time. Good food and good people watching
Horrible excuse of a slop house. DONT EAT HERE!! Food recooked and disgusting
Fast service and excellent food. I had the kelly burger. It was awesome.
Great food.  Great service.  We dine here at least twice a month and love it.
Best pizza in the Burgh and the Italian salad is amazing..The wings are great also
So friendly and helpful. I never feel like I'm being taken advantage here!
Great food everytime love the moonlite chicken sandwich
Our fav pizza spot in Pittsburgh! 1/2 butcher block & 1/2 veggie lovers is Awesome!
So sad, restaurant is closed.  No more meals at China Gate at the Galleria
first date roll with soy paper is a must
Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.
Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.
Amazing staff and beautiful shoes everywhere!  Prices are reasonable and affordable.
Excellent place to chill work in a nice location on walnut street in shadyside.
Best laundry mat I have ever used
The Vietnamese short rib was amazing, the hotteok will change your life.
A real miracle worker.  The best chiropractor on the Eastside.
Noisy.  Kids crying at night.  Old appliances.  Disappointing for the price.
A couple things about happy hour- late happy hour is awesome, martini happy hour is awesome, but the happy hour menu is super limited. For such a delicious dirty martini, though, full price was ok- occasionally. Maybe they keep it off the half off menu so I don't move in.
The "customer" service and pharmacy are TERRIBLE at this location!
Awful customer service, rude and poorly managed. Never again.
Worst wait times ever, staff is inefficient.
This place has gone down hill fast!  The staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order.  And 90% of the time your order is wrong.
Loaded Italian sausage sub... No need to say more! (Get cheese sauce for your fries)
Solid pizza for a great price
Great Christmas trees and awesome horse drawn carriage ride to the barn!
Clean and welcoming... For cheaper rates, book through Hotwire.
Best German food and beer this side of Germany! Pilsners, pretzel rolls and schnitzel, oh my!
They serve spaten Oktoberfest year round!
Wonderful German fare.  A great destination for dinner.
60 day trail membership! Free!
This starbucks is in Carolina place mall. The pic is not correct!!!
Great in store. Poor follow up. Delivery issues.
Excellent southern Italian style dishes.
Worst customer service. Staff very rude. On plus side there portions are huge.
Everything is overpriced. Customer service is ok.
The service was great!
Stay Away!  They damaged my car.
Parking is on the street and it is only for two hours without permit
Love this place! The atmosphere is awesome and the food is even better!!
Friendly staff. Super comfy bed. Awesome shower head. Can't go wrong. Unfortunately, wifi isn't free, so plan accordingly.
Beds are great and fitness/pool area is good, people are fantastic.
Prepare for a LONG wait, poor customer service and God forbid you have to use the restroom while you wait 30+ minutes!
This is the worst branch in the history of branches!!!!
Always great food and service.  Lunch grabbed Fixed and out in under 20 minutes.
So very busy at 8pm on Sunday.
Good, honest food, at a fair price, made by cheerful folk.
Get the Sunday brunch. Awesome!
Horrendous service and mediocre food
Park yourself and save the $15
Great dinner tonight with good friends.
Food was delicious and staff was very progressional. I will return again.
Ask for Katie. She is awesome.
Cigar bar at the Marriott. Way cool!
Bring your own cigars and pay the cut fee.
Never had a bad meal here in over a decade. Burgers and grinders are my go-to's.
If you're in a hurry, don't come here. They crawl at a snail's pace. VERY SLOW.
Very reliable, does a quality job, good location
Buy one get one Arizona iced tea
Complete disappointment! Rooms at the Comfort Suites are better than this dump.
Absolutely do not stay here!!!!!!!! Meth and crack whore haven!!!!
Fast fast fast diner food.   Delicious Chicken Pot Pie!
Gold season pass holders park for free (regular parking $15), get 10% off food and merchandise and 20% off cabana rentals, and more.
If you have been to Disney or even Chi-fil-a this place will disappoint you with their horrible customer service. Perhaps when 80% of your staff are 18 yrs and younger you need to instill respect, courtesy and the customer is always right b/c they just dropped a freakin mini fortune on this crappy amusement park that post hours of operations for stores and restaurants as suggested times.
super quick for call ins
Always great service and awesome food!
This place was so great!  My first time eating curry goat and oxtail and I'm hooked.
I always take my stuff here. They are nice and they do great alterations. Turn around time is quick too.
Only has one person that can do a fill-in.
Great food, fine cocktails, excellent service provided by Kelly.
Really rude and non Indian people
Kid's night every Wednesday...awesome deal. Check it out, fills up fast.
Service is good. Gumbo was a bit watery and a pinch of salt wouldn't have hurt. Gumbo was fresh
Food is always great and service is good! Best brunch in Charlotte.
Very loud, bad service, and the food doesn't met the expectations
Great service and food!
Wonderful people & better yet. .had the stuff I wanted!
Bodricks BBQ is permanently CLOSED!!
Bojangles in Terminal B, go !
No toilet seat covers!
Free flowing crowd -- hospitable staff and a Starbucks nearby -- Winning!!
Decent lunch.. Greek American
One of the best lunch spots in charlotte. Great specials and allways fresh.
My appointment was at 9. It's now 10 and I'm still waiting.  :-/
The food and atmosphere was quite charming
Good Irish cream latte
If you are a South Park yuppie you will love it. If not stay away. Nuff said
Very good Singapore noodles. When orders are taken correctly, the food is very good.
Not the easiest place to find a parking spot.
Everybody loves Showmars
I love the food and the price.
Great selection of beers. Not the best food but it's a beer bar after all.
80 degrees, line out the door, and no AC. Awful experience, do not rent here!!!
Don't be afraid by the exterior!
Walking distance (right next door) to the Wingate, and there's a nice outdoor seating area.
Excellent 'Dive-Mex'.  Easy to eat lunch for  less than $5.
Overall - OK. BEDS SEEMED CLEAN. rooms were clean - but no friggen elevators?!?!wow.
Shits poppin. Would give five stars but lids on to-go cups are a little iffy
Orders stay wrong,this place dirty and the grade is 90.....WTF.......!!!!!!
Best burgers in town!!
Good food good people great place
Friendly staff...good food...good prices, comparable to IHOP...will visit again
So amazing and nice employees
It's now fox and hound. Great place great staff !
Awesome.   1st time being here and will be back.
Love the prepared food section here!!
Loved the atmosphere and food while I was there. The brunch menu was nicely laid out. Was there with some Ladies for brunch. Loved it.
Amazing sushi and hibachi! The atmosphere is great!
Dinner from the menu is leaps and bounds better than the buffet at lunch. Otherwise pretty good Indian food. Love the staple Indian dish, chicken tikka masala. The naan is great too.
Good food by menu but buffet is just worthless
First time going and I loved it! Will go again soon
Nice service and relaxing atmosphere.
All time favorite Japanese restaurant
My favorite Japanese restaurant, for sure!! Fun experience and tasty food!
Friday night. Got a table quick. Service was good. Apps not so good. Main course was good
Pasta over priced. Pizza not the best. Service was subpar. Wouldn't recommend.
I had to replace a tire with a slow leak.  I was in and out in 20 mins.
Make sure you're ready for NASCAR! This Hotel is as close as you may want to be from The Charlotte Motor Speedway. Get your Motor running.
Nicely appointed standard Holiday Inn.
Quick cheap food a great eating place if your vegan or vegetarian!
Nothing special about this Kohl's.  I would write more but what is there to say?
Excellent service! Friendly staff! Great food and cheap beer!
Great food but amazing service!
Spirit filled church; outstanding music
Our favorite pizza and a great family ownership and atmosphere
Always great food and good service. Best find ever!!!
Lots of trash on all the trails. Much better woodland experiences in the area.
Excellent affordable vet.
Rude & cash only?!? No.
Better Batter Cake Carnival
Nice night for a ride across the border
Great atmosphere and location, but the food is sad, just sad.
The best customer service!!!
Just what you expect from Pizza Hut - no suck. Same pizza you had before.
All you can eat fish fry for $11.75! Of course Friday night. NICE
Free tacos for packer games!
these guys are super friendly. the food was made perfectly! mushroom and Swiss.yum
The Big Daddy Burger is simply the best burger around. Period.
Meh... short review for posterity sake... bland burgers make me sad
Best traditional pizza in Sun Praire! Always hot and mmm mmm good! 5 stars!
Soft grassland for parking.  Wear good walking shoes
I love the root beer ! Service and atmosphere was cafeteria-like, food was average.
Loved the root beer floats
This place is awesome! The coffee is fantastic. The staff is super friendly, they have comfy seating, plenty of room and free wi-fi.
Great help from Tracy and Heather tonight from jewelry department.
Great service, great food. Fix your wifi for 5 stars.
Very yummy tortillas and the margaritas  are perfect
Always very good and the price is right!
Always on time, great service, clean green cars, and they are a co-op!
Best food ever. Spicy yam soup great!!
This place is awesome!  Come in the morning, Donovan is the best server ever.
Great hotel. Clean big rooms and a big bathroom. Free wifi.
Great fun, great food & family-friendly activities & prices!
Beautiful oasis, lovely gardens, don't miss the butterflies!
Limited seating, so show up early (or late!)
Best barbecue in all of Madison, WI! The brisket is better than Texas.
i'm back! damn good bbq!!
Cool for watching planes especially with kids!
For tax levys, late paperwork, and apologies after the fact, come to Sorge!
Great selection of fun stuff!
First impression: ohmygosh it smells so good!
Horrible service! Crappy food!
Another great night at Toby's!  Excellent food and service!
Great customer service. It makes all the difference.
Ribes and sauce are good. But wasn't a big fan of the sides.
It was okay. A good massage but I wasn't impressed.
So good! The hostess mints are magical. That's all I want now and forever.
Great products! Organic foods and products at a reasonable price. Nice environment.
The best breakfast place in CU. always had eggs Benedict. And they serve food fast
Good breakfast overall. The food is usually very good and the service is excellent.
So when I asked the repair man how much it would cost since he believes the furnace needed a cleaning his response was $90 an hr ok so if he got here at 8:45 & finishes at 9:45 why did I get charges 1 1/2hrs when I asked about it I was told 20 minute travel time & time to fill out paperwork. This was not the first time they have been here but the first time I was charged for "drive time".
Other towns residents can also use the library with some restrictions. Local PBS shows films there from time to time and the library has programs for all ages. In summary, a place to go for everyone, rich or poor.
They always do a great job on my eyebrows! I never go anywhere else!
The owner is cool, and they always have what I'm looking for!
Best chai latte in town
Free WiFi. Drink & food specials on the chalkboard at the entrance of the café.
Fantastic hand cut fries and gourmet burgers in downtown bar and grill atmosphere.
Seeing how little went into my quesadilla, I'm not comfortable with paying over $7. At least use a mixed cheese blend!
Make sure to have the free Amazing breakfast! There is an omelet chef making you the omelet your way! FREE!
Delicious pizza, fun atmosphere, good beer. Will be back again soon for sure!
Good food took a long time to get it
The service is so slow it's ridiculous.
Greatest ice cream ever
Grasshopper with cold fudge= best damn thing I've ever had
Pad Thai & Springs rolls are pretty tasty!
Best Thai food in Arizona hands down! Every single thing is delicious!
Obsessed with this place. Hot pots are to die for and Panang is so delicious.
Use your yelp check in to get a free dessert
Great outdoor seating
My vodka soda tastes like water. Lame.
Best place in town. Friendly staff great service! Can't ask for more.
My waiter was great and super attentive. I'm full and happy.
The food is delish! But beware the salsa is hot hot hot just like the plates!
Salsa suitable for the fully Sonoran-ized. Canadian Snowbirds beware! Great sinus medicine.
I've been coming here since the 70's - Best Mexican food in the valley!
This venue is awesome of breakfasts, luncheons, etc. the staff is awesome and always are so on top of things. The food is so delicious and there is always plenty of varieties to choose from.
Great hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.....got my fix for chinese food
Quick to be seated.  Good service.
Good food, but pricey. Suggest going to happy hour from 3-6 everyday.
Bad service, worse food. I would not recommend this place.
Good, not great food, friendly staff, overpriced
Slow. ... slow. .... so slow.  Even when no one else is here. 40 min and counting
Wow. Amazing service and quality.
Their Greek salad with chicken and chicken salad sandwich are amazing!
Great lunch place! Very friendly employees and excellent service.
The rice bowls are a yummy quick lunch!
$4 awesome bloody marys on weekends! And $4 bud drafts too
Ask for your AAA/AARP discount BEFORE you give them your credit card. They will not ask you and they will not reimburse the same day of the transaction!
Chocolate Covered Banana
If you have a toddler best time to come is when school is in session and after 1pm. This place gets packed with school groups in the mornings.
Fucking delicious!!!!!! Ask for a large margarita. Best service.
This place is always amazing best Mexican food Phoenix
http://bit.ly/1OpalAO
Foods great!! Try the burrito al pastor with green enchilada sauce!!!
Great food, great people.
Hurricane is  a must and big joe is amazing!!
Best ginger beer in town!!! Food is all incredible.  Try the whole menu.
I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!!
So awesome and amazing! Really helpful staff.
Good food! But they keep getting the orders wrong! Went there twice! Shame!
THE SODAS ARE AWESOME!!! But not the Mac Chili Burger. Not tasty at all. Nope. But the sodas are great and ice cream is great. Thrifty brand if you are familiar with that brand (Rite-Aid). I had the "Rhett Butler," chocolate soda with Chocolate Malt Krunch ice cream. Yum!
Yum! Try one of everything! So so good!
Vintage! It feels like your in prohibition era Chicago.
Becoming our favorite place. The ice cream is "awesome" according to our kids!
It's a nice, neighborhood dive.   Stiff drinks,  real people.   My kinda place.
Best green burritos.  Love their beams and rice also. This is a takeout.  Cash only
The burro with green sauce and rice & beans is amazing.
This is Phoenix's best Green Burrito.It's just the BEST.
Great authentic sea food. Need to try it once. Won't be disappointed
My first International Supper Club!
Very good food. Very good atmosphere!!! We will definitely come back!!!
Awesome and authentic a must-visit.
I have been to this restaurant countless times. Love it.
Awesome food, ceviche, shrimp cocktail everything!
Botanical gardens is a beautiful place to enjoy nature of the desert
Nice place. Food was pretty good. Great service. Very respectful.
A little bit of a dive bar but I come here primarily to shoot pool.
Great food and a good family atmosphere. Too bad they don't open on Sundays.
Great food, typically nice BBQ style eatery.
Great zoo!! Loved feeding the giraffes!
Like Taco Bell, but not as fancy.
Its alright...........................................................
Good food and services. Didn't wait long for food! :)
Good place.  Friendly staff.
Keep an eye on the register...I don't shop here often but when I do, they ALWAYS over charge me!  As if their prices weren't high enough to begin with
My favorite go to for lunch.  Their salad bar beats any AJs salad bar out there.
soup is yummers today!
Love the food and friendly service, love the pizza
Great service and friendly
There food is really good! Affordable and great food!
Best chicken tenders you'll ever have!!
Adrienne put some bright back in my hair and it turned out great! Thank you!
You are a bank and don't even carry $2000 . How is that even possible .
I went there on Friday night late -  bartender was super nice
When here for lunch great food and very friendly staff :)
Come hungry. I'm looking forward to working my way through the menu
CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down.
Great food, beer, friendly service. Love their bread pudding :)
Great Porter selection for the beer drinker who has taste. Great food as well.
Love sally she does great work
Best place we had lunch and service in a long time. Keep up the Great work Patrick
Consistently good. Every. Single. Time.
My favorite  noodle-arium
Come with time... it takes a while if you are here for the lunch time crowd.
The food here is awesome and very flavorful!
Great food, not so great service. Hakata noodles are delicious.
I was pleasantly surprised by how nice and helpful they were.
Great food, made to order with many choices. Love this central PHX favorite
Good place for teriaki chicken and California rolls, fast service, pleasant environment.
Best corned beef in Arizona hands Down the sandwiches are big enough to share.
Great pizza. Wings are good the breadsticks are super great.     Service is quick
Used EAT24 take out. Great pizza. Wings are good.  We'll worth it.
Love this spot! They have the best vegan pizza. I am hooked!
Worst wool selection I have EVER seen.
Had some great breakfast service. Spacious.
The rudest bartender in Phoenix! Will not be back!
Letter E lunch special!
YUM!  A definite thumbs up and will be back !  :)
Great service, great price!!! I love this place!! Hidden treasure!!
Hair in the food, not mine. Ewwwwwwww disgusting. Do not recommend.
Amazing place!!! The most friendly place in Arizona without a doubt!
Be prepared to sleep...to sleep deep...and sleep well...and hard
Good place for breakfast and nostalgia   Good servers and Sylvia /Autumn
A groovy experience. Friendly staff and retro atmosphere. A treat.
This place is great... Love the food and service!!
Good food & nice people.
Expensive but amazing food!
great food!!! amazing service!
The eggplant bites are amazing!
On west side of street. Turn in 1 st entrance.  It is a one way driveway in front of the building. If u turn in 2nd entrance there is no way to get back around.
Very nice customer service. My son is very exciting to wait his new season benefit.
Skinny caramel machiatto is the best!
Great staff. Super friendly.
Bad restaurant.... Never come againFood was very bad... Don't come here
Awesome service! Great prices! I'll be back!
Awesome customer service!
Be very specific up front if you need the interior glass cleaned and dashboard dusted. I've unfortunately driven away and not had a decent clean inside of the car.
Best Italian sub I ever had in my life. Delicious doesn't begin to describe it!
Be sure to get a reservation
Phenomenal food and atmosphere....one of my favorite places.
Some of the best Italian food around! Don't miss it.
Great food, wonderful restaurant.  Need to go! Must try!
Kelley is AMAZING!! I have loved every color and cut I have gotten from her.
Aaron is great at mixing great drinks. Pear blossom is great. Good mix of music
Apple n greens is pretty darn tasty.
Love this place . good healthy food. Great service great drinks.
I had the New Yorker on an onion roll and potato pancakes.  I haven't been here for years because I live so far away but it is just as amazing as ever.  The pastrami was stacked high and the sweetness of the coleslaw and Thousand Island mixed with the fresh roll is absolute perfection.  The potato pancake was crispy on the outside and full of flavor!  The Restaurant is set up cafeteria style and they keep you moving.  The service and hospitality are quick and top notch.
Had the stuffed cabbage. delicious!!!!!!!
Very good rib eye good service and valet parking. What more can you ask for: )
Closing Monday and being replaced by a parking garage
Susie was great and she was so accommodating!
Love this store...can't get enough of it
The wait staff was excellent. They accommodated special requests beautifully.
What IHOP should be. Good pancakes. Skip the biscuits and gravy, though.
Just a nice place to come and have a causal Saturday breakfast.
In the mood for comfort food...
Best prices on town! Great food Great service!
Hector, who works in the bar area is the man!
Great frames. Nice store to visit if you want the highest quality glasses.
Try the off-menu chicken tenders.
Amazing sushi. Great ambiance and great outdoor space.
I ordered the lobster and hand crafted pasta...doesn't get any better than this
Our waitress was very knowledgeable about dietary restrictions. We had no problem eating Gluten-Free. Plus, all of the food was amazing. Light on the beer list but have an extensive wine selection (including recorked wine from the 1920's)!
Excellent food and service with no wait time.
My favorite french food- it's so good! Service is excellent- best desserts in town
This place takes hole in the wall to a whole new level. Tucked in BEHIND the petsmart
Love this place so much. Always the friendliest people and an awesome bartender.
Not wheelchair accessible and no handicap parking spaces. Fail!
Great customer service in a clean and welcoming location.
Sabrina loves the mommy & me classes on Tues & Thursdays!!!
Very nice, helpful employees. Clean, fast, friendly! Love this new Subway!
Great Salon! Ashley Grubbs does my hair and she is awesome!
The best water ever!!!!!!!!!
Amazing Mothers Day brunch today!
Service great, white corn bisque & diver scallops were great.
Best sandwich in town. Fresh baked bread and delish cookies!
I had the green chile burger here...HOLY YUMMMM!!!! Amazing!
Worth the wait in line
I'm a new senior. I love this store on 1st Tuesdays!
High quality laundry/drycleaning & great customer service
Thanks for the service, or lack thereof. Customer service sucked.
Nuthin better after a few fun games of bowling down the street than a good Chinese meal at my favorite Chinese restaurant!   LOL
Great!  Our favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  Staff is extremely courteous.
Fantastic experience. Andy and Ivan were exceptional!!!
Fantastic fast service - good food and service - good quick bite for lunch
Horrible customer service, would not go back.
Mark is a serious guru - thanks for all the help and great gardener recommendations!!!!
Love the Phat ti. (Pad Tie)? That's how it sounds. :-P
Fast good service and excellent food. Highly recommend it!!!
It would be VERY helpful if you would post your closures on your website instead of a piece of paper taped to the front door. Drove a long way for NOTHING.
I had such a friendly, helpful supportive experience today!
Better service this time around. Steve is a nice guy!
Great atmosphere with good food service was good, lots of seating area.
Always a fav for fast food!!
No frills, no chit chat.  In and out w a cut!  Done and done.
Best homemade raviolis & veal Canneloni
Good service. Good food. Good ppl. Panda always does the job
Good food and fair prices. I have never had a bad experience here.
Always a family excellent restaurant. BEST food and drinks!
Good food. Relaxed atmosphere. Good drinks. Not much more required.
Came in at 7:35, still not open even though it should at seven
Worse Mexican food I've ever had! Microwaved chips with cheese- AKA nachos
When I'm at MHT I am home.
I had the best capicolla sandwich here! Best Italian sandwiches in Arizona.
This is about the best pizza in Phoenix.
Best subs in Arizona!! Get the Italian classic with habenaro mayo!! Omg! Sooo good!
So far so good. I'm from NM where jiffy was great. I hope to find the same here.
worst staff ever at the pharmacy! wasted my time.
Great lunch specials. Lots of food for $6.95!
Great people, great service, reasonable priced.
Super clean... Customer service is amazing... Would definitely recommend
Check expiration dates :(
Have been back a few times and back to good service and best pizza and wings
Love your pizza, the hot wing were REALLY hot...yummy! Great food
They do a great job with my work clothes! They're always on time with my needs.
Love it! Always will.Clean & peaceful.
Very friendly customer service! Extremely helpful! Love this place!
Great restaurant, nice people, good food!
2nd of 3 kids birthday parties this weekend.  What a marathon.  Token games are fun though, feels like Vegas for 5 year olds
Great service and food! We have never had an issue and are always happy to return.
Great food and long time family hospitality!!
Best pizza we had in a long time. Thanks
Yummy! Loved the bagel with lox!! Wish it came with a slice of lemon :)
Excellent meal with great service
Great food. Reasonable prices. Maria was an awesome server.
THE BEST PIZZA! First timer and was blown away. Get the "Get Meaty" pizza. Superb!!!
My favorite pizza place
Great service/great food!!!!Did I mention the pie????
Great pizza.  It costs a little more than some places but well worth it.
Delicious food!  Love this place!
Really good Thai food and very nice people.
Awesme food.. Also affordable prices.. Best thai food for me in phx
Best Chinese food in all of NorPho!
Awesome price of $25 for a gel mani. Lots of OPI gel colors too!
Always consistent on the food, I love Quiznos!  The double toasted bread is amazing!
Horrible food!!!!! Great Service:)
They had a good selection of materials but the service was just "ok."
Best place ever for all your hair and nail needs!!!!!
Always good quaity!!! And very reasonable
Ok breakfast for the money
Simply stated: Excellent customer service.
Really good place to eat, try it if you ever get a chance
Great food and even better service. I recommend this place for sure.
2 hours for a detail and no wi-fi :(
Great haircuts every time with really friendly staff!!
Awesome food good people always consistent great place to eat!
Casey Jones is where I go to eat. Their sandwiches are great. Sean is the best.
Amazing food and friendly staff. We will definitely be back.
Great food, great atmosphere.. Try the philly cheese steak.. Yummy
They turn tables fast and great food.
Awful. Everything is way too salty and overpriced. You can get a better burger across the street at 5&Diner.
An small interesting place to try.
Waited over one hour for our breakfast !
Great place to stay. Staff is always friendly and treat you like family.
Great priced and service. Collin is like.  Dealing with a friend of the family
They have a meatless section!
Great service and beautiful nails.
Very good! Service and food was great.
Great find!! So happy my husband and I gave this place a shot!
Great service with a great price. I always have my clothes dry cleaned here.
Mango Habanero tacos. Amazing.
Best hummus and baclava in town, great for take away on movie night.
Best customer service  I've ever had in a dry cleaner the guy is awesome.
Best onion rings. Staff super friendly.
Best ever... hot...fresh...delicious... Staff was fantastic...
Maple bacon only made on weekends! Worth waiting all week for!
This place is crazy and the return policy sucks..
Gated community.  It appears the Board of Directors is functioning well and strong.
Great service by Brian and Deanna and they have everything!!
Won't accept a vertical ID for some reason never been to a bar that didn't.
The new bacon swiss butter burger is amazing
Great happy hour. We always get Godzilla Tails with a side of rice and a yellowtail roll.
good fresh food on time deliverycream chees my flaver
Definately worth the drive! New favorite Chinese restaurant! A hidden gem.
Happy family and fried dumplings are main stays for us. Everything is great so try it all.
The greatest dive bar of all time. Pool table and a bar... That's it
Donuts were great.. Staff was surprised that I didn't want coffee
Out of business. They are closed.
What a horrible store, waited for an hour and no one cared to service you.
Worst customer service I've ever had
Staff was nice and polite and food was excellent.
Worst cold stone I've ever been to
Nice place to eat and always busy when we go in.  The guy that owns it is nice
Very close to car rental return
Lunch or dinner, Wongs always delivers. Love this place!
It s ok nothing extraordinaire is a simple Chinese food
Great food,  great prices, and large portions. Definitely worth going again.
So delicious! I love it! Highly recommend it if you're craving Mexican food.
Jumbo shrimp are always my go to.
Excellent food excellent service my favorite soda which is diet mountain dew
Crazy busy airport with long wait times at security. Plan ahead!
TSA just ignore when I had a question and told me to ask someone else....wow really
Arrive early for terminal D - TSA lacks leadership so it's a cluster fuck!
You can reach most departure gates going through baggage claim of the arrivals side.
Just keep driving, you'll eventually find your way out of Terminal 3! Smh
Great airport deco shops and food . Easy to find your way too
It's a very large airport.
Very convenient.  Professional service.
Convenient location and courteous services in a timely manner at a reasonable cost.
Hotel was extremely accommodating and the staff was very helpful
Wonderful Pinot Noir. The prime rib is to die for. All steaks are great !!
Nice club. Came to sell woman's jewelry.
Fun fun fun. Nice facility clean and fast go carts. My son loved the Segway too.
Really nice people. Lots of stock.
Best recommendation from someone I met on a flight.  Thanks Mariko!
Got the roasted turkey and avocado BLT.  Light yet satisfying  at a reasonable price at the airport.
A great Derby Day event!!!!
Another great experience!
Absolutely horrible customer service.
Fast food must not be fast anymore...?
Huge portions. Quality is ok. Nothing impressive but it will feed you for cheap.
Killer tortillas for great price !
Good value, good internet, clean, safe.
Tasty! Staff was friendly
Great company all their moves are done very professional
Bumpy road on the way in!
Love this church. Arrive early to get a seat... it's packed!!
Hands down best Chinese food in phx!
Horrible food. Ended up tossing $25 worth of food because it didn't taste right.
Fantastic spot, try the smoked brisket hash!
It says breakfast and brunch, yet no menu to back that up... Weak
Never would have thought to put squash, asparagus, corn and eggplant inside an omelette. It was however one of the best omelettes I've had
Absolutely wonderful food, service and atmosphere.
Great trails... A lot of bikers
Visiting with Dad on his 93 birthday.
Went to watch the sunset at the top and it was awesome!
Awesome view of the valley. Great trails. So much to see.
Very helpful associates, always like shopping at Ace!
Delicious. Great sushi and salmon
Quick and easy... Thank god!!!
This is no longer here. Boo.
Nice little restaurant. Really good quality chicken. Lots of options for entrees.
A nice date night. Thank you living social.
Burgers were great.  Beer was good. Everyone was pretty pleased.
Dietcoke chips salsa and guac yummy
Great food great service
Love the food and gluten free options they have available. Clean place too.
A Los Taquitos Haiku:Two lengua street tacosThe carne asada torta with cheeseMexican food heaven
Wow the new digs are great and the food stayed awesome!
Good food but not the best service. They need to work on their customer service
Best burritos and tacos anywhere in the southeast valley.
The triple gyro plate will bust your belly!
Great dentist office with a friendly staff!!  I would definitely recommend them.
I make decisions to NOT come here because the lines are so ridiculous. Why do they have 9 registers and 1 person ringing ALL THE TIME!!! Infuriating.
Been coming here 10 years. Never had one bad haircut. I love this place!
Nice place where its all about atmosphere!!
Best pizza ever. Great employees. The salads are awesome. Say hi to the staff.
Amazing pizza with incredible flavor!!
Awesome & best sushi place!Our favo is viva las Vegas roll, kaizen saviche in non veg; veg tempura in starter, veg tempura roll in veg-sushi!!! New cherry Bellini rocks too !
This place is extremely loud and filled with 18-25 year olds.
Note to the owner who  Is taking orders, remove your bling
This place is awesome! Staff is always friendly and food is always good!
Love this place. Full of flavor! Best Chinese in Ahwatukee
Neo Tokyo come back !!!!!!!!
Great service. Fair prices. Honesty. All huge reasons why I service my van here.
the resort that claims too much
We had a great time...I just wish they had a microwave in the rooms...
Get a table near the window at sunset. Priceless.
Had a great dinner for our twins 13th birthday !!!!
Not bad. Bit overrated and over priced.
"Sorry, but we temporarily ran out of bread."  What else can I say?
Ahwatukee staff was friendly, fast and honest.  Great customer service!
Wonderful place.  Very focused on the quality for the animal.  Highly recommend
Great tasting food! Friendly staff!
A man all about himself. A morman who will be damned in the end Rest In HELL
OMG those were the nicest and happiest hostesses in the country, I'm quite sure.
Great store great experience great everything love Target
Filthy, filthy, filthy
Had great service from James made us feel welcome!!! Great IPA !!! Well done
Love doodling on the table, had a great visit, server was super sweet also.
Marcel's has the best staff and owner in the area.
This is great. Angela is a terrific bartender. Good drinks, excellent service, personable, and makes our business meetings go smoothly. Stop by, ask for Angela and Enjoy the best experience ever. (Food is great too) - don't miss this chance to relax and enjoy. Yum
Best soup if your sick!
Great place an inexpensive and tasty lunch ....
Awesome food every time.
Food was really good and service was friendly and super fast. Mm mm mm.
Very flavorful and lots of fresh ingredients. Was a great lunch.
Never disappointed here. Always good food and good service.
Best place to get your nails done! Love my gel nails :)
Pretzel dogs r awesome ! Friendly workers. Speedy service
I bet my husband is going to make me fold my pizza.
Great service and the suicide wings are delicious!
Good food.  Reasonable prices. Nice lady at the counter.
This place is awesome! Great food and perfect atmosphere. Very relaxing !
...continues to be the slowest drive through in Maricopa County.
Large sandwiches ordered to your stoned desires!!
We had T1 and 27 for lunch today :-P
Too slow. We ordered at 6:50pm and waited for more than 40 mins. So bad.
Enjoyed the food. Everything tastes fresh. By far the best korean food in town
This place could not be cooler same with the mom and pop who run it.
Do not stay here!! Both the grounds and the staff are not accommodating at all. Has been a horror story.
We checked out as soon as we saw our room.
We checked out as soon as we saw our room.
Amazing food and friendly staff. I recommend the huevos rancheros for only $7.50!
Great food and good prices! We will be back soon.
Our favorite place to eat. Good food at Very decent prices.
We love this place....and they love our furbabies
Best insurance agent in the business!
Five stars . Always dependable quality with good customer service. Denny, our server, went above and beyond!
Great Tasting Gyro! And nice family owned place. They have a great kitchen with a nice simple menu. Try there Bbq chicken too.
Buffet only on Friday!! And today is Wednesday :*(
Best midetterianian foodGreat kababGreat hommus
Food is always bomb here so the wait is well worth it. It's such a hidden gem.
Great food and service from hyatt!
Great calm vibe and INCREDIBLY INEXPENSIVE drinks! The is the best dive bar ever.
over priced and mediocreasian cafe express is much cheaper and tastes better
I love this place! We come here so much its like Norm walking into Cheers
The food and custard were great.  The 2 roaches watching us were not.
Go here!  Great place and great people.
Love this location. Best service and very friendly. Food is always good and on time.
Love this tanning salon!!
Came here twice, service sucked both times... Don't recommend this location.
The food here is always fresh and tasty.  Highly recommended.
This is good sushi that is fairly reasonable.  The service is always excellent.
This is my new favorite spot. I decided to take the advice from yelpers and try this place out myself. The prices are very reasonable, the two sisters are real  nice, my nails are too cute. I couldn't be more satisfied.
8:22pm We don't have enough food for you. Go away this is all we have. Nice job.
Sam is always able to help out with my print jobs.
Best wings in east Mesa I also love their fried mushrooms and gyro sandwich.
Best street tacos i've found since being in mexico...
Very good tacos for not a lot of money.
Yum.  Just plain yummy
Service is great and good large burgers. Definitely add green chiles to your burger.
Something cool and different!
Awesome place my kids loved it food was good just A great environment for the family
Very professional business and friendly staff. They are always quick to respond.
Salad and wing night!!
Best place I've been for my dogs. They are all awesome and very nice.
My yorkies came out AWSOME & happy. The opener was onsite & was very friendly.
Darryl is excellent for phone service and price.
Great great service,  had breakfast,  drinks right away,  fast food service also
I love this place for breakfast. 5 stars on every point!
Sampler platter is worth every penny!!
Its McDonalds. With a playplace.
Matt was great.  Super fast and friendly service. Cheaper than Big O.
Unbelievable! You haven't had Mexican food until you've eaten here.
New location Rocks. It's very nice and new. Nice move!
Great people in home come see us for the best things out
BEST Mexican food I've had in Arizona !! This place is absolutely fantastic!
If you genuinely care about the well being of your animal companion, do not take them here.
The place smells, must be the carpet, but it stinks. Food is cold
Great fast service and very helpful and friendly staff!!!
Very friendly and fast. Decent price. Convenient location. Would recommend them .
Quite possibly the worst food I have ever had at a reputable restaurant.
Nice job!! Clean car and great workers
Abusive and rude. Horrible work. Will lie and steal your money. Don't go here.
Breakfast isn't free,at courtyard. If you want that go Fairfield or Springhill Suites.  Book Marriott.com, package with breakfast if you want that at Courtyard, not priceline, etc.   Only Gold & platinum rewards members get free breakfast at courtyard, unless you book that room rate package including breakfast.  People stop complaining when you book thru priceline. Use marriott.com. guaranteed lowest rates and join marriott rewards online too.
They do a good job at a good deal but negotiate and get yourself a great deal!
Of Course, Endless shrimp.  Doesn't get any better!  Try them all!!
Free A/C, Comfortable chairs and cold bottled water while you wait!
The staff at this location were extremely helpful and friendly!
Best tomato basil soup ever! Philly cheesesteak sandwich was great too.
Great food, excellent prices.Friendly service, and large portions
The Kung Pao Chicken and the Hot & Sour soup were amazing!
Chicago style pizza with GREAT crust!
After ten years still the best.
Delicious food and coffee!
My wife and I had brunch. Waffles were great  and portions large.
This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.
Great breakfast, great lunch, and a great atmosphere!
They took all the young jeezy off the juke box. I feel betrayed and let down.
If you decide to buy a used motorcycle from these people be prepared for helpful staff to assist you in finding the right bike. The guy in charge, Joe and my salesman, Wolf and Cathy, the lady who reminded me of the wife on the Sopranos(in a good way) took great care of me and made sure I got the right bike. There was an issue with the bike and service took care of it and got me a loaner. Great place.
We came here just for the guava cake!!
So delicious! Very fast, friendly, and delicious:-) teriyaki chicken is the best
Sooo BigSoo YummySooo homeySooo friendlySooo Alohaaaa
Best Hawaiian food ever!
Yummy! This place is so perfect for a weekday brunch with my girlfriends!
Great food and good oldies! Quality place and will definitely be there again.
Great food! Great service, officially my new favorite breakfast spot!
Awesome food with a small town feel.
Great staff. Friendly environment
I loved the design and sparkles I got to my nails!
Good service, clean. Really liked the service very nice and fast.
Out of business as of 10/01/13.! Do not bother.
Super close to home, nice outdoor seating, good food.
Awesome service! Great people! Amazing Job!!
Best Chinese food in town. Friendly service, generous food portions. Luv this place.
Great service and good food!  Great for a couple drinks or any NFL game.
ordered cali roll. it was average. i just haaaate imitation crab!
Tremendous atmosphere, food and service.
Fabulous food at reasonable prices. Treats customers and staff as family
Went for breakfast good prices, good serving and fresh food. Loved the pancakes
I LOVE IVY! Great instructors, great classes - variety and healing.
Awesome italiano panini.  Different  and very tasty.  Will definitely be back soon.
Garlic Cheese Knots and Fresh Mozzarella were amazing! And the Calzone is MASSIVE!!!
I emailed nypd, with no response from them.
Best pizza in town and excellent service.
Pizza by the slice.. crust is crunchy and just right:)
Poor customer service.
Today was the last straw. I'm never coming here for a car wash again.
Margaritas are fantastic!
Drinking water cause they got the pepsi
Love the patio. Great service and good food
Great place to live. Very nice staff
Service is great, waitress is fantastic.
Super food and excellent service!
Amazing food and wine selection! Live jazz band on Saturday and awesome ambiance
Great food!. Awesome atmosphere. Good service.  Love this place.
The perfect dive bar. Stiff drinks desirable staff with knowledgeable staff.
Best chicken fried rice in town!! #76
Sit on the patio if you can. Great view!
Great milkshakes, atmosphere, and bacon. The waitress was a sweetheart as well!
Best version of a patty melt every! Naughty food super cheap.
Great prices and service is always prompt Happy Fathers Day
Best bfast place going.
Average. Nothing to write home about.
My favorite place so far for a breakfast burrito. Tasty and not greasy at all.
Fast. Nice.  Easy parking.
Not open on Sunday..how about posting your hours on Yelp, that would be a big help!
The hot vanilla is my favorite thing in the world!!! Mucho calories but bueno for a non-coffee drinker like myself. :)
Simply amazing. My number one spot aside from taharu :)
Love the sashimi here! Very fresh and friendly service!
Service was very nice but the food was only ok. Kinda pricey.
Yummy...Found so great sushi in Chandler.... We will definitely come again.
Fun for young kids.  Lots of birthday parties held here.
Best Spicy Teriyaki EVER!!!
Need suggestions?... The Pho is Amazing! Want to try something different?.. Go for the Fried Rice Cakes with seafood, veggies, and beef! To start be sure to order the Vietnamese Egg Rolls, Green Beans, and Black Bean Shrimp! We always end our meal with an iced Vietnamese coffee. Better than any others. And don't forget-- it's byob!
So far so good, nice service, fancy water, good tea.  Ordered the beef soup
Greatest Starbucks on earth.
Radicchio on the fly!
Lots of 'life is pain' type people, but friendly.
This store is awesome. Very nice staff.  I love this place.
Great store! Really clean, great service, and they fixed my iPhone!
Warning to all Yelpers...never buy anything here or contract any service.  Follow this simple rule, if you ever feel pressured, trapped or scared while buying anything, DON'T BUY IT and leave immediately.  In this store, you're bound to feel all of these emotions at some point.
Tacos Tuesdays has $1.50 fish tacos
Don't go here!!!   They will tell you ANYTHING to get you to sign!!!
Grabbing some lunch after archery
Great little breakfast spot!
Magical Melissa took good care of us.  Great food, atmosphere and service
Great place endless shrimp on the menu. Full to the rim.
This food is fantastic!!! Very authentic and so yummy. Everything tasted so good. The presentation was marvelous! They really care about this. The vegetables were so fresh! I enjoyed every bit of this food. The server was also so kind, nice and attentive. My new fave restaurant. Prices were so reasonable too.
The MVP is awesome and Jackie is a great stylist and funny.
Solid work and craftsmanship.
Good Happy Hour prices...full sized appetizers for less than half the price...$5 and and most are around $12 normally. Plus $5 tall Mojitos
Who doesn't love the cheesecake factory? Can't complain, service was great!
Love their cheesecake it is good for your soul.
Sat happy hour 11am-2pm
The tuna is sooooo freakin fresh
The hair that was baked into my muffin was not as delicious as some may believe. Watch for hairs before you bite into your muffin. ;)
Absolute favorite for breakfast.
I love Yankee Candles. The customer here is above and beyond.
Love their chips and salsa's, sangria swirl margaritas are delicious too!
the Worst Customer Service ever ! Store manager sucks ! Don't spend 1cent here !
Loved my strawberry chicken poppy seed salad!!
Good after work happy hour!
Manager was rude ruined the entire experience for us.
Best margaritas ever!!! Food isn't bad either.
Had a hankering for the Chambord Margarita!!!! Mmmmm! Muy bueno!
With the woman in my life enjoying an awesome dinner !
This place is good!! Never can go wrong with the lettuce wraps!
Very yummy, I had the pepper steak, had a kick to it. Would recommend!
Moscato and Moscow Mules
Yummy food, good beer, tasty peanuts to snack on, and lots of football on tv.
Drove by two weeks ago and the store was empty and the sign gone.
Megan did a great job!
Having some sushi at Temari in Gilbert
Omg! By far the BEST SUSHI in the Valley! Wow!
Never get tires at Fletcher! Horrible customer service!
For a taco shop, those were some pretty tasteless tacos!
For a small dive the tap selection is AWESOME.
They have great bands but don't seem to promote them???
Beautiful flowers and all high quality !
The bagels are very average. Not horrid but now thing crave worthy either.
Defiantly not the best Mexican food.
Excellent food, friendly service.
Great service. They were prompt and professional.
The red velvet cake will make you an addict.
Excellent food. Great Service. Very Friendly staff a great place to go to.
Slowest. Service. Ever.
We love Liberty! Cool atmosphere, great food , exceptional coffees.
My favorite place for Red Velvet Cake.
Great food. Great staff. Great ambience. Need I say more.
Unique restaurant in downtown Gilbert
There is nothing better than coming by with the buds and getting a good bite !
Super nice staff, very helpful
Great food ,service and worth the wait.
YUM! We love this place! Great, homie atmosphere and the food is made with love!!
Best sandwiches in the valley
Great Food and Great Service!!!!
Love burrito shack. Don't ever let the looks of it fool you. Great food, nice people and did I mention great food?!?!
Great place for an amazing breakfast burritos
Had a blast. The friendliest people. A great way to spend a afternoon.
Great service, delicious food, pleasant atmosphere!!
Great atmosphere. Qualified stylists. And very knowledgeable. They use olaplex!
My favorite sushi place. Hands down.
Personable, cold beer & good company.
Awesome food. Great prices! Super service. We went there two nights in a row.
Always an enjoyable and rather affordable outing with my 3 girls.
Their live music on Sunday night's is great!
My favorite nail place. Each girl is great and they do an amazing job.
Very good and friendly place everything freshPastrami very good
Great thin crust pizza. Best Frys and roat beer u can get.
Simply the best sushi in the valley!
Way to expensive for Jewish peasant food!  Will not return until prices come down!!! Ridiculous $21 for Bagel and smoked fish!!!  Criminal
My go to for a Hawaiian Ribeye.
Low key day spa with excellent yoga classes!
Yucky yucky yuck pizza undercooked and bbq chkn looking like charcoal
pretty fast! Quality is consistent, and their cinnamon breadsticks are irresistable.
Clean but not what we expected as far as the room
Open hours are wrong as listed. Sun-Th 7 AM - 10 PM, F-Sat. 7 AM - midnight.
Cold cheese fries....should have gone to Sonic.
Bring cash, great food
Been using them for years. Great work and customer service! !
Great burgers, plenty of tvs for all the games!
Shawarma is to die for !!
Love this place!  My daughter wants to be a dentist!
Love this place!  Bar is cool!  Great chocolate soufflé!
Love this place!  Bar is cool!  Great chocolate soufflé!
Three times ate there with my family three times went home vomiting!!
Worst sausage and peppers sandwich ever.  I would not waste my money or time
Excellent!  Great food and wonderful service!
Love the Westin workout!
Awesome free tire checking!
Best place for all your tire and wheel needs...
These guys work hard and do a good job
Just went to them for the first time and they were fabulous!
Off track betting in a neighborhood bar!  Great happy hour deals and friendly staff.
I hate this place. I feel like everyone here is party of wanna be redneck clique....
Simply the best vets I have ever used!
BEWARE!!!they claim to sell authentic brands of purses like Coach. Totally fake!
Excellent dentist. Excellent staff. Always courteous, friendly and professional.
Great service, great food and great atmosphere. Will be going back soon.
Tuna tataki it's where it's at.
Seriously good ice cream!! Mint mint chocolate chip!!!
Amazing people, amazing skills. First class customer service. Magic hands.
Awesome job!! This is Normans new hangout!
Make sure they know if u r in a hurry.
Kari is awesome. Best mimosa around.
Try the morning pile up, very good, filling and has a little bit of everything!
Be sure to save up for the $3000 coffee machine they demo'd for me! Nuts!
I have been going to this olive garden for more then 10 years and i love it!
L8 Nite Bingo Is Good Clean Fun!!
If you're here for lunch, do the lunch combo: mixed tempura and fried oysters!
Bombastic. No more words needed when explosions are going on in your mouth.
Best sushi in Arizona!!!
Always good.  Staff is great.  Very fast when you are just having a quick lunch.
"Shit food" is not a swear Mr. Manager
Fabulous fresh food; friendly staff; clean nice location.
I was served green chicken... Enough said
Chipotle chicken sandwich is bomb!
Fish bones in my sushi, ick! Chew carefully. ..
Great service and great times!! Nothing like beer and bowling.
Horrible service and hot drinks. Also had multiple u tinsel that were dirty
Best wings and fries ever!
Excellent customer service.  So very clean.  Love this place.
Amazing!!! Bring your golf clubs because there is a nice one right next door.
Ordered delivery. These people forgot to give us rice and utensils. Wtf?
I was happy with the ginger chicken!
Really love the soup and bbq pork slices. We got plenty of food and enjoyed it lots.
This is one of the best Chinese food places in Scottsdale.  Highly recommended
Steve's is great! Good food and polite service.
The rooms are a bit ratty. The staff is unhelpful and rude.
Hotel is nice but shitty service, need an attitude adjustment
Nicest people, always clean and organized. Open late
I love this nail salon already! They got new massage chairs! Which are wonderful!
I had the strawberry salad and it was very fresh. The service was very good also.
I always remark to myself about the professional demeanor of the people who work here.
Great spot to Chill out :).  Kids having a blast learning some skills
This place is awesome! They are great with kids and the staff is friendly.
Great drinks, terrible service!
This is by far the best place in the valley.
These guys are amazing. Excellent service every time
Outlet closes at 2:30 so plan ahead!This place is fabulous
Meh. It was OK. Wayyyy too much mayo on top of one of the special rolls.
Great dining experience tonight. Great food and awesome service!
this location is closed. no longer in business.
Best install in the valley !! For window tinting, and customization for cars
Best install in the valley !! For window tinting, and customization for cars
On time, comfortable ride friendly driver.
Very friendly service. Hot fresh food.
Best car buying experience ever thanks to Lou Gordon, love the new GLK 350!
Great beers great food what more could you ask for?
I love the Peach ale !!I like this place . Great food and great service.
Stout amazing...grilled wings amazing... Highly recommend them
It's really good! The burgers are yummy and the French dip is awesome!
Four Peaks has great beer!  Ky was a great server!  We had a fun night there!
I'm from New York and these are the best bagels I've had in the area!
What can you say it is Home Depot. Just awesome for any home improvement projects.
Don't show up at 7:56 on Sunday. The store closes at 8. You'll be turned away.
Always good.  Staff pleasant and attentive and the food portions are generous.
Hair in popcorn.  Not once but twice...
Easton  ashe  playing today, it's amazing outside today.
Mmm, good coffee!  And they have stevia too
Delish, fresh and grilled. Super friendly and really helpful with the menu!
The Inebriator stout. Epic!
This Safeway is huge and very nice. Great pharmacy and the staff is very helpful!
One of the best bagel shops in the valley. Always fresh and the portions are huge!
Great food, and the staff is always extremely friendly.
You could get better food from a concentration camp.
I enjoy their food, especially the sesame chicken and crab puffs.
WORST PIZZA EVER!! Better off buying a frozen Tombstone!
Staff cordial and very friendly. Had a great BLT. Beautiful view of the golf course.
Friendliest bar in town.   Great staff and customers
This is the best pizza in Fountain Hills.  That's all you need to know.
Much better service than last time.
Very courteous and helpful. Made mailing my UPS and FedEx packages super easy.
Quick service and love that they are family oriented.
$13.00 for wash, vacuum, air freshener, interior & exterior windows and surfaces. Not a bad deal.
Worst traffic management at any stadium in America.
Nice & healthy juices!!!  Great selection!
I love their Gobbler!! So yummy !!
Server Christina was outstanding!!! Brandon cooked one hell of a bone-in ribeye!!!
Take a picture with your phone of the building from your car, it will help you find where you parked later
Park near the lights people!
Nice outlet mall. Lots of store to go shop
It's so whack! Can't drink out there until 2 or, something. Smh
Best quick MEXICAN food in Tempe!
The Applebee's of seafood with all the ambiance of a Costco.
Absolutely delicious food and friendly staff. I have never been disappointed
Very good and seasoned I like this place
Good coffee. Great reading/studying spot.
This was not that great honestly..
Follow the lead of everyone else pack the bowl so high it seems stupid. When it cooks down you'll be the smart one. Can you say ....lunch ,dinner, lunch again all in one :)
Everything went smoothly, which is all I really need in a car rental.
What happened to this place?
Excellent food, great service. Dependable and does not disappoint.
My favorite pizza place in the valley. The party pizza is the best
First time here in many years but still has same charm and great food.
Great place to get awesome holiday decorations on the cheap.
Quality food, amazing service. Solid portions sizes.
Never order a sandwich from a.place with "Pizza" in the name. The beef in my sandwich was good, but the bread was soggy and gross. I ordered fries but got chips. After 20 minutes I'm STILL waiting for fries with no update from my server. It isn't even busy in here. Not too pleased.
Yummy yummy yummy! Try the personal pizza delish and affordable
Great staff and they get you your drinks out pretty quickly.
Mineral shop in mall with tourist specimens.  Would not recommend store to geologist or mineral collectors.
Hunan chicken is the number one seller here.
Best Chinese food in the hood! Quick delivery. Reasonable prices.
the food is great here and the service is amazing!!
My favorite restaurant hands down.  Gollo burro and taco are to die for!
This place is LOTZ BETTER then any other sandwich place.
Ask for Don. He is amazing
Look out for their specials! Each day, they have.drinks.and.food. Today is Saturday, they have 8Oz steak & veggies.& soup for.$8.25 and long island iced tea for $3.50 and ipr can for $2! Shot of the day.. White trash apple. no comment
I am a fan.  Bread is fresh baked.  Breakfast sandwich rocked my socks off.
Went on a tuesday got the special sandwiches delicious
Well first off ordered mushrooms and zucchini took one bite and Ice cold.. Sent them back so well see what happens next
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE FIRST THEY STOLE THE 75 cent that I was going to fill up my water jugs, then they told me they topped off my fluids which they did not my car almost OVERHEATED and now my radio plays softly even though my car is totally off. All I went there for was an oil change, that was all.
Love this store they are always so helpful and someone is always around to help
Awesome! Charcoal grilled hot dogs of multiple sizes and varieties.The line looks intimidating but moves pretty quickly. Be prepared because the grill guy will ask for your order pretty quickly so that they can get a jump start on prepping your dog/sausage.
At the Market Cafe, gorgeous day out here!
I was just browsing never meant to check in. Oops
Best Carne Asada in town! This is our go to place to get our supplies!
Anyone know why they closed? They looked like they moved out in a hurry!
Thank goodness that's over!
Best desert ever!! In Az & anywhere!!
Love it! Banana with Chocolate cream is now my fav!
Great location, great staff, and good prices. Will definitely  be going back.
Service is great; all the food is outstanding. Great little neighborhood spot.
Worse place ever! Old bad equipment, no one working and they sell rides by time and no one working to assist....huge waste of money and when
20 wings for $21??  Are you kidding me?
Some service would be nice.
Very rude staff not worth the money
The staff at Sun Devil are the best. Very reliable and courteous!!!
Eh, I was hungry, nothing else was open at 3am
Always friendly. Always yummy.
Holy crap! I'm never going anywhere else! These chairs are AWESOME!
Its way too cold in the dining room.
Food is awesome. This is the spot if you're looking for good chinese food
Fun clear instruction. Great place to prep for real estate exam.
I am biased to this CC. It is a pretty good school. Nuff said.
Pizza and wings are good service was frindly
Love this place! Best Tom Yum Gai soup and so very kind and friendly!
Great shop always helpful. Would not shop anywhere else.
Staff is friendly and helpful. Place is clean!
Great food. Great customer service. Very speedy. We will be back!
Great food great employees! A true chinese experience!
Patio seating is great
Service here was spectacular the waiter ED was on point with everything
The sandwiches are fantastic
Fun place to go for some drinks. Good music nice employees.
best mexican food ever!
Love this place! Will only go here to get my eyebrows and haircut!
Greasy tasty new York style pizza. Pretty good, will be back for more.
Very unprofessional, rude and discriminating not recommended for employment...
Cherry pie was on point!!!!
They are the very best. Staff is friendly and professional. I highly recommend them.
So good!! Great prices! Quick friendly service!
Great selection nice sales people.
I love the ice and an ocean water!
Got our first wittle chicks!
Don't trust the sales people they are completely useless.
This place is now closed permanently  :(
This is a wonderful place with excellent food reasonably priced. A ton of TVs and quick service. Wish I'd found it earlier
Excellent service for my first time here! Everyone was nice and helpful.
Weekend hours are incorrect. They open at at 11am.
By far, one of my favorite sushi spots in Phoenix. Great little hole in the wall!
Love this place! Great food, amazing service! I can't get enough!
Under new management and it shows.  It seems service is going out the window.
Lets see if triple D was right about this place. Yep. They were right.  This place is good.
Ajo Al's, whether in Scottsdale or Arrowhead, always an amazing meal.
Service was great! Food was yummy and hot. Good place to hang out with family.
Best orange chicken and egg drop soup you'll ever have!
Read there reviews was excited to try and no delivery still after 5very disappointed
Read there reviews was excited to try and no delivery still after 5very disappointed
Love coming here, the ladies give my kids reliable and affordable cuts!!
Super fast and awesome service. Very happy.
Best service and food!! Everything is always fresh and tastes amazing!
Trash can for the kitchen. .   What to pick!
Money hungry! If you were smart you wouldn't rent from these idiots!
This place is really good...everything is fresh and super yummy
Like everyone else, I love this place.
Extremely fast drive through
Excellent Facility and staff!
Amazing food will come back for sure. Food was great service was fantastic.
Pass on this lameo place with the horrible waitress and the mediocre food.
Great experience an service very genuine.
The worst service ever. The owner is a 3!%*# And Food came out cold
Love this dentist.  My daughter has been going here since she was 2 and loves going.
I don't think there's a better value when you need to feed 12 kids.
Great food, wonderful service.  Much less noisy than roadhouse that's down the road.
Mimi's is slipping in quality
Best sides dishes of any of its competition and the chicken ain't half bad either
First time here, probably my last. Worst. Taco. Bell. Ever. Enchiritos & smothered bruit to had no sauce, waited over 20 min in drive-thru, tacos were just thrown together. However, when I brought it back the shift manager was very apologetic and remade everything on the spot. A possible save...
We missed breakfast by 15 minutes, scream
Pie area separate from restaurant, great staff
If getting gas, caution for enter and exits  at pumps.
Love this theater. Great prices, small crowds, great service!! Great local gem!
Got the stuffed salmon special last night, it was wrapped in the bottom brown part of the salmon and visually was turned off. The rosato pasta stuff was clumpy and tasted like it was microwaved in a bag. Bruchitta was soggy, not toasted either. The male owner could have cared less and the female owner wearing a bedazzled coat was sitting at a table drinking. Bathroom was gross with a basket of used gold tees for some reason and my wife was stuck in the bathroom cause there was no tp. Never again
Been coming here since I was 13! I love this church
Breakfast sandwich mediocre, hash brown sticks and coffee lukewarm.
No inside area. Just drive thru and walk up.  Good for a quickie!
Love the new office!  9250 N 3rd Street suite 3025. Phoenix.  602-246-9080
Quick fuel picked by the supervisor. Ugh
Great happy hour! Go a few times a week with co-workers.
Great friendly staff. Fun to people watch
Kinda pricey for what you get and the on site "restaurant" stops serving food whenever business slows down, so don't count on a meal. Oh, and the bar serves beer but not wine, not sure about liquor. No movie channel on the TV. Pool was pretty and staff was friendly.
You can never go wrong here!
Horrible service and even worse food. I will NEVER go back to this shit hole!
Good food.  Fast.  Friendly.   Great customer service.  What else can you ask for?
Their nursing and medical section is quite small, other than that i love coming here
Love this place, been going there for over 5 years
Very friendly, excellent service. Very accommodating to older clients
Always good food, good service, good price.
The best authentic Mexican in Litchfield Park
McDonald's sucks! Only reason to eat here is cheap and if your in a hurry.
The food is always good but the service is slow. Nice people just slow.
The food is always good but the service is slow. Nice people just slow.
1st time players can print a $2 coupon from their website.
Best car wash in Surprise! David really knows how to take care of regular customers!
I would Never stay here again.  Had an early morning so I turned in at 10:30PM.  At 1:30AM I was still awake as a Korean baseball team was wide awake and were singing and having a good time.  I switched rooms at 1:45AM and got to sleep at 2:30 and was up at. 6:30AM.  The Manager offered me a $13 credit.......   Really....$13 dollars.   Another example of Penny Smart and Pound Foolish.
I have been going here since they open years ago. Always good and always clean.
Prices are reasonable and the employee that helped me was very friendly.
Oh yea... checked out the flashlight that cost 260.00.  Um needs batteries. Not as bright as the sun. So I will not be purchasing it.
Pretty decent location for a nice target store
I've always had amazing customer service at this theater!
Great food and wonderful service by Rachel today .
Price is fine for a $5 foot long...but bread was undercooked. That's a first.
Great service, great food
In the area for spring training..came here for happy hour and it was excellent!
They have jamba juice out here! So happy right now!
Visited this location today, clean happy atmosphere and great service.
Hampton Inn are always great, this one was also great.  The staff was awesome to me.
Ask for Rudy...very friendly and great service.
Dirtiest  jack in the box ever!!
Best pizza and food around true mom and pop pizzeria.
Very dissatisfied with the pizza. Left half of it for the trash.
Great food and service. Prices are more than fair.
The lobster spinach queso is a must!
Ok. Nothing great and nothing bad.
Great food good atmosphere. Went on a thurday evening waited a long time for entrees
Really really bad service. Slow, lots of mistakes. I'll do carry out in the future.
Life changing bar with a unique atmosphere and great service!!! My favorite bar!!!!
They have new girls, bartender is cute and Elizabeth... is hotty....
We live eating the gyros here! The fries have no salt so skip them and get salad instead!
Totally underestimated food- everything I've tried has been great.
Cannot get enough of this place, so fresh, flavorful, and good!!!!
Great place to eat,  staff is great and really fast. Thanks for the great service
The best place in town bin here more than 20 times always perfect
Awesome food. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!!
This place is amazing. Love the chicken kabob plate. They never disappoint!!
Good is always good. Never had a complaint.  Eat here when ever we can.
THE P.A. was so RUDE... Terrible bedside manner.
Awesome food at a great price.     The staff here is wonderful.
Let's test the authenticity
I've had better frozen pizza.
Horrible costumer service. Didn't even want to be bothered. Was rude and ignored me.
Love this place,  very friendly service.
Free wifi with no password and clean spacious room.
The Best Ice Cream place EVER. We love the place and the staff.
friendly staff. get your food in a timely fashion. no complaints.
I went there yesterday with my wife and mom.  Not bad but not really authentic.  Very tex mex I guess.  My wife had the Chile rellenos which she said were not good.  I had the Mexican pizza which was very large and OK.  Great salsa.
Great food and atmosphere will definitely be back!
nothing great. hashbrowns tastes like old oil..
Really a great place to stop for some good home style cooking.
Sausage gravy and biscuits. Perfect. Epic. Everything else we had was good too!!
Lili is Very knowledgeable and helpful. Enjoy coming here.
Love this course. Great spring specials. Awesome for afternoon golf. In and out.
Love this course. Great spring specials. Awesome for afternoon golf. In and out.
Been here for about 8 mos now and absolutely love the place and the staff.
I'm glad to see there's a new service deli manager in that department!!
Greasy and quick should be the name of this place
Chinese fast food! Excellent fried rice. Boboa teas were too sweet..
Pizza was cold and the pepper were uncooked! Very disappointed
Wasnt happy with the food here..
The pizza is bomb! The delivery was quick and the delivery guy was really nice.
Sam Riddle brings country to Vegas!
UMMM WTF...Would you feel safe while your sleeping?
Great time with Kavin and Ashley!
Food is decent and the wait is much, much better than Olive Garden on a Friday night.
Have been getting my hair cut by Jodi for a couple of years now, she is awesome.
Always great service such nice people great prices
Getting the man's mane under control.
Love this place I trust these folks.  Been going there for years.
Good customer service and very mellow atmosphere. The prices a very low.
Last Chevys location near Vegas. Great chips salsa chicken fajitas. Love this place.
Last Chevys location near Vegas. Great chips salsa chicken fajitas. Love this place.
Great service. Great prices. Wouldn't think of taking my pick up anywhere else.
Great place to get your auto fixed, highly recommend!!
Cheap cigarettes, good games and food to eat in. Best cigarette prices in town
Pier 1 wins for longest check out time. I'd pay them if it ever took a reasonable amount of time.
Chicken Katsu was horrible. Over cooked & massive fatty chicken yuck
Ordered the roast pork menehune. Looked like TV dinner.  Not coming back.
Excellent in everything
Good food, and good service...
There bathroom Is nasty!  Really Dillards!
I buy all my tools and lumbar here. Love this place
60 cent boneless wings Thursday!
Nice service. Tasty food.
Food is always great and service is excellent!!!!
Best Gyros in Las Vegas, the supreme with feta and lettuce is outstanding
The best gyros in town. The freindliest staff and treat you like family. Awesome!
Megan our sever was awesome as well!
My vegen buddy claims this place is good for his "veganess". Tasty!
Youve turned into cheap people and the spaghetti is watery as fuck
Stevie at the print/copy shop is awesome!
This new location is great! Steaks are always delicious!
The best of the best are here ! Great food. Great service !
My favorite Jewish deli in town! Great corned beef on rye. They even have kishka!
Might as well say this is on sunset vs green valley D:
Great food and great service.  Simple as that!
This place is awesome. Great matzoh ball soup and sandwiches.
Philly cheese steak omelet
As always,  good food for a fair price. A bit of a wait, but oh well.
One of the best pizza places in town great food! good value!
Great food! Great service! Loved the pizza here and the service was amazing.
This place ROCKS with tasty food. We were excited to find calories worth eating.
Love this place! The wings are the best!
This is my favorite place to get breakfast. The service here is really good.
Wednesday is buy one get one free for sundaes, this month only.
Great food, reasonable prices!
Best NY pizza!  2 slices, knots and drink.
Delicious very good food always enjoy it here n Yummy margaritas : )))
Great place to grab lunch! Good food, great service and really clean!
Awesome! Great food, wonderful service and good prices. I will definitely return.
Love the orange chicken and egg rolls!! Also the service is always great!
Really slow service and ice cold food and the place wasn't busy.  Truly awful.
Always get good service. I love there food and drinks.
Great service. Great food.  Love this place.
Tableside guac.....BOMB!
Fried calamari the best in the menu!! Luv it
Awful service!!!! Our servers walked by us many times and didn't even bat an eyelash. Served everyone even if they sat after us.
Gettin my car serviced
Such a welcoming place! Was taken great care of by Leckie & left happier than ever!!
Great service and very nice people from the sales perso to the finance manager
Classic ham sandwich is excellent!
Awesome place and staff and highly recommend
Not a huge selection but what they do have, they do well.
Great food. Yellow chicken curry was great!
The cherro is frozen & there is paper in the ice cream this place is not good
Always friendly staff and of course great ice cream.
My first vegetarian restaurant...it's ok but I don't feel healthier....lol!
Good food and at a good price. Great for lunch and eating light.
I like this place, when you're in the mood salad this is the place to go
Good service and friendly employees. Great place to stop for lunch.
Always a great spot. Fresh food, friendly staff. Not fancy but a solid restaurant.
If you're easily annoyed by hearing restaurant staff sing Happy Birthday every few minutes I would recommend a different place.
There steaks suck. What a waste of money and time. Never going back.!!
Cant go wrong in a station casino property
Kind of hard to get to but food is good.
The food was very good dinner-type cuisine. The staff was very friendly.
Always do a great job just a long wait... Always busy
Fideo soup is pretty good.
Good relax environment. Good mole. Worth the trip.
So so food. No military discount. Wouldn't come back. It's also too loud and small.
I must say very good food. Service is outstanding.
Great food service and vibes! Love this place!
Great food great service always busy
Best place for cheap-er gas!
Don't let people drive your car,  it could end up in a place like this!
The spicy shrimp dish and ceviche over oysters are absolute musts.
This place was pretty good someone took me here a long time ago and I could never remember the name and I just found it.
Been one of my favorite spots since high school best chicken fingers
I love hamburger hut ! Always fresh & served quick!
Super cheap breakfast
Great job guys. Good service with a smile ill be back
Great staff and friendly service! Can't wait to pick up my glasses
Best  steak sandwich I had here since I moved here from ny
Best mexican in las vegas. The salsa is to die for and the fajitas are awesome.
Need more registers open and better customer service this is ridiculous
They have some of the best curry I've ever tasted I want more yes!
Go after 7:45 PM on a Friday night. Thats when it calms down.
Awful customer service.......ok other words necessary
Very happy! My boys haircuts are great! Stylist were awesome with them!
Staff is very friendly and my clothes come back looking great!
This place is awesome. Great old school barber shop and reasonably priced!
Good so far haven't been here in years let ya know when the food gets here
Nice bar, good staff, and tasty potstickers. Applebee's is neat and bright.
I love this place it's so clean plus they serve their clients wine:)
This place is just amazing.     Had the special veal chop the owner
Use the "Chipotle Tabasco"
Good food quality, long lines.
Chicken is always great; now they have sofritas as a vegetarian option, too.
I love this place everyone is so sweet and the food is to dye for!
Excellent service and the food was spectacular. Would definitely go there again.
Good news: they brought back mozzarella sticks. Bad News: they got rid of the white chocolate molten lava cake. For shame!
Good sevice and food. Manager ron is nice. I will be back. Fast and friendly staff.
Beautiful. I love the fire pits and the flow. Great job guys.
Tanya is awesome. Love the work & service was wonderful!!!
They have Ms Pac-Man!
I absolutely love this place!!!
Great service Food came out extremely fast Machines odds are horrible, 4 star
Sports on TV in front of every urinal
Do NOT eat here unless you want food poisoning.
Very talented and nice barbers. I would recommend them to give you a a good cut
Do not ask Tim for a Faux Hawk .... worst haircut ever! I went to another barber shop to get it fixed. Tim needs to learn how to do certain cuts not just want to get customers in and out!
19.95 all you can eat!
Authentic Mexican food! Visiting in area, but definitely would could back!
Had the Philly cheese stake sandwich. It was all right .am so full right now ! Lol
This was awful today , brown rice was so dry , as was Beijing beef. Really bad !
Best Dr in Las Vegas !
So they "don't really sing happy birthday here "..... Womp womp
Worst branch. Food cold, serve unattentive, and bathrooms were unclean.
for exceptional customer service, ask to be seated with a waiter named Michael
The Seared Ahi Tuna is amazing!
Best sushi in town. Great service, food and price. Highly recommended to everyone
The best sushi in town!
The sushi is great but order the ROLLEY RICE BOWL..... It will blow your mind.
Love the chili cheese fries
This place has a female mechanic. We definitely need more women in the automotive industry!
Great service. Speedy too! Always come to them for oil changes.
Fast service! Great bed side manner. Took our son and the Doctor was great with him.
Just love this place, I go once a week for all you can eat.
Great sushi best all you can eat it's a small place bad service but great sushi
We have always had good luck here. You can be pretty healthy and it's fresh.
Taco Tuesday is the best!! Great price for the best fish tacos.
Getting my car washed. Good quality friendly staff
Always quick when u come here to get my oil changed.  Friendly technicians.
Great Mexican comfort food... Love it!
You wait forever!!! Front staff is horrible! Go somewhere else!
Rae's takes way to long to get there food to the table
Bangin chicken pesto sandwich, with sweet potato tots.
Gravy fries were delicious. Had the prime rib sandwich..also good.
Fun unpretentious VEGAS! Party awesome! Food  Awesome! Come to Artisan if you want a memorable night!!
The best after hours in Vegas !
Located in a cute Asian town I never knew existed! Pho time! Full of Asians in here!
It's like a fusion asian restaurant usually when you think of pho, you'd expect only Vietnamese food but there's a variety. The atmosphere & vibe is great. So is the pho, which was excellent. Next time I'm in Vegas, I plan on trying out some new stuff here.
The food quality is so bad,  please avoid it at all costs.
yummy food, open all the time, sometimes semi long wait but its ok, i do recommend
You really can't expect much, 24 hour pho place in Vegas..
Best spot for late night noodle cravings
Still the best place in town to get great food with great company
Best pho in town! 24 hours, sometimes there is a wait but totally worth it.
Just for that they are open 24/7, with decent Pho.
Great empanadas. Service not so great
The food was good and the service was good. Nice clean place
Worst pho ever. Worst pho ever. Worst pho ever.
Consistent and staff is always friendly.
Got a pedicure with Karen. She is so great and patient. Love her and this place
They do not deserve one star. They are the worst and worst customer service
It was okay not the best, pupusa was dry but nice shop for your family
Barista needs a lesson how to make a real latte
Food great server sucked tho.
Best happy hour in the city!
Happy hour from 3-7! Oysters on the half shell are spectacular
Pork vermicelli is light fresh and flavorful. This place has great food!
I love the steamed egg, beef tongue and short ribs!!!
$13.99 all you can eat 2300-0500
Takes a long time to clean up table. But its understandable cos grill is hot n need cool down, i suppose.
Love this place. Unlimited Korean BBQ. Nuf said.
Hooked on the short ribs. ....so tasty...and ban chan is yummy..
Claudia was the artist that I saw and she did an awesome job. Great work.
Excellent customer service rob is amazing!!!  I will definitely be back again.
ghetto,  ghetto,  ghetto wow wal-mart!
Ghetto Walmart ... always out of the items that I need most!!!
Fast, inexpensive and professional. I would definitely recommend.
Good for Chinese fast food it's a but hotib here. They serve cans and bottles.
Frank helped me switch a watch band and he did a great job.
Back again. I can't stay away. You simply must try their Napoleons!!!
Horrible customer service. From the staff tonight this lady not coming back
The owner is very helpful! Wonderful service and great selection!
Great food, the owners are great. But...There were flying pests. Too many to ignore.
If you don't at least try the shaved ice, you are missing out BIG!
They said 45 minute when I called, ended up being just 5 minute Waite
The food is amazing here :)
My regular place for Hawaiian style food! Very good!
My regular place for Hawaiian style food! Very good!
Hands down, one of the best cheesesteak sandwiches in Vegas!!!
Best of the Best!!!! Habib is a master at his craft!
Best chimichanga ever n street tacos yum... Staff really friendly
this restaurant is no longer in business. a thai restaurant replaced it.
One of my favorite places for breakfast & brunch in town.
Awesome service excellent food and not to pricey I would definitely come back
Nice place, great food, very good service
Careful !  They tack on an extra $17 per night for a bogus "service fee"
If you are assigned the courtyard run the other way!!!! This place will lie to you and this is the cemetery for customer service. The front desk staff is as rude as can be!!!!!
This is a pretty tranquil place. Not to crazy and its away from all the fuss and buss of the strip. This hotel is more for locals
No coffee maker no mini fridge bad internet terrible customer service
YellowTail Tartar on toast crackers! Awesome
Good food, nice service.
Not too bad！Ramen is fine，I like beef Tataki！Nothing special！
Yummy eats for later at night.
Great place, Tapas and good dessert, try the pork Udon stir fry dish
First time here.  Super good food and service!
This place is a reason to go to Vegas.
I love this place...I will be there tonight again..see you'll there!!!!!
Friendly people great atmosphere. Good music great time out I had fun.
Walked in and saw a coach roach running on the floor.
Great hand rolled cigars
Hands down the best cigar lounge in Las Vegas !!
You guys aren't going to get your money.
Good place for a lot of food at a good price. Had a all you can eat lunch.
The highlight of my trip to Vegas!
Chicken fried steak with spuds is the bomb and fried zucchini is a must.
Just had the best chicken fried steak n eggs.
Blew my expectations out of the water!
Place is small but cool though...bartenders are nice...not a bad spot
Bring ear plugs! Nasty dance music and dispatch radio way too loud.
Almost 20 minutes late on pick up to airport.
Don't use this company
Love the product! Extremely hard workers! Very impressed!
Great shave and cut today from Oslen
Cran-slam club, very different! Turkey is delish...
Love the Bobbie and the cookies at the counter are awesome!
No BS! No Run Around! See Juan, he'll handle it!
Great service but the driver was a little weird
Food is amazing,  hubby and I love this place
Very awesome Camera shop , Very knowledgable staff and great products.
Amazing customer service. I love the friendly waiter guy with the nose piercing!!
The combo plate was very tasty. Large portion size and Great service.
Excellent service and really great food. I'm obsessed with their Mac salad!
Great food and fantastic service!
They had the Bar Rescue so its remodeled into the 702 Bar. But still it has the same style
In the same building as Precision Performance
Great friendly staff. My wife loved it.
Best place for individual attention and care!
Only the top two rows of doughnuts are vegan!
This place is so freaking good.  No way anyone can tell they vegan.  The people who work here are always so nice.  Cash only though.
Top 2 shelves are vegan friendly!
It's a small shop but one of the best donuts I've ever tasted. There's a few donuts/pastries that's vegan and very delicious. It's a great deal...a dozen for $7.00.  There's a variety to choose from and you'll want everything. I learned the hard way...CASH ONLY. Worth it!
Yum! The donut holes are great. Perfect to pass around
Yummy a real authentic donut shop
Great late night delivery! Pizza was really good! Didn't take to long for delivery!
Great staff, lots of parts, new and used planes.
Good service - they were a refreshing experience after the west flamingo shop.
This place is filthy. We are sitting in the back at a booth and the space next to the wall is an inch thick in dirt.
Great food, service could be better.
Great pizza , beer , and coffee
Omlette was Awful and service was even worse.
The ladies at Academy of Hair Design doAn Excellent Job For US Veterans hair cuts
Excellent - family owned, Gary treated us as family. All the food we ordered was great, but the clams in black bean with ginger was to die for. Definitely going to come back!
Was just on dirty dining! So nasty!
Love this place the dungin crab with salt and pepper is deliceous
Yeeee! Another must for Las Vegas!
I got the most simplest breakfasts that one can order came out practically frozen everything was cold and old!
Had the banana nut custard! Western Special!
Best in town ! Ive been coming here for about 8 years now (: defiantly will be back
LOVEEEEE it ! Still think about it all the time now that I'm back in Cali.
Service has taken a significant downturn.  It was completely indifferent.  Decent food. Good music.   Horrendous service.
Love this place. Very authentic. Soups are excellent. Been here several times.
Thry have a seperate eating area
Turned me away because I have a service animal. Against the law and very rude
Everybody on the east side of the valley is here.
Fast, clean and honest. Two thumbs up!!!
Good selection, reasonable prices and fast service.
I just simply love this place! Never once had a bad experience or donut from them!
Amazing. No other doughnut compares
Hate this place! Messed my nails so bad! They suck at stiletto nails!!!
Excellent food! The staff are great and the good is always fresh.
Me encanto Los Platos Vegetarianos!!!Vegetarian Plates are great!!!
Best Thia food I've found in Las Vegas. Must visit!!
Love the herbal salad !!!!! Best item on the menu
Nephew being baptized
Arrive sharply at 430 to beat the evening rush.
If you want live Halibut sashimi, sea snail & giant shrimp, this is the place. You can pick your victims from their live tank ;)
Awesome staff!! Worked me in when I was having a problem.  So glad I chose them!
Please read my previous review of this hellhole.
Please read my previous review of this hellhole.
Great change from all the chain pizza places. Great pizza and garlic knots!
Fresh and delicious!  Try the spinach roll!
He's the best. Caring, easy to talk to, and a great doctor! Highly recommend!
This place is hoppin' at lunch time during the week. If you can make it before noon, you can avoid a long line.
The worst service ever...lol
Absolute worst service.  Tremendously long wait.
Hours are M-F 9-5 & Sat 9-3.
Aha!   They finally got one Americano right!  If again, they will get one more star
Great job on resizing a ring for me.
The wait is to long. Some staff are friendly.  Not a kids friendly urgent care.
The only one good dish here is the cubed beef with gravy. The rest is blah!
Horrible! Worst buffet ever! Way overpriced for the terrible food they serve! Yuck!
yummy！i come here many times ，every time better than before。
Crappy customer service stay away
Awesome pizza and fast delivery
So much to see and buy
Everything takes forever. OmfgWaiting for a phone to come in. Give me a break yall
Rad Nar (pan fried noodles with Chinese broccoli) is the bomb sooo good
Unprofessional staffOverpriced foodWill never go back there again
Very good cabeza tacos and carne Asada fries. Definitely coming here again.
GREAT cheap eats here! They have a 3 Soft Tacos with a drink special that is not only cheap ($7.65 + tax), but absolutely delicious! For the life of me, I can't understand why anyone would eat at a Taco Bell when they have Pepe's Tacos--for starters,  the ingredients are fresh here, and I KNOW that the meat I'm eating is REAL chicken. You can see the cooks preparing the food, and they not only offer the common fountain sodas, but the cool horchata, jamaica, and pina drinks.
Awesome carne asada tacos,burritos, carna asada fries and horchata!
Great staff and food is amazing..... One of my local favorite hangouts
very friendly and caring staff.
Best place to go. Go see Nick C.
I didn't really like the French Toast... Everything else was great though:)
Love the deserts here.
Happy hour nachos.....unreal. You can't finish em!!
If u r n a hurry skip this place. Staff is rude and they are out of lots of items
Good quality for the price and lots of variety
Angel is a great salesperson.  Great service and prices.
Awesome service good job ray wish youd open earlier or let me be security
Not to bad. Good chicken and fast service. People are friendly to.
Micheal was very nice. He gave us a lot of attention.  Very nice to my kids.
Kathy is great. ..will bring my Chupita back.  Very accommodating. .
They did an awesome fox cut on my Pomeranian. ..he's so happy!
It's no wonder that K-Mart is going under. The most incompetent people work at this particular store. If they didn't have these toys on super sale, I would have gone somewhere else.
I feel like this gas last me a bit longer than any other types of gas stations. Texaco has always been a favorite.
Their subs were so good.
This place has every nut , bolt and screw you will ever need!
This is such a classy resort with the best staff and only a mile from the Las Vegas strip!
One of the worse carne asada burritos I ever had.    I will never go back.
The showers are cold and the fridges are warm.   Would not stay here again
Horrible company with horrible service.
Fucking incompetent!!!
Don't get in these cabs if you value your life. The most wreckless drivers in Vegas.
Front desk staff is rude
No call no show! Guess they don't need any business.
PTS also has great food!! Not just drinks! I love their chicken wings!
Bike were really really clean. Jake newlan was awesome- so fun and good prices
Friendly. Moderately priced.  Pedi for only $35 and that's the deluxe.
" Tanked" as seen on animal planet!!!
pretty good breakfast spot but $6 for a small glass of orange juice is a bit much
Great place. Try the French toast. They have big portions and prices are reasonable.
Great, great, great service
Close to my work, prices and availability of supplies are ample stock.
This is my local spot....love the staff!!!   Stephanie is the best!
Ice cold beer and pretty bartenders... What else do ya need??
I don't know why there are suck bad reviews. These guys are great at what they do.
The team here is efficient and very very professional!
Took 2 hours and 25 minutes to get a cold Pu Pu platter. Never again.
Hands down best ever!!! Both steak and chicken Sammys are AMAZING
It can be hard to find. Just drive around the building you will see it!
Excellent food, very good service, will come back again.
Food is good, but the ladies who work there are always so grumpy.
Good overall- would benefit from more beginner/kid friendly routes
always have the best and fast service whenever i go here. never have to wait.
If your trying to have obesity And have good food this is the place to go eat
Don't load up on bread 'cause you'll never finish your meal.
Early Bird special is very good.
Wow. That took a while to get in. Bring a book.
Thank goodness for Double Eagle.
Great service, fast & friendly!  I go there every year
No nonsense kiosk. Very professional, in and out in minutes
Fast and friendly service.  Also able to register with DMV.  Easy, easy.
Great location and great dentist for my baby boy. Finally I found the dentist I can trust.
Always fresh and on time
Outdoor patio is enclosed but they allow pets, which is awesome!
Bomb as hell love the lobster burrito the tortilla chips are entirely legit
Today 5-16-15 they are the worst super slow and orders are coming out wrong
Love coming to This location. BEST OF THE BEST Always clean and fresh
This is my favorite starbucks! They always make my drinks just the way I like.
Always pleasant & on point.
Friendly service with reasonable prices for simple watch repair.
Great massage by Jose
Waited an hour and a half for my 10 year son to get pain meds with a broken arm!!!
Love this place. Quick and friendly service and food is always good
Attention now serving food poisoning, fake mexican food, need to be shut down
Very happy with their pizza.  It's my favorite in the city.
Best pizza in town!!! Love it!!
Try the Kobe Sliders...and the sweet potato fries.
Our server,  Katrina,  made our Sunday Funday better than expected! !
The staff  always makes you feel like family & Food is always amazing!!!
Great service, food and a comfortable atmosphere
Back again  Best breakfast in town   This place is a must for breakfast
New new new for country nails !!!We open until midnight
Terrible. Wasted so much of my time and rude. I took my business elsewhere.
Absolutely stunning salon! Awesome fun knowledgeable employees.
With 3 people working it shouldn't take this long children..... Get it together pls
Great customer service
It's ok I've had better but for the price not bad. Orange chicken was ok
Hot n Sour cup of soup only $1.50
The entire staff was so nice and helpful. We were in and out within an hour.
Widy is the best nail tech in Vegas by far. She is very quick and neat and clean.
Love this place. Lori does a great job. Anyone you get is great here.
Got a free large bottle of hot sake!!!
Super good food.  Owner has so much passion, top quality fish.
Love this place! There's no other sushi place in town can top it.
This place is bad! Worst service I have ever experienced and the food was nothing special.  The Chicken Waldorf salad says it has "roasted chicken", it's more like a fried chicken that's dry.  The manager was not very apologetic and it didn't seem like they cared one bit.  15 minutes to put our order in, followed by another 45 minutes to get our food.  I will never come back here.
Very nice setting! Really enjoy sitting on the lake drinking wine eating great food!
Love this place when you need an escape. Great wine selection and great view!
Just a wonderful evening great food wine and service
Love this place when you need an escape. Great wine selection and great view!
Alex, was awesome! Great experiences always. And it was great seeing Brian too.
Cool spot for bar fun, good food & drinks.Lisa Marie rocks the bar on wens. & Fri.
Nice employees, very quick service
I was able 2 get right in. No wait!
You have to try their Chile relleno burrito, I have one at least twice a week!
This dentist office is awesome!!! Great people!!!
Looooong wait for hot food!
So so so damn good, I can't wait to go back for more!
Best bbq place hands down!!!!
Excellent food, workers and atmosphere!
Amazing! !! You have to try it!!! Very clean in side!
Love it always friendly workers and love the hot links thank you for such great food
Super nice folks, got me the hook up on pork neck bones.
Brand new outdoor patio on this place is cool Thursday nights is live music.
Best craft beer in town !
Awesome food and variety of beers!!
Some very good Craft Beers, I really enjoyed the 44 Magnum Red Hydrant Blend.
Went in for an oil change.  Service staff was quick and courteous.
Kind friendly staff! You can tell they love their job!
Our favorite place to grab a bite to eat! My favorite is the club with fries.
My whole family has been going here for years. We love it here!
Fast service! Very clean bathrooms!
Always hits the spot when I don't know what I'm hungry for.
Crap food decent staff pricy for no good reason Never going back again
I refer all my friends there because Dr Utley and the hygienist Vicky are the best!
Nice gym... don't know if I'll like this place on squat days because of the stairs.
First pedicure. Place is clean and priced right. I enjoyed myself.
Good test for any golfer. Water, sand, hard greens that don't hold the ball well.
Convenient location and hours.   Friendly and fast service always.
The worst service ever.
I can't belive what nasty is that place
I give Dr. Rojas the 5 stars! She is great however some of the staff needs help!
My must try list:Salt & pepper pork chops (or chicken wings - both are excellent)Hong Kong style crispy noodles with beef (any meat on these noodles is a good choice!)Dry chow fun with shrimpWon ton soupDeep fried flounderSalted fish and chicken fried riceSautéed beef with pineappleChicken with snow peas
Service was great and reasonable price..
love love love deep fried hole fish is the best in town...the best chinese food.
This dealership is a rip off, they over charge, and they have arrogant employees.
Sharing a yummy salad and a pizza is more than enough.
Pizza, delicious.Hummus, tasty.Service, excellent.
The best place to get duck taco, and hummus. And the customer service is great.
Place is horrible period.....,,
.25cents wings & beef nachos! Bring it!!!
This place is not like the pictures. It is dirty and everything is broken.
Good food,  great service and beautiful Hooter girls
I love this place! I can't wait to come back!!!
The worst services i had even had..
Great Pho and grilled pork is excellent.
Food is good and price is affordable
Nice place good service. I didn't have to wait.
2nd best pho in Vegas next to Pho Kim Long
This is the best pho I've had in Vegas. Hands down. Will be coming back next time
Loved the soup! Good atmosphere and friendly compassionate staff.  Easy parking.
Very helpful and nice guys.
Last minute and very helpful!  Thanks!
Just awesome food. Chimichuri and meat. That is the focus. Gotta love it.
Very good place and very clean too.The food is so good for a less price.
Always good, always chill.
Sweetbreads, sweetbreads.  Just wonderful.Try one of the BBQ platters. Great stuff.
Delicious sandwich and hot home made soup....fresh food.
Great group of doctors
Awesome karaoke Thurs-Sat from 9pm to at least 1 am!!!
Sent flowers to the wife at work. Everything went great. I would recommend them.
Bad customer service. Very rude.
Loved this office and Dr. - They all made me feel extremely comfortable during the entire procedure. Had nerves wrapped around a wisdom tooth so I had to go under, everything went perfect.
Horrible!!!! Waited for about 45 minutes no food nothing! Now to wait for a refund!
Worst place I've ever been all the bartenders are wasted
Great people on the personal Banker side
Cool old barGreat chicken cheese steak.
The wings are awesome!
Definitely I got the best deal after shopping around.
Toyota care is awesome. Friendly people.
Great place to shop for all my son's football equipment
Delicious food and great service!! Can't get much better than that!
Excellent service and great waiting area.
what a bad customer service in the service area jason is very rude!!!
Never get what you order. Just sad.
Honest and professional.
Free Brake Inspections!
Quesa, carne burrito, pollo asado torts, very good. Excellent sides for free also.
Multias de asada are delicious!
I've been coming here for 20 years and it seems the food quality is going downhill.
Super nice staff at this location
Always a good job!!! :-)
Great patty melt, good beer selection, fast courteous service .
The dorms feel like prisons , somewhat despicable.
Delicious.....definitely a hidden gem.
Best Subway shop in town!Good service, fresh ingredients and great ambiance.
This place has some delicious food. Can't wait to come back.
This place is soooo delicious. Other reviews were what made me choose this place and I was NOT disappointed. Well, I was slightly disappointed when I found out that they didn't have any menudo. If you want menudo then make sure you come on Sat or Sun morning. Otherwise the caldo de res is a must!!
Love Mama Marias!  Come early, they fill up fast. Has great takeout as well!
I love this place me and my husband go there every month and is amazing. The shrimp
Best most authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas!!!!
It's a decent place to have a drink and shoot some pool.
Yummy food and great service! The waitress held our kiddo while we ate haha. :)
I love the postman at this location. He is so funny and super helpful. He is a gem!
Beautiful and full of beer.
Best fish and chips in Pittsburgh. The haddock makes it extra good
Nice, casual atmosphere, 3 little pigs sandwich is awesome.
Very busy at lunch.  Almost like they weren't ready for a Friday lunch.
Pizza is awesome here!
$1 well drinks Thursday 10pm-midnight
You will get smoked out. :(.
Great gem hidden on 12th ave near Jacks bar in the Southside off carson st
$2 Magic Hat #9's from 9-11 on Sat nights!
Coming from Boulder, CO... This place immediately felt like home. With added street toughs patrolling the alerts outside by the river. Awesome.
This place sucks. Overpriced drinks and rude staff
Rialto has the best Sicilian Cuts in town.
Great service, great food, great old fashioned bar!!!!  Awesome place!!!!
Big Lincoln is the best morning after breakfast in Pittsburgh hands down.
Employees are not friendly but the view makes up for it.
Just beautiful! Awesome view of the city and river!
Ordered a $5 mango smoothie.  Can tell fresh fruit was not used. Alright.
Drinking and being stupid with the knucklegraggers i work with...
Food was excellent!! Pricey but your paying for the view
Great food and Service.  Ride up to the restaurant was incredible. Must go!!
Great food, great/fun service! Bring an appetite!
Wonderful meal!  Wonderful staff!
wonderful service. fast & cheap
Not bad for me at all! Nacho Mama app was a hit with my group of 8, server was super friendly, and we were given free salad and dessert! Definitely comfort food- don't expect a ton of healthy options.
Takes cash only- but there is an ATM inside for $2.25
Smells like waffle cones and happiness.
Avoid! Now I know why all of the positive reviews said great late night place. You need to have a drunken buzz to enjoy the food. We were 0 for 4 on dinners. BBQ chicken pizza crust was burned and lacked flavor. The pulled pork was dried out, tough and lacked taste. Buffalo Mac n cheese was too thick tasted like they just dumped Frank's Red Hot Sauce in. Lastly, the jerk chicken was too jerky.
Ordered delivery. Never showed up.
$1.75 slices all day everyday. Not Antoons or Sorrentos size. Actual slices
Amazing pizza Amazing service Amazing prices Amazing shop Amazing Everything
Excellent service.  Did more than I expected.  Brining my classic VW tomorrow.
Awesome food as well as awesome service! Definitely a nice hidden gem!
Excellent food, and very quick too. I recommend the beef chow fun
Fun for kids of all ages (3-100)!
Went there very frequently when I was a student, never disappointed!
I have eaten here a few times and the food has consistently been good.
Love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Try a cut of plain or spinach with their ranch dressing. You should draft your will first bc you might die and go to heaven. Just sayin.
4 words: Best pizza in Pittsburgh!
Best cheese steak I have ever eaten.
Just what I wanted... Great Italian Special Hoagie!
Harry is a nice guy! Affordable price! Sometimes there is a line but worth the wait.
Best Chinese in the city.
Pepperoni pizza and BBQ wings were good.
No hello .. No menus .. Goodbye
Best dive bar in Pittsburgh
I love their food I get the fried chicken wings, yams & green beans!! delicious
Good pizza wings and beer after APFT and weigh in.
Manager is AWESOME! place is consistent. Much love. *I'm lovin' it*
Hole in the wall place ... But the food is so GREAT!!! Mmmmmm try the beef patty too
He has the best chicken. Honestly everything is good. I drove 45 minutes to get it.
The next time they get an order right will be the first.
Came here while in Pittsburgh for work. Got the Pazzo Cheesesteak , very good
This place is really cool. So many birds. The shows were very interesting as well.
Great afternoon for family fun.
Great place to learn and watch birds. .  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
The bread is amazing! Several choices in breads available and it's open almost 24x7!
This place is A1. The best bread in Pittsburgh.
Very. Good  fish  sandwich. And  homemade  soups
$3 drafts and half off small plates from 5-7 weekdays and you get a great view of downtown pirate burgh and front row seats for the passing coal trains!!
Great wings. Awesome sandwiches. Friendly staff.
Get here early! Seats fill up quick!
Staff is always polite and movie selection is great!
Cheap. Fried. Bland.  Pretty much sums up the place
Blows any other hooters away. Prompt, attentive and clean.
Love their catfish baskets but customer service is hit or miss!
They're so many other great food choices in that area that there is absolutely no reason not to avoid this place and go somewhere with more passion for the food coming out of the kitchen.
gone!!!! finally went out of business
Great staff, atmosphere,  food and bands.
We got a lot of food for our money. Service was good and the food was great.
Great service, friendly, and most of all, honest!
Great breakfast! Family environment and friendly wait staff.
Will say, the menu that is online when you google Great China is incorrect. So you may want to ask the price for what you are ordering to make sure you know what you are paying.
Nuther GC that feels like it is about to close. No used gear bought in. Much empty floor space.
Fast, courteous, professional service. I would highly recommend MTB.
Always Great food and Great customer service!
Great food & large portions. Friendly staff & prompt service.
Good Mexican food quick. Good prices and family oriented. The price is good and definitely will be back again. The tableside guacamole is cool too.
Awesome service and even better food! The waiter was very attentive and helpful.
Go here all the time best Mexican in town
Excellent food with an intimate feel. I prefer the back patio area.
Starting it with a chocolate martini!
This place is now closed
Per the menu, ask for "no MSG" before ordering.
Way too expensive for the quality. $8 just got me a sub...no chips no drink!
Expensive for food that taste like nothing.
We've only had pizza (numerous times) and it's always been excellent.
Been going to Allison for almost 4 years and love her!!
Good food and good service. Great lunch specials
The delivery is fast and reasonably priced. Food is always hott and delicious.
I had the crab cake and my boyfriend had the filet mignon, both were delicious!
Excellent seared Tuna Salad. Be careful with the wasabi dressing! It's rockin!
Flank steak with onion and horseradish sauce. Awesome
Good food, diverse menu and decent service.
Best pico da gallo  in town!! Very fresh burritos! Friendly staff, good atmosphere.
I eat here a few times a week. Great food and super cool people!
yurm. yurm. yurm. only yerm.
I'm from San Diego, customer service not to good...
Elegant old Church. Beautiful details.
My absolute favorite place to enjoy a great glass of wine. Amazing service.
Great store! Something for everyone and they owners/staff are very friendly!
Just great fried chicken!
Great spot to chill and enjoy your coffe
If there's another ER available go there. What an expensive mistake I made coming here. I came with elevated hypertension and chest pains. I'm still in a waiting room after 2.5 hours full of homeless just spending the night. There have been two impending violence warning announcements and several calls for security since I've been here. I asked to leave to go to the Pineville ER on my own but they tell me they'll charge me for two visits. Place is filthy!
Love this place. They have the best sushi in town . Night lights looks awesome !!!
Loved everything Fresh food and friendly peopleWhat else could you want
Friendly service legit tacos
The crab & shrimp dip is excellent! The tacos are too. Just be careful. This food is spicy! It's delicious but spicy!
Great food and service. Tacos r on point.
Amazing..... Wonderful food & atmosphere. .A must try
Meh. No macaroons. Cold standoffish worker seemed mad about something.
CASH ONLY!!! Good Service!!
Slow on Saturday. I've been seated 55 minutes and still no food.
Sadly it has closed. For good. 7/4/15
Nice venue for seeing shows.  Be aware that the theater is older and the knee space is a bit limited.
The best biscuits I have ever had IN MY LIFE!!!
I love this place!! Food for the heart and soul
Always yummy. Everything here is so good!
Awesome food! Great, quick service! Laid-back atmosphere!!!
Michelle and Allison are the dream team baristas!
You call it. Night already starting right
Fried chicken is the bomb
NO BURGERS OR FRIES!  Walk-up stand
They are rude here so no bueno :(
Great service and great food. The desert was amazing and the portions are so big!
Love the fresh ingredients and different flavors. Really enjoyed
Love this place!!  Ask for the homemade extra spicy hot sauce!!
This is the worst place. They think a renovation is just a thick paint job. The office staff doesn't care about what you need, the birds are crazy around the apartments in the back and fly into the glass doors and die on the patios. Maintenance is always late coming into the apartments. I have even tried to contact the district property manager and after multiple messages she has not tried to contact me back. LOOK ELSEWHERE
I grew up in New Orleans and this place taste like home!  Just solid good eats.
Squash casserole is the best!
Eat Drink RoCo! !! Great Food and atmosphere! !! Love it!##
Friendly and fast service!
best bike shop in the area!!!
The best Italian in Charlotte.  Period.
Great spot. Love their pasta dishes and they have great sandwiches as well
Great customer service and quality. The more you bring the better the price.
Great food Great Service Great Atmosphere
Need to walk in? The earlier the better...only waited 5 minutes!  :-)
Excellent food and service in a well managed restaurant.
As always Michael has a great crew and great food..    black bean chicken yummmmmmm
Excellent service quality local farm food. Always fresh . Very unique menu!!
OMG, findly, a real coffee place! And damn grate coffee!
You have to come here! The food is great. The service is better!
Fast cut and only $13
Call in your order, gets kinda crowded!!!
Pleasant staff, quick service, wonderful food.
Good spot for beer sports and food.
Quick service 95% of the time and 95% of their cabs are new and clean!!!!
Terrible pizza. Such a disappointment. Never order there again!
Love the convenience of the redbox and inexpensive products!
Great food ! Large amounts at a good price!
Guacamole is on point. Service is great, the best I've seen
Worst place I've ever been to    No service or women.
Great barbecue and great prices
Get here early for lunch...they get filled up. Sandwiches are great as is the soup.
This place is slow as shit. Waited 35 minutes for food.
33 Export Vietnamese beer!
Absolutely delicious. Best pho in town.
Decent Pho with pretty standard options and served in good sized portions.
Best meatball sub..light marinara..some on the side...yummmy
Good food and wonderful service, unlimited Dosas were awesome.
The service and food is great!!!
Great service. Food could be more complex and flavorful.
Salt and Pepper catfish is off the chain! Came back the following day for more!
Okay.... Wasn't that bad, but wasn't that good.
Best stinking GRINDERS you have had since you moved South of the Mason Dixon Line!
The wings are outstanding.  Also have great potato skins and shrimp.
Super knowledgeable shoe people.  Two women working men & women sides.  Wife and I very happy.
It's chick fil a. No examination needed
Please don't go to this nail salon. Worst nail service ever!
Wrost service. Not a customer friendly restaurant. Limited quantity.
AWFUL ,even the manager  does not have customer service  skills.
How are you gonna close the store 10 mins early
There was roaches, it stunk and there was a nasty looking stain in the covers
Great food, great service
I love this place.  People are so nice.
All I can say is the southern wings with the gravy is absolutely amazing!
Love this place. Great place to spot for a quick, good breakfast
The order was taken correctly but the person at last window gave me the wrong item
Okay breakfast. Staff was nice
Good service and nice people
Good southern country cooking , great prices nice sized portions
Always shop here for baby things. No complaints!
Great food, consistent and good value. Gyro Platter is good! #6 very good.
Food is great .   Inside needs a remodel. Free fresh baked cookie.
Worst Chinese food I have ever eaten.
Owners changed last year and it is now only fair.
Great lobster queso appetizer and creme brûlée cheesecake for dessert.
The steaks are terrific and the atmosphere is great!
Great food.  to eat here when in the area.
Nice interaction, quick service
Pretty good take out ...not bad one of the better options in the area
Hippy, hipster grocer with delicious hot food and awesome staff!
So amazing. Knowledgeable and awesome to work with.
Excellent coffee and pastries. Fun place to chill and wifi out.
Great vibe....perfect Madison coffee house when you're downtown!
Best in the city. Coffee, variety of baked goods and service earns it top honors.
Parthenon has the best gyros and fries I've ever tasted. That's all I can say.
Great vegetarian options, subtle and delightful flavored. Colorful and cozy.
Very good flavor! Hits the spot!
hamilton's on the square coming soon!!!
Delicious food but terrible service.
In the mood for comfort Indonesian food? It exists!
My favorite steakhouse in Madison. Always a perfect medium rare.
Sirloin stake.... Fantastic. The best I have ever tried.....
Burgers way over cooked and overpriced.
Ordered for 5 pm at 1pm. Cab comes at 5:30 pm. 15 degrees. Fail.
My favorite hotel in Madison.  Especially if you upgrade to the governors club.
Best brunch I have ever had. Omelets are absolutely fantastic
Study upstairs it's comfy and quiet and has it's own bathrooms
My favorite Coffee place in Madison !
Gotta love this place. Excellent sandwiches and soups and nice staff.
Amazing food! I love how all the food ingredients are from WI!
A very relaxing place on weekdays. Loved the iced mint latte
Guy was rude and had zero patience!
Best Thai I've had in the Mid-west.
Where the west was won. Also, a patio worth pondering.
Amazing lamb chops. Great service and dessert was amazing.
Caesar salad - not so good.
Best pizza in Madison and the service is excellent!
Groovy selection of discs and vinyl...two thumbs up :)
I love the antipasto and the #13 on Asiago. Gino's never disappoints.
Terrible customer service.
Authentic, fabulous flavors. Got the combo. Bread homemade!  Will come back!
Really cute homey diner! Gave you your money's worth and great comfort food!!
Great food and great service!
Don't tell anyone but this place kicks ass.
Great thin crust pizza! Cute interior and great service.
Love Panara anywhere. This location is my favorite!
There are many choices for lunch including  salad with all you can eat soup.  The rest of the lunch specials are on the back of the menu.
Yummy... best coffee in town. Very cozy and the staff is so nice
Simple! Great delivery Chinese!
Love this place! Fast, friendly and the food is great!
Love it here! Best springrolls and pho in town!
Can be better if they put bit more attention to finishing foods and customer needs
The food is ok.. Nonveg is good esp kababs..
I've been in clubs all over the nation and this is one of the best.
Always great service and a good value.
Excellent food.   Very nice atmosphere without being stuffy.
It was great service was quick friendly really enjoyed the garlic shrimp
Free toppings on tuesday
You have saved five million dollars today!
Had the quesadilla and it was good. Loved the old school atmosphere to the place!
Some of the best food in town. Burgers are buttery and the fries are crisp and soft!
Top notch food and service.  Try the skinny dippers!
Bad service, super slow. Don't come here if you really wanna just get something to eat. 30 mins waiting, can't believe it.
I have been using for business lunch/dinner.   Nice atmosphere, good servings.
Very very slow drive through.
I had the Italian beef and fries it was awesome!
These guys are the best. Don't think about calling anyone else! That is all.
I don't care for flying but it's way better then a 10 hour drive!!
Shitty airline. Nothing else to say.
Hands-down awful people, service and aircraft.
Terrible service! Never again!
2 hr delay and counting so far. I could have driven to Vegas.
Excellent waitress Tara was amazing with our group of 23+. Great food!
So far so good. Nice atmosphere.  Friendly service.
It's what you expect from an Irish pub. One of my favorite bars downtown.
Lousy food, poor service and got the bill wrong and argued about it.
If you want the best then you need to partner with the team at O'Neil.
Great rental. Good service. Fast process. Was in and out without having to stop at the desk. I have been to Hertz in other locations and this was by far the fastest exit.
Bronson is the shit! That motherfucker knows customer service!
Shop local! Costumes! Gags! Props! Wigs! Love it!
These guys are the best place to get special make up!
Laura is a great stylist. I have a pixie cut and she does a wonderful job with it.
Fresh food. Fast service. Huge salads! I love this place!
Fly any other airline.  This one is pathetic
Funny crew good service.
They've got a live DJ!!
Amazing! Most people do the Scottsdale location, but you really need to check out this original location ( the 1st LoLo's) and see how it all started. For some reason I think the food taste better here.
Worst service ever guy in pink shirt! Waited 45 mins for tacos.
This place is amazing. You can't go wrong stopping in here.
Love this place... never had anything we didn't like !
At $14.50...a basic wash is not cheap! However, they are thorough as hell with the interior so there's good value.
Ghetto and slow AF. Have given it a lot of chances since i live nearby but.. Jeez
Bad feeling about foods and services.
Fantastic food!! First time here but definitely not the last!!!
What is there to say, it's garbage food.
Great people,  great service
Westly is great!!!! Great local bar!!!
Cool looking place prices are good
Great burgers,  very reasonable prices. .. cold beer.
Not a complaint. Great museum. Bring your own excitement!
Awesome Food!! Always a sure bet for great Mexican food. Open late.
Again dave never fails..
OMG where has this place been in my life?The Vermicilli with egg on top?  Wow.
best pho in town for the price
Best place for Vietnamese food and pho on the planet.
Great service! Honest and fair. No wonder they have been in business for so long!
Fast and friendly lunchtime service. In and out in less than 30min. Food hot and fresh!
Always excellent!!! The food is amazing and the service is on point!!!
Great company to use for moving.  Will use again.
Iconic AZ shopping with excellent markdowns on sale items.
Great night with my lady, a bit crowded but worth it overall
Where's that EASY button?
Menu says Crap Puffs...that should have been my first clue.  Egg flour soup looked like snot.  Lemon chkn = grilled chkn pieces with goo!
My first visit to this restaurant! We did take out: lobster with ginger and onion, half a roast duck, stir fried green beans with pork! SO, SO good! Will be going back to try the crab, steamed whole fish and steamed live shrimp, which the owner told me today is only in season 3 months out of the year! (April to June)
Drive through takes forever in the morning 20 minutes for one burrito
10-20% Discounts for students, teachers and AZ Artist Guild members.
An itemized receipt when I close my tab would be nice
Greatest gay bar out in the valley. Been coming here for years.
Delicious. Old fashion feel and beyond great service. We will be going back!
Slowest service ever, sitting in drive through for ten minutes now :(
Did I mention the slowest drive-thru? Yeah.
Yum yum! Will definitely be back!
Teriyaki chicken is the bomb!! Amazing service and very clean.
Good food, i love their salas! Too expensive and the service is terrible
Best margarita in town and only $1.99 definitely recommend it!
This is a great place with a great owner who knows his stuff. Great advice and tips.
Love this family owned restaurant best Tom Yum soup
Don't waste your time the way they wasted mine. :-(
Service was perfect! And the food was more better. I shall return for more Pho and spring rolls. So delicious.
Come to Pepe's when in Phoenix. Good food and great margaritas.
Love this place! Everything you need for beautiful nails at the best price!
Authentic, delicious Vietnamese food. All staff are nice, food is always great.
Amazing spring rolls and the pho is so darn good very good prices for amazing food
Great fried rice and chow mein I ever eaten  in Phoenix
Good burger and friendly service.
Really enjoyed the food, but i didnt get full and it was kinda pricey..
Under cooked dough pizza with raw spinach on top. Gross. Next time Papa Johns.
I've been going here for about a year now and they do an amazing job!
Great home style food. Good service. Reasonable prices
My favorite restaurant I stop every time I am in phoenix
Amazing food that is extremely fresh. Their homemade soups are incredible!
We loved it. Lots of choices and great bustling atmosphere.
The worst Denny's I've ever been too!!!
horrible conditions roaches bed bugs management sucks
Horrible pizza, paid $20 for a large pizza and the mushrooms are from a can.
Best pizza joint around. And there is some good pizza in this neighborhood.
They have reopened at 1739 W Glendale Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85021
4.99 Gyro deal with fries and drink. Yum!
A lot of $$$ and not a lot of quality!
We got in right away and the food is good as well as the margaritas
Best fajitas in Phoenix! The Cadillac fajitas is the way to go.
I am so glad we decided to go solar! Saves on our electric bill.
Good food, good price and good service.
Awesome deals &Good food !! I highly recommend it !
What an interesting atmosphere! Great food and cool environment.
The best food and staff, they have great coupons, and their specials are amazing
Best green chili in the southwest.  Wonderful and friendly staff.
The best dry cleaners in town!!!!
I love Carey. Randy is a great owner treats his customers and staff amazing
The Fundido sauce is the best
Love Barro's from the pizza to wings it's all good!!
Really good pizza and good service! I would definitely recommend coming here.
No air in the middle of summer.  Food was just average.  Enough said.
The chips and salsa are really good and the fish tacos are amazing!!
Disgusting!!!! If I wanted reheated food I would have got a TV dinner for cheaper
The food is great. Get the shredded pork nachos.
Love this place. Come from Buffalo,NY and enjoy every year
自家製のサルサが、他では見られない美味しさとフレッシュさ。
Maria was so helpful and got me what I needed to tune up my car.
Liking the AM crunch wrap!
Coastal Trio was pretty good. Give it a try. Yum. $9.19 with tax.
Always love this place
Love it there!  Bread is great and loved the chicken.
Pink Lotus is closed for business. The owner retired. That's all folksssssssss.
I like this one. Ludwig is very kind and professional.
The best fried rice In Phoenix.generous portions for good prices
Very good food, very good service. Great little gem restaurant!
Just good food. Fast and awesome. Try the Calzones!!!!  Very good
Ordered dinner from here tonight. DELISH! Garlic knots were garlicky and so tasty!
Open 24/7 and chicken fried steak was delicious!!!
Bomb wings.  Great service.  Great prices.  Need to upgrade the tv's.
Pretty decent for cheap Chinese food with tofu.
Best burger I have had in the state of Arizona!!
Patty melts are AMAZING!! I love coming here. Food and service are great
Always enjoy our experience at Little Dragon. Foods delicious and very affordable.
Great place fresh food and staff it's always friendly
Doing something right this place has been here for over 25 years.
Best in phoenix.. been coming here for about 20 years now!
Fried chicken!! Dang its gooooood!
Best pizza in town hands down!
Never disappointed. Always delicious. Best wings in Arizona. LOVE this place!
Great food and pan dulce.
This place is awesome, love getting my coffee here in the mornings during graves.
These guys are great! They do an awesome job at an affordable price.
I enjoyed their Pollo Bowl!  The avocado salsa made it taste even better!
Wonderful place. I'm glad I found it. So is my baby Rascal.
Asked for a side of sriracha and got this so wrong just laziness
Great place! Great food!!! Good service!!! Happy workers!!!
They make the best "House Fried Rice"
Hair on food and cockroaches on table that's all I am saying!!!
Good food although waitresses take a bit long to check on you.
Good portions super cheap and food is pretty good!
Worst customer service in any target.
Eat here occasionally, good food choices for everyone. Their Hot bread is the best!
Great food.just the wait is too long
Great place. Good prices, best Mongolian chicken! Really good crab puffs!
This place is horrible. I absolutely do not recommend this location.
This place sucks... Nasty people. No customer service at all.
Great Value.  Great Service at a very reasonable price. Definitely worth a trip!!
Loved it! Great cheese pizza! Service is great!
They make the best Orange Chicken.
Get the shredded beef taco. Best taco I've ever had.
Best place for shakes!
It was awesome !!!! Fast and very yummy!
The normal McDonalds...it was clean and food was OK.  Service was OK.
Here is a tip...avoid Denny's go hungry! What the heck me and a work partner called 3 top rated places on Yelp for breakfast and all where closed? BTW the area around the airport not nice...I would get out of the town a little bit.
The super bird is the best dish :)
No wait, the staff was nice and friendly.
Great subs! Come hungry portions are plenty.  Deli also has a good variety of meats.
Ghetto. Full of hood rats, drunks, homeless, etc. Bathrooms were disgusting.
This place seriously needs more tellers. Takes forever just to cash a check.
Worried I'm the only one here
Bomb wings but slow service. Took forever for the food to come out.
Furniture that is good, stylish and a good price. Also liked the helpful staff.
This store was great. Very clean, well stocked and helpful friendly employees.
Metro is a great place to kill the time. Ok music and great people watching.
Very clean and efficient. No mess. Highly recommend
Pushy salesmen ate totally clues of any product or even what they carry
Very pleased with the service and selection
Amazing South American food! Amazing service!!!!
The food is worth the wait! Everything is made fresh.
Good place. Like another country in every aspect.
What a bargain... $3 movies all day!  Bonus that no previews are shown too!
They have a million tv's! You can watch any type of game here
This place is always great! Great food. Great drinks. Great wings!!!
Great place to watch football!
Pricing was good however the food wasn't as good as I thought it would be
Closed as of January. 29, 2015
Good sales on party food.
Eat this pizza. They have what ALL Phoenix restaurants lack...consistency.
Order each course one at a time. Right now we've got apps, soup and entrees - too fast!
Average location in every way.
I definitely recommend the strawberry lemonade !
Always fresh love the teriyaki chicken with veggies
Best fried class outside of Boston.
Does any one have info on the murder that occurred there last night?
HUGE Asian festival going on!
Delicious down home cookingWill definitely eat there again. Highly recommend.
its good... a little bland. its cheep. the food is hot and decent.
The best 90 minutes you can spend.
No longer in business
Best pozole in town! I go every chance I get.
So very good!  Been eatting hear for years.
Love the food love the staff
This place is magical and the food is awesome!
These may be the best wings in tge valley. Ten for $7.95 and on Sunday they give a half order free?! WHAAAT?!
Crew was polite, and the service was swift.
Great food and team!!! Would recommend to everyone! Thanks for an awesome lunch!
It was decent. Overpriced we thought
Margaritas were fantastic. Jalapeño cream soup to die for. Service was good and fast
This place is awesome!!!
excellent service! And it's free for repair a flat tire!
Both my husband and I about puked...very generic dont waste your dollar
Great place! Was very helpful in getting a unit.  Would recommend them to others.
In and out! Great service and kind staff.
Wonderful crew and a really great venue to have private events.
Newly remodeled and looks amazing!
I love this store. Love grabbing a sandwich in the deli for lunch!
This place is A dive. Really surprised this place is still here. red neck heaven.
Exceptional professionalism and service!
My favorite by far! Love, love, love this pizza!
Reese's chunks in every bite of my large blizzard. 'nuff said. Great work guys!
twice the price of my last dryclean turned around and walked out.
Food is good every time I have come here.
KC should get a rase.  He is a great employee, hard working unlike most people.
Dry and a bit stale bread and the gyro meat was dry. Small salad for the extra buck.
Oh my god. What a shithole. I cant believe the city lets this place stay open.
Great food and great beer! Took my family and enjoyed some live music
Super cute and willing to do my design preference thank you
New blt is fantastic, staff is great. Place is clean
Not pleased with this office and the way it is run in the slightest bit.
Amazing food friendly staff
Best tuna poke ever.  Let that sink in.
Horrible horrible. Over priced. Disgusting. Will never go back.
Great price, great food, nice staff..it's a keeper
Always top notch service and quick at that! I will continue to come here!
My only tire shop! They always take great care of my family!
Awesome service great prices will always come back
Great, honest service with fair prices. I've been coming here for three years now.
been going here for 20 years great place to eat
It has been awhile since I have been here. I think the quality has improved
Great donuts and friendly service I highly recommend & good coffee
You can sense God moving and working in this place.
First time here! Really great service and food!
The food and service were amazing. Definitely on my regular rotation now!
Been wandering 15 minutes and can't find help...Lowes here I come. ..!
Here for live John Denver tribute by my sister's boyfriend. Looking forward to the music!!
Turkey leg and jousting! Doesn't get any better!
The pleasure feast is not worth it,  sadly :-(
Had the authentic enchiladas and they were very nice
Food is good vibe is electrifying
Avoid this place like the plague!  Horrible service, mediocre food, terrible management.
Great food. Great margeritas Cadillac!!!!!  Best carne asada plate!!!!
Dinner was great  tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome!
Food was good but pricey.  Company was awesome
Always great coupons online and in mailers.
This is my favorite local pizza, hands down.
Really good pizza and zucchini.  We enjoyed very much!  Will go again.
Best country breakfast in Chandler
Best place for breakfast!! Love their omelets and biscuits and gravy!!
suuuuuper understaffed!
Awesome happy hour on the 1/2 price pizza and apps.
It's sonic, what do ya want?  Have a burger and a shake.
Fish tacos are just amazing!
陕西菜，总是满座，停车难。味道不错，就在教会对面。生意很好！就是出菜慢了些。有时间的学生很多。
Most delicious authentic Chinese food!
No deliver no lunch special and the guy hung up on me
Excellent and genuine technicians.
Corey was rude and walked without what we ordered awesome Starbucks!!
Nice food for a Saturday night
Very affordable, very fast and great customer service!!!
Delicious food! I was so happy I tried this new place with my family
Yummy tacos! Defiantly will be coming here more :)
Very nice remodel. Very opening environment.
The coffee is made to standard but the partners aren't very attentive or friendly.
Enjoyed the customer service. Always friendly every time we arrive. Way to go guys!
I love this place. Bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches.
They do not respect our flag!!!
Excellent service and food.
Great place to have breakfast, nice friendly staff and delicious eggs.
All of our order was right,  food was good staff very friendly.
Love this place!!!!  Been going here for 9+ years!!!
Great food, great service, Cindy and Steve are awesome. Thanks guys.
Beer still warm and service slow. Food was not hot.
I like there food and prices. They have good portion sizes. Hubby likes Machca
Sometime they run special is your their Facebook friend.
Still the best around! I moved 16 miles away. I still come back here when I can.
Great food and nice people
Food is really hood!  Great flavor!   Best I have had since I left New York!!!
Great food at a great price! Funny to take my kids to so they can see the planes take off and land.
Great breakfast at The Hangar Cafe!  Thanks Shannon for Super Service!
The banana fosters pancakes are a decadent dessert for breakfast.
I finally made it to the breakfast club!
delicious delicious delicious!
The wait on weekends is usually long.. when the hostess says it will be 25 minutes, be prepared to wait closer to 45.
Love it. Attractive place with good food at
Delish!  Fantastic bloody mary and an excellent bene breakfast!
We love this McDonalds. They are clean and fast and the food is always fresh.
Peanut butter shake is to die for, ask for well blend thick/ heavy .
Very sketchy office & no front desk person.
Baja shrimp tacos- Mexican street style
It's dog friendly & the garlic mushroom omelet is amazing!!
Amazing breakfast!!Love the jalapeño pancakes!!Chill comfy atmosphere!!
Trevor Trevor Trevor Trevor Trevor...This is a good 5 star review :)
I love this place. Try something from the new food menu everything is amazing.
Really hot chicks, with nipple covers.
Great place! Had a great time here!
Very nice people and really easy to work with.
What A Treat!!!! The layout the food the amenities!!
Kinda high price. Food is OK. I've had better.
Best Salon, & Full Beauty Studio!
We only went to Grazie because we had a Groupon. This was the filthiest restaurant I have ever been too. Every table was COVERED with dirty dishes and food. Our pizza was horrible. I would have rather had a frozen pizza at home. Never again.
Hands down best bar in Scottsdale!
Easy healthcare clinic visit. Quick. Even filled a script for me.
Just had an asain casket treat us rudely .   Why we did nothing wrong
Awesome little spot in scottsdale for breakfast/lunch.  Great service,  great food.
Love love live this hotel.  And they make the most amazing prickly pear margaritas
No AC! Hot and humid up in here in August!
Server with buzz haircut as rude. Place was dirty.
Had a Egg Nog shake. Delicious. Very satisfying for the sweet tooth.
Horrible dentist! My first visit so I filled out forms , which I hate, and I put a line through all the no's on oart of the health section. Well he didn't like that and came out smacking his gum and asked if I was having a bad day... I said no why? He says I must be by the way I filled out the form so I said not at all are you? Bottom line he continued to harp on it and I said forget this... And left! Seriously? No wonder he has bad ratings! What a jerk!!!
Pumpkin Spiced Latte has just changed my life.
Great bands HORRIBLE service!!!
Love love love. This place is amazing!!  A must when in Scottsdale.
Who closes for maintenance ?? It's Denny's now I'm hungry and mad !
Salty as hell but so yummy! Every year we come for the pork chili, tortilla soup and huckleberry margaritas!
Happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays. Oh yes...
Epic $10 happy hour burger.  Seriously....
Great customer service in addition to the great work they do.
Books. T shirts. And more. Very nice staff. Love shopping here.
Best value in town! Never a lost item.
Solid slices. Ambiance is slight. Very reasonably priced. Staff is pretty friendly.
Meh! Nothing special not sure what the fuss is all about.
Fabulous food every time!! Come once a month to get my fix!!
Awesome Thai Food, Great atmosphere, and Good service
Surprisingly good Thai food. Probably one of the best tom ga I've had...not what i expected for Arizona..haha. I guess that's a good thing
Options are very limited. Very few fresh produce. No meat counter. Also very pricey.
The food was good. The waitress was nice. A little slow.
Patio seating or inside with nice big windows all around. Great place to hear a band!
Best jeans shop in town, local owned and great folks
Excellent food! I love the carne adobada plate.Great place for happy hour with an awesome patio! I really recommend this place if you like spicy food.
Always fantastic service and great people!
golden medium wings!!!!!!!!
Favorite place now that I permanently live here now. Best food ever.
Service is great!  Food is delicious.
Comfortable environment and excellent food. Great for families or date night.
I eat here all the time best in az
The food and services were top notch!!
Great food, great environment, great service.
Awesome support of local music! Yummy food, great drinks!
Great place to eat, took my love on a date here and the food hit the spot.
They tow customers' cars!
Cheap, chill, and a total dive. This place rocks.
Best old dive in town! Those lights during the holidays!
One of my favorite spots near old town.  Real laid back and chill
Biggest waist of my money and time.
Rude nail tech. He literally was throwing my hands without a care. Nasty & Mean.
The ladies are super sweet! Great color selection. Price is great for the service!
Nice and cozy, best fish and chips in town, great Bloody Mary too!
Really enjoyed this little place. Awesome food, great margaritas, friendly service
Outstanding food with authentic environment.  We loved the sangria!
I use to come here a lot Who's got Jawbreaker on the juke box? This place does
Kyoto is great price and great quality for food.
The volcano salmon roll and dynamite roll are great. Everything else is amazing too.
Number 1 and a margarita..... Count it
Food is average. Service is poor.
Usually great but tonight the service was horrible.
Love the size of the pizza
Visiting from California.  Best pizza I've ever had.  Service was great too.
The host was an old italian man who was very very rude.
Greatness. Been sitting on top deck eating lahvosh for 25 years.
Great food and service. You have to try the corn bread and save room for dessert!
Amanda is amazing and helpful. She's the reason I will continue coming here!
The pin on the map takes you to a mansion not Albertson's!
Good service good food.
Best steak in the metro area and that includes Ruth's Chris and Arrowhead Grill!!
The food is amazing! The pizza is by far the best over dominos.
Good food but bad service they all stand around talking and laughing
Dinner time at Iron Chef contestant Chef Beau Macmillian's restaurant.
Great pizza !!!! Probably the best I've had in Scottsdale .
Excellent ambiance, great fillet, good service. A bit pricey for a Village Tavern.
Good food, terrible terrible service. Will not return
Pasta is SOoooo good I couldn't even tell it was Gluten Free!!
One of the best in phoenix
The young lady behind the counter was extremely helpful and friendly!
Terrible customer services. I'll just use ups!
Super duper helpful folks!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!! Nice atmosphere, good service, great food!!
Excellent food and great that they can accommodate large parties
Solid 4 stars. Excellent food and service for lunch last week.
My favorite place to escape!
Now on FLW next to Petsmart
Amazing staff and amazing facility.
Orange Blossom. Several of them.
This pizza just saved my life!!!  Thanks Zack!  Always a great night a Papago!
Great food in this neighborhood restaurant. Smoked BBQ & St. Louis inspired food. Owner George knows everybody's name.
There is even some tables and chairs inside to sit at
Best Mexican I've ever had in Scottsdale and Papago is perfectly near by!
I love love love the California burrito! It's amazing. Don't like the wait.
Love this place! !!!!!!
I like this DQ, but it's hit and miss on the quality of the product.
Under ground restaurant
Awesome Bar cheap drinks and friendly service
Good location, friendly staff.  Pleasant experience!
Holy mother load of antiques.
A REAL hardware store.
Great service and customer service. Love the price matching and great deals!
What an awesome experience! Ray was fantastic!  Zero Pressure and very patient!
Paul is always professional and prompt keeps me coming back for the great service
Great place for water and the smoothies are the best!
If you haven't found a mechanic you trust you have to go and see Ray. This is where you can bring any type of car and b sure they will be honest and not try to rip you off
Probably the best meal in Arizona.
Unbelievably Great! You can enjoy the smells from the time you pull up! Mmmmmmm!
Best Italian food in AZ hands down.
This is the secret lunch happy hour lol.
Great retaurant...very personal owner....
Annie did an amazing job on lengthening the shelves on my sons suit jacket!
I like their bagel sandwich, both tasty and healthy!
Five stars for the delightfully perky, kind and quick service!
Sushi is OK. Kabuki is better, they just are. Go try it.
They were slammed for Father's Day, but once we were in our server Jessica did not miss a beat. Their specials are always interesting and I've yet to order anything I didn't enjoy (especially from the beer menu). My favorites are the taproom tenderloin on beer bread with a hopknot.
Great food, great beer, and it's a Vikings bar! What's not to love??
Breakfast burger was so effen good!
Horrible customer service. Such a shame
Yummy food!  Even the water was the best I have ever tasted.
Awesome fries!! Excellent food and fast service.
Great food, atmosphere and beer...great prices as well!!!
Best hangout spot around tempe. The beer, food and ambience is great.
Get half peach and half Kiltlifter... I call it the Peachlifter!
Love this place from the brews to the beer and the atmosphere.
GREAT beer. The hefe and kiltlifter will never taste as good as they do here!
Five stars. What more could one want? Try the Kiltlifter and the Peach ale.
Simply love the food and drinks.Must go place to chill out with friends.
Great beer great food great atmosphere
Craft beers , great food at fast food prices. atmosphere is fantastic.
This place is delicious. Great food, and their crafted beer is amazing.
Good food, the best eats! Get the chicken tenders!!!
Great food, always fun and very friendly staff. A fun place to eat and watch sports.
Consistently good. Is that long enough?
Be careful during happy hour. Shocktop is considered a craft beer here so they will charge you more for it.
The food was so-so but definitely overpriced.
Dopest sandwich shop in all of the land
This place is a gem in Phoenix!! Highly recommended! Food is delicious,
Scarlett does the best hair cuts I ever had!! Highly recommend to visit her!
The Southwestern Eggrolls are yumzo!
Beer was great. Food was OK.
This hospital is horrible. Don't go here. They did nothing for my daughter.
Great service from start to finish.  Great ice cream too!!
They have the best homemade chorizo hands down!
Woah! Go to the bathroom ahead of time!
Great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share.
The redeem didn't work anymore, they said!
The best broth in Tempe! Open early and the best hangover cure.
By far the best Pho in Arizona so far!
Good filling food at a good price... A lot of the locals visit this spot.
One of my "go to" spots for pizza
Fantastic deep dish pizza! Got the Uncle Ray's sausage and shrooms and shared it between four of us, 2 slices a piece, and was the perfect amount. Fairly cheap beer prices too. Got a tall 23oz wheat beer glass of Fat Tire for only $6
Great food and friendly service.
Fabulous atmosphere and food! Anthony was 'the bomb'!
The food is amazing!!! A must stop when we are out here for Spring Training!
New to the neighborhood and just found out that you need to get here early
Fast friendly employees good experience since I was coming in for a free iced coffee
Grate coffee and sandwiches and all my visits are amazing
Very clean facilities, friendly staff, good-sized rooms, comfortable beds, breakfast buffet for corporate mtg was delicious.
Love love love this place!!! Staff is always polite and very helpful :)
Yes, I had been to Delhi palace the same day I wrote the review
Great authentic food with excellent service. Terrific value.
Anthony is high n tight! Badass service. Oh...and he's 25, not 18Sincerely, CA girl
Are you kidding me with this BS?!!?!!??!
Do not come here if u actually drink anything other than beer. They use a shot measurer & pour exactly 1 shot for a $6 drink. Cheap asses!
The food was good as usual. Get the Shepard's Pie with carrots.
New american veggie restaurant. ...pretty darn good!
Eat the tsoyamis!! The soft serve ice cream is DELICIOUS! They have a lot of different flavors, but they will also serve you plain vanilla soft serve if you want some simple indulgence !
Poor customer service, complete waste of money. I would not return or recommend.
Very crisp lettuce and great service.  We liked the hot bread.  Very quiet.
Love this place, the new management is awesome.
Dirty restrooms and slow unatentive bartenders. College kids. :-(
Amazing food and amazing service!
Good friendly and convenient
Like the beef more than.the chicken...
Just come here and eat. Everything is delicious.
Fantastic food every time!!!!!! My favorite when coming up from Tucson!!!
Best Chicken Shewarma Plate ever!
Yum chicken swarm hits the spot each and every time.
Burnt food. Rude server. Disaster. Don't go here.
Great food and fast but don't try the pomegranate juice if you haven't had it before
It was OK but I don't think we will go back
Lukewarm pizza under heating lamps that is dried out and extremely overpriced!
Crazy good pizza at 1:00 am! Thin crust deliciousness!
Yummy and excellent service! I had the gyro!
A nice ambiance and great hummus.  Pizza was tasty.  Service was very good.
Awesome service + delicious food .. and they had a good live band playing as well !!
Excellent gyro on a pita with a tasty Greek salad...spot on!
Average Mexican food. Quest and guacamole are both good choices.
Great staff, quick service reliable repair shop!  Two thumbs up
Excellent gluten free sandwiches and garlic bread!!  About to try the pizza!!!
Seriously yummy pizza ! So far best we've found out here and we are from chicago!
Absolutely wonderful Chicago pizza. The last in Arizona !
Love it! My favorite thing there is grilled cheese!!
Thank you for a great happy hour! Def recommend!
Hmmmm.  Not bad if you get a really good rate. Like $40 - $60. Clean, has the basics.  Close to the zoo. Free WiFi and continental breakfast.
Fast and fair service. The female manager was very helpful.
Great place to get your car repaired. Friendly people and affordable service.
Love the old cavernous interior.  Sat in the pub area and used their Wifi to get work done.  Great burger and friendly staff.
Good service. Took care of my bike and helped by teaching me about the local trails.
Literally,   waited for more then and hour to get seen! Ridiculous!
Best hamburgers. Best fries. Attention to detail is second to none.
Too expensive for a regular burger . Even smash burger better than this place
Must eat more! Love this place! I've been going here for the last seven years!
Been eating here for decades.  Tijuana torpedo is perfection with onion rings
Here is the proof...one photo tells all.
Food was mediocre. Service was mediocre.
Service is great, food is great and speedy! Always have good experiences here.
I dig this place. Everything is on point.
Incredible outdoor area. Good food and music, too.
Nice hidden Subway, great service, quality food, although gas station is quite dirty
So  far had the bucket of shrimp outstanding. Can't wait for the bean town steamer
Food was excellent. The wait was kinda long. We really enjoyed our visit. Very attentive server. Prices were lower than expected.
Awesome place to enjoy some seafood and great service as well.
Best food and drinks for great price, a happy hour favorite
What happened to the seasoned french fries
One of the best I have ever been to.  Great stage and performers.
I Love working for this company my bosses and co workers are amazing
Great fun! Great selection of music! Whitney was very nice! Wow!
I love this place! Great music and good location.
If you need professional and pretty eyelashes go here ! Ask for amy
Oh my goodness!  Employees are so grumpy!
It's usually good food. The inside is clean and decent every time I have gone in.
Completely rude. Will never go back.
I just love this place
My favorite Chinese food place!!!
Love church's but the service here is a joke always slow
Sad that I moved away from this place but always stop in when I'm in the area.
Great food! Our dish was delicious, hot and fresh. We enjoyed it immensely.
I'm so mad at this location. I'm grabbing lunch with my boyfriend and we pulled up to this location. We ordered 2 holiday specials both with red beans and rice but one with mashed potatoes. I pull up to the window and ask the lady if I could change my mashed potatoes to Cajun fries. She said it would be an extra few minutes I said ok and we waited. She finally handed us our food and our debit  card I asked her for hot sauce, buffalo sauce, and honey. She huffed and rolled her eyes at me. Smh
Quick and friendly service great tasting  food
Fantastic food!  Cool atmosphere. Seems to be pretty popular. Small place. Great selection. Sauces are fantastic!
I like the excellent care I get here at backfit
Great lunch specials and daily $.99 items. Always a great meal.
Great service and great work!
Yummmmm! Best Chow Mein ever!!
Best service. Great food. Good quality!
a+++ service and great food couldn't complain at all. great staff and good manager.
love this disney store! they have sales which is nice.
I love this place!  Great fresh tortillas, and fresh pan.  So yummy!
They always put like 3 salsas in my bag, even when I ask for extra...
I think so my best things here to eat our breakfast burritos.
Great food great service...doma...mmm good
The windows and doors are boarded up. Apparently, it is closed!
Love this place. Quality and lots of choices. I don't get there nearly enough.
My favorite place to go,  Cash only,  no restrooms,  but amazing chili cheese dogs
Fun food and good pizza.  Though shall return.
Very good service. On top of things.
Try the fish and chips. The shrimp has a lot of breading
Great food eat here all the time prices are great!
Amazing little place for breakfast!! Great food and the prices are not bad.
Just awesome! Cute atmosphere and great service. Ginger bronie rocked!
Great little breakfast spot. Come early because it gets full.
The best breakfast in AZ and don't forget the bakers basket
Great food & service!!!  Love their cheese enchiladas!
I used to eat here all the time, carne asada fries....yum. Still good
Went there for the first time to watch Arizona Coyotes. Hockey game very cool.
Round 3, Game 1 Western Conference Finals. Go KINGS!
Is Starbucks locations because I like your coffee there service atrociously abysmal
Awesome orange creme slush!
undercooked chicken. are you kidding me?! disgusting.
Very nice church in the west valley.
Stay away from their fountain drinks. I got water and the water tasted horrible. The soda machine is connected with PVC plastic pipe instead of having a copper this explains why the water tastes so bad like plastic, when u drink a soda you won't notice the taste but try the water and you will know what I'm talking about
It's pretty ono..not as good as L&L but still can fix my cravings from home..
No employees help, and store is so dirty....  Shoe department is a joke..
My little dog always comes out perfect when I take him to Sarah!
Great taste fast service nice guy!!
live close by so it's a great place to get a burger!!!!!!!!!!great place
Best Mexican food ever!
Best Mexican food in Avondale period
The chickens enchiladas were absolutely amazing!!!!!!
First time here. Very nice staff. Awesome food with great prices. You can't go wrong
Eh, it's good. Hasn't changed much over the years but it's consistent
Awesome food. Cool shops!
The harvest salad was great
That was awesome!  BLT and a Sam Adams on a beautiful day.
Fantastic rub for any grilling!  Have used repeatedly on both chicken and pork.
Has really gone downhill...not worth the calories...
It's great the staff is friendly the food is good
First time... Well see how it is
The place is awesome!....the atmosphere, service, entertainment and food.
Low key - food is ok.  The fried chicken is the thing to get.
Always great service and super friendly. I would recommend this location.
Great food and very authentic. Service was good and quick.
Always delicious food and great service
Good food with the best beans and tortillas I've had in a long while.
Excellent service. Great food. Very nice staff.
Very tasty.  A place that the locals visit. Everything we ate was good.
Great restaurant.  Shrimp dish was soo yummy
Love this bar,awesome crowd.great bartenders.ask for a shot of Sammie Juice
Been coming to Big Heng for over 10 years. Love it
They are very unprofessional and complain too much.
I love it! Everything about it.
I love this place. My favorite drink is the white caribou. Absolutely delicious!
Every time I have been they provide awesome service. Great customer service.
Always fast and good sandwiches the wheat bread is the best
Simply awesome work and customer service. Forever a customer!
Great little dive with the best donuts in town.  A true gem.
Friendly staff and amazing food! I have yet to try something my kids or I disliked
Great donuts very friendly employees. Arrive early if you want chocolate donuts.
Finding hair in your pastry can really put a damper on your experience
The staff is so rude we checked out
Worst car wash ever! Bad attitudes & horrible customer service!!! Go somewhere else
There were stones in my food!!
Excellent gluten free thin crust pizza. Got the Margarita. Delicious!
Fabulous food, end of story. Atmosphere is gorgeous.
Great ribs, had the 50/50 platter! Delicious! Great food, people and experience!
Terrible quality food.  Will never go back.
Waiting 19 minutes and counting for food. Drive thru getting food but not diners.
Great pizza, fast delivery, super nice delivery guy!
Tomatoes looked disgusting and why don't they carry ketchup? Isn't this America?
love this place!!! great customer service!
Drive thru is always slow.
Always messing up my order. It's really irritating !
Best Mexican food in Henderson and even Las Vegas. Great staff as well.
Love this place! Hidden gem! Very nice folks too! Best tacos around!!!
Authentic taqueria in Henderson!
Henderson Special... 5 pounds of wings and large one item pizza for $38.25
Great place to see new movies for cheap. The popcorn and snacks are awesome too!!!
Excellent work and had my car back the day it was promised!!!
Great place for Chinese. Its in Henderson, but its so close to my house.
Home fries are homemade potatoes chips.
Quaint diner. Small town feel outside the big city.
Bar makes really good white russians, loose slots, friendly staff, great atmosphere.
Super Nachos and Ranchero eggs hit the spot!
My favorite little place in the water street district ! Love it ! Fast delivery!
Best donuts hands down anywhere soft fresh made with TLC.
Wound care facility is awesome! The Drs, Nurses and staff are wonderful!!!
A great church, very welcoming, and a place where it's okay to not be okay!!!
This place has terrible music and an obnoxious bald bartender
Great people! Fun atmosphere! And best of all is
Awesome place! Many a great nite at old Scoundrels! Cheese steaks are the bomb!
Staff was very helpful and great on follow up service!Thanks!
We had the two for twenty. I had the low calorie option and it was very good.
Mom likes coming to the airport early so she can play the starwars slot machine. The guy sitting next to her just won $300.00.
Tell taxi driver not to take Interstate!
Great place to fly in/out of...
United is always at gate D
Slot machines, massages and Starbucks are A-OK in my book.
Don't gamble at the airport. The games are better on the strip!
In line to get my CES badge for the show
Big airport..decent food options ..
Why does this airport stand out from all other airports? SLOT MACHINES!!!!
Nice amenities, always quick through security just arrive a little early.
Try the mr. Lucky's slot machine in the D terminal.
Not nearly enough outlets to charge devices.
Not crowed easy place to navigate. Allot of interesting people.
Really stuck it to us on this package deal to vegas.  You suck
Easy, friendly and out the door. That is all I want in a rent a car company!
Impressed with how quick we got our rental car!
Spam Musubi, Portugese Sausage, Hawaiian Breakfast...
Amazing food and everything on the menu is great!
Two things....the bread and the cioppino.  Wonderful.
The best Mexican food in Vegas !!! Everything is good breakfast lunch and dinner
Dinosaur egg exhibit. Fun museum to visit with the family.
Excellent!! Great exhibits with or without the kids. Exceeded my expectations.
I know these guys take great care of thier customers.  Great choice for bail bonds!
Cleanest restrooms I've ever seen!
Best bar in Vegas.  Period.  Tori is the best.
Great place simple fair prices straight forward.
9:30 pm on a Thursday, security guard prevented us from parking at the El Cortez Hotel w/out a Players Card or room key... Got a free spot on the street instead.
Great atmosphere, service, and food!
This place is old school Vegas. Classic!
Terrible steaks and sub-par ribs.  Avoid this place!!!!
No one at Carson Tower front desk at 12am.  This is Vegas. Should be 24 hrs.
Had a wonderful time in the casino as always.....
Worst Sports book in Vegas. Small, Smokey, dark and rude management.
Great rooms and very clean.  The most expensive hotel on Fremont Street.
Corey sighting in the parking lot
On the next episode of Pawn Stars..
Just disapointing!!!!
horrible.  Don't waste your time.
For my fellow Laotians looking for authenic food, this place is a must!
Had lunch here today was again pretty good.
Lots choices. Excellent quality & great prices compared to rest of Old & New strip!
Fresh air & Vegas history!
$18 adults. Residents, seniors, vets, military, and students $12 .and children under 6 are free!
Takes me back to 1988. Artistically placed well. Well informed tours. Guided tours only. Takes an hour long. April is a perfect time to visit. I can't even imagine doing this tour in the summer.
Night tour was great! And FYI they do allow photography at night.
Old Las Vegas signs have a home!
Keep on Walking! Everything is Better!
Don't use the quick check in all it did was confuse the front staff
The best authentic Mexican food in town! Hands down!
Really great place to get a tux rental! Staff is very knowledgable and friendly!
Thank you. Lyne for the GREAT service!!
Dr Simpson is great!! My family has used his services for many years.
Always get service with a smile! And very fast too....
Always get my order done quick.
beef salad & crab fried rice
Amazing food, great customer service, very friendly workers, again GREAT FOOD!!!
Great place to get Thai food To Go...  Take it back to your room on the strip...
Thanks guys for the great work and customer service as always :)
If your dog doesn't like the vet and will not go in while it's on a leash... Don't let the dr take him or her in as he will drag the animal into the room... If you have a puppy or dog or animal that needs shots or whatever .. He will shove the dewormer down the animals throat .. It's very sad but there's no office fees on Tuesday so that's the best time to get it done .
Omg!! Pad see ew with deep fried pork belly(moo grob)....a must orderNot on the menu but ask for it5 stars!!
Great food! But go early in the day they get really busy
Had this today at work for the first time. So tasty! Beef enchiladas! Yum :)
The service and drinks and food is truly amazing.
Service average. Fish and chips above average.
What you expect from an Irish pub.
It's what Olive Garden dreams to be
went to order. no pepperoni?!?! what?
Sandy the best !! Really knows her stuff very good personality to boot
Close by cheap decent food quick fix for under 7 dollars
I absolutely love this place!! Great food, fast delivery, very friendly people!!
Friendly staff and convenient location.  Nice selection.
Great place for music, drinks and mariscos very friendly.
Love the atmosphere! The waters are so upbeat and fun and the food is really good!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Si! Si! Si! I put hot sauce on my burrito babay
Food was delicious Margaritas are very good!!!Love the beans and salsa with chips
Great place to eat! Excellent authentic Mexican food
Food is great and service is fast!!Awesome guacamole made to order tableside!!!
Bannerview is crooked. Please spare yourself the anguish.
The best pizza in town and the best NY people I've ever met reminds me of home
Great food, great service, affordable!
Billy is an awesome bartender and food is always outstanding!
I got the prime rib special. It was very good for the price. Can't complaint.
Yum dim sum ...when it's not busy all is 5 star! Yum yum dim sum
BEST DIM SUM!! New spot to eat and at a great price!!
This place is the real deal authentic Thai food. Friendly service and great food.
This place is the one of the best pizza places I've ever eaten at, simply delish lol
Amazing!!!! Good price good pizza good kalzone.
Sit outside. Lovely misters and put put golf for the kids.
Epic atmosphere and quality service. Amanda was by far the best server we have had in Las Vegas.
Great atmosphere, wonderful food, and exquisite service!
Real Italian Best in VegasWine list excellent Waiter Eric great
Great food, great service (Eric was the best) and great atmosphere!
Poor service they open at 10am
The best italian restaurant in town. My favorite angel hair with meat sauce
The crazy Alfredo is really bomb!!
Always good !  Tried the pizza for the first time - excellent!!!
Loved it. Good pasta.
Snow White pizza with Alfredo sauce
First time playing Bingo here in Vegas.  This bingo hall is nice.  Separate smoking and non-smoking sections.
Wow! Nice comfy feeling here, casino, bowling alley , decent food prices: $1.50 hot dogs, noodle shop $6.99, I really like the feel, shuttle that runs to Orleans then Bally's and back. Come on now don't gamble with your stay too!
A great place with the best people who go above and beyond to serve and assist you.
Customer service is terrible.
Want good diner food, but not starving?  Big Bear offers items on their "A Little Less " menu
No wait on a Saturday night
The service was friendly and the food was great.  I was pleasantly surprised.
Fantastic bacon cheddar burger! Very polite and responsive staff.
Love this place, always food for the money and the sweet cream pancakes are amazing
Amazing breakfast - fresh squeezed oj! Yum!!
I love to go here on Monday's.  There movies are only $5 for a movie ticket.  The seats are big and comfortable.  Usually you get the peace and quietness since not a lot of people go to the movies in Vegas.  Most of them are at the bars or casino.
Never enough tellers here.  Glad I don't bank here! Wish my landlord didn't
Here referring in the 39th BCAPL National Championships.
Never never book in this hotel there is no security they don't care about your safety at all i was sleeping in my room and someone come inside my room took my laptop bag and my passport my phone watches every thing that can be stolen and when i told the security they were trying to make it my fault and they trying to makes me thing that was my friends .. Finally if you want your safety don't stay at this hotel and if someone need proof i have the police report and the security.
So far not a great start ... I've been waiting for my room for hours!!!
Great hotel. Very clean and nice rooms.
In search of cake pops. Not here
One star for the Serranos. They weren't even spicy. Smh. Bomb tacos tho
Lovin the bean dip! :D
I just love the lunch special and the staff is very nice!!!
Guy was talking on his cellphone while making my smoothie.
Island green and peanut butter cup are my hitters! Those are the two of my go to's
Great service. Always friendly. Most of the time no wait at all.
Always a winner with us.  I believe the best Taco shop in vegas
Good food and great service!
Open late, fast, friendly, cheap pizza, wings, hot sandwiches.
Gets worse every time...
Horrible just horrible! Do not waste your money.
Lots of variety and friendly service, the quality is real good for the price.
It's a fabulous place, one of the best of Vegas.
Best pizza place in Vegas drove all the way from Los Angeles
Not a big fan of absynthe.
Amazing dinner!!!!  We had the chief tasting menu.  Everything was delicious.
Such a great place to hang out and enjoy great sushi!
Was super delicious with great service. Fish was fresh and very unique. I loved it !
Great spot! Love all the menu options.  Popcorn lobster is my favorite
Friendly staff and great food. Awesome music is also awesome.  Must come here.
Great sushi!!! Lots of sushi to choose from
Great late night sushi spot! The Washington roll and the kiss of fire are amazing!
Great sushi great prices!!
Friendly service, awesome sushi. Definitely a great choice for sushi in Las Vegas!
Great sushi love this place
I love this place the service is always good and the sushi fresh
So Good! Best Baked Scallop roll I've had in Vegas!
Good sushi and very clean good ayce
Fast friendly service. Everything we had on the AYCES was amazing! Very impressed!
Great menu selection for all you can eat sushi!
Wanted to go they are closed at 7:00 pm Wednesday night????
Favorite spot boyfriend and I love going to. Popcorn lobster roll is amaze.
Good sushi in Vegas!!!!! Good service with a good price!!!!!
Very good food! Service was fast, the whole staff was on the ball. Great teamwork!
Lots of selections and pretty innovative and creative foods.
Top notch ayce sushi. Great food. Lovely service. Well worth a visit!
Busy and slightly understaffed, the the manager more than made up for it.
Worst places ever they don't know how to help you at all never going there again
Always great service here!!!
Great dive bar. Super friendly service and good food. Not overpriced.
Meatball stromboli! Best in Vegas! In addition $5 Jack and Cokes need i say more
Second time here and the Stromboli is amazing.
The service was ok. Food was bland.
It's pronounced "Tar-Shay" you simpletons! ;)
There is nobody here...
Great service and delicious hamburgers!
My favorite spot in Vegas! I love it when they have their lobster fest
Staff was friendly although they I watched one girl commit a health code violation by putting olives back into the tray that had been fallen off someone's sandwich.
Close at 3:00 on Wednesdays. WTF?
Sign up with your email & they'll email you when they have sweet deals...
Come ready to exercise!
I choose not to go to this mall because of it's boring stores.
Dirty ... Spend the extra money and book at a cleaner hotel. Even though they have housekeeping "clean" the rooms, the sheets are still not changed. So gross. It was too late for me to change locations but if I could have I would have.
The Walmart of Las Vegas hotels. You get what you pay for.
Great price and kid friendly.
Fun casino with lots to do for the whole family
Filthy! Long lines with employees who don't give a damn. Avoid!
4 days at the ASD show
They could use an extensive upgrade.
Steak Fritas are awesome
Always has great beer. The Vegas spot is a little sparse on the clientele in the evening, so don't expect to ignite your night here, but it is a great alternative to the Hofbrauhaus.
2 for 1 Whole Pizzas on Sundays and 2 for 1 Slices or Whole Pizzas on Thursdays. This location only. No player card needed. Open everyday from 11 am to 12 midnight!
The Best Pizza In Town!
Good pizza best pizza in town, deliver is good and the staff the best guys
Yes, yes, yes.......a must see!!!!!
Good food but $$$$$- $14 for soup sets the tone on prices
Amazing simply amazing
190 Octane!!  That's all I need to say!!!!
Great prices great drinks and the dollar shots are a great deal!
Excellent food for an excellent price. First trip and first Yelp, but highly impressed. Drinks are priced to recupe for the food, but definitely give it a shot.  If you see an open seat, you're lucky - take it.
Good value and location.
Fresh chocolate dipped strawberries & delicious dark chocolate truffles :)
Ready to eat the crab salad to start. Then the beet salad then wine.
Spago never disappoints
Yummy place!!!! Good food great atmosphere  love it here
Great gucci store, awesome staff, especially Michelle, everyone should ask for her.
I love their eyeliner the best
Loved their creme brule gelato.
Fancy, expensive but nothing great! But the view inside the Venetian is spectacular.
Pork Belly Tacos; Cheat Day
Date night with my cute cute!!!
Rumor has it the flautas are amazeballs. Let's see...
Every experience here has been amazing. Shawn has been especially helpful.
Great store.  Great people.  Great prices.  Great shooting range.  Just the best!
Great staff! Thanks Mr. Bentley! Come check them out.
Best wig store ever. Nice prices. Very nice owners. Nice quality wigs.
Go to Danny, he was the most helpful!
Where little kids are in Vegas...
Avoid this place for everything other than the steakhouse.
It's as if Jerry Springer decided to open a casino in Vegas and hired all his guests as employees.
Never again. Disappointed.
Circus Circus still a great hotel to visit while in Vegas, the circus acts are fun.
Midway is awesome! The best part is it's FREE! Different acts every 30 to 45 minutes!
I got a room in the Manor building. It's a very filthy smelly old building.
Friendly staff, free soap, close to strip :)
Clean and very friendly staff. Super fast FREE wifi. Drove an extra 2 miles just based on reviews and worth the drive. Would definitely come back here when I'm in Vegas again!
Very friendly. Free soap. Cheap. Clean. Recommend!
The best cheapest way to get around. To all hotels on strip
50% off sushi 2-5pm on weekends
Ordered calamari.  It was like chewing a rubber bands.  Canceled order and left.
Good food and good service
no wifi, that is terrible!
All I can say is Roaches Roaches Roaches
Sehr lecker und nicht zu teuer.
Allways great service and great food
To  sunrise Breast Center.... Good job!!! Good customer service
Great staff... Im very great full
Ummmm.....well..........uh..........hmmmmm.
Love this place. Old school! Heaven!
Awesome in every way!!!
Amazing! Best Italian food ever. Great service and ambiance too.
Love the clothing here!!
One scoop of Jimmy Fallon's Late Night Snack, please!
This place is famous for a reason. Great food and friendly chefs.
The food here is AMAZING. By far my favorite meal in a long time.
I love it cheap drinks great vibe ... You can't get better than that
I feel like a princess
They'll bring up an entire unlimited supply of safety pins and band aids but charge $5 for plastic utensils? I'm puzzled.
The best pool I've ever seen!
Make sur you soak everything up. Quite a place to discover...
Not nearly as smokey as many other casinos, and all the restaurants have vegan and vegetarian options, which is rare on the strip.
Winter in wonderland. Everything is so beautiful.
5 stars all the way!  Best hotel in Vegas no doubt
Hoo hoo. Turkey Burgers and Guitars!
Dessert aye llegue. Este lugar supe que lo disfrutaría me encAnta todo
Awesome food !!! Highly recommended
I love the BBQ deal here! 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 chicken for $9! Go early and expect an hour wait. It's worth it.
I'm doing this... And I will revel in its failure..
Expect a dive, and that is what you get...
What a deal! $8.99 for steak (medium rare - was juicy!), green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes, fries or baked potatoes! This is not on the menu but you need to print the meal promotion from your rewards account for the casino.
The location has changed to right next to the sports book which looks like a fast food joint. The food is amazing but you can't split plate otherwise they will charge you $5. I think that's just ridiculous
Love the country fried steak and eggs.  The service is very good.
$5.99 steak and eggs from 11pm-11am!
Great food at great prices!!! I'm glad we found this place,  what a gem!
The meat taste awesome!!! It's not as fancy but great place to eat!!
Great ribs, great beer, decent slots.
Great old style Vegas breakfast special for $5.  Simply awesome!
Absolutely the best breakfast deal in town.
My favorite place in Vegas for Prime ribs!!!!!
Good value breakfast! Great service.Worth the short walk off the strip.
Rrally awesome food. Malai paneer was excellent
Food tastes great, even better customer service and great atmosphere.
Outstanding food! Excellent service!  I'm glad we found this place.
Tasty food and good ambience and welcoming host
Worst food in U.S. Stay away from here. Expensive buffet.
Never again!This place is horrible!
Well there is a reason they are closing this weekend. Nice but straight up 1980.
Best club I've been to atmosphere and girls
Check out the shuffleboard, pool table, and poker table near the bar (past the lobby).
I have to say the Late night service kind blows. Took 15 mins to get my order. Food came out in about 5 though. I guess this is how I remembered it.
Great late night food and great bar to keep on partying
Ordered a burger 3 times and they still didn't get it right. Ugh
Never waited so long for a drink...and there's nobody here!
Free samples by the dispensers!!!
M&m s all time favorite what's not to like !!!!
Lots of nice stuff for the enthusiasts
$3 craps tables and $5 blackjack switch tables. $5 Single deck blackjack.
Parking is hard to find. They are doing some construction. Call for directions.
Great service.. servers are awsome..Cassie, is cool...and friendly
Preliminary reviews...very nice atmosphere!
Take a break from the hotels and chains!   This is a great experience!   Great food, cool belly dancing and relaxed atmosphere!   So glad we tried it!
Simply the best! The shrimp was to die for and the dessert was awesome!
The stylist was excellent and the price for a bridal updo was comparable.
Good food. Slow service.  I will come back. Not a bad cheat meal.
Great BBQ and service. Cool collection of Harleys as well.
Great food and Jordan the server rocks
You can find much better food at panda express. Pathetic.
SUPER shitty. Seriously. Don't  waste your money. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible.
The worst. Good luck.
Fernando is the best bartender ever. He's also from my hometown. :)
This was the best meal, as well as best steak I've ever had. Get the dry aged steak and get it rare. Exquisite.
Awesome food and the portions are big.very good service go see SAM the waiter...
Awful food. Awful service.
Nice place, really good food and the sangria ugh.... the best!!!!!!!!
We ordered 2 pretzel dogs and they were delicious!
Avoid room 115, it is inches from the lobby and between the entrance and the elevators...
Nice place plus they got free breakfast. And a friendly staff
I had the veal bocca. I really enjoyed my meal and so did the rest of my friends.
Great foodNice staffWaiting time is averageLocation is great aswell
Low budget lodging with even lower customer service. Acting manager on the dates 8/21 and 8/23 was verbally abusive to us with every encounter. From her outrageous attitude when answering simple questions to her kicking us out a full day early! We were helping scout this location for a large festival and needless to say we will be taking that business elsewhere. BBB will be contacted and there needs to be a complete staff rehire and training.
Great food with friendly quick service.
This is was one of the worst motel experiences I had.
Great steak and eggs breakfast!  All four members of my party love it!
Prompt and pleasant service, our Anniversary Lunch well spent!
Great place to grab breakfast before power shooing!
Great food. Exceptional service. Comfortable decor
Best in town and very reasonable.Chae is a great server and is nice and helpful
Double eagle prime----OMG! This charred rare steak was among the best I've ever had
I died, went to heaven and they served me a Del Frisco filet.
Excellent in every form.
One of the best steakhouse in Las Vegas
5- stars!  The best!!!
Try the chicken Spring roles. Yum!!!
Yes it does exist! I have used this branch many times. Maybe Enrique was too drunk to see it? Lol
Very clean and well up kept hotel. .. very friendly staff and prompt with needs. .
Last time I was here was 4 months ago and nothing had changed! BUGS BUGS BUGS!!
Authentic food and great service, a go to Indian getaway from the strip!
For me, this place is never a bad choice.
Very good buffet lunch spread and a mango lassi worth yelping out!!
Excellent food. Great servive. Full flavor without over seasoning.
Great food and great hospitality! Will definitely go back.
Really bad customer service, food was also not that great.
Great food, great price and great service. I would definitely recommend this place!
Excellent Indian Food ! Hard to find such authentic Indian food in USA !
It's waste !! Not at all worth your money and very few items in the buffet !!
It's the worst indian food ever, Service is too bad.
Great service, clean, and awesome dishes!
Wonderful food! Kashmiri naan, Chicken Korma, Chicken Masala are my favorites.
World's largest gentleman's club! Gorgeous women everywhere had good time
weak ass fucken dancers!!!!
This place has the worst bouncers ever. Rudest people I have ever met.
Excellent place!! We love their Hong Kong style beef noodles and orange chicken
The food was okay. I wouldn't really care to go back.
Worn out. Smelly. Terrible room service. Casino has zero vibe.
Love staying at the Westin. They always take great care of us.
YUCKMeatballs were like rocksNo Mas
Food is awesome. Service is horrible.
The rainforest cafe does not have a dynamite shrimp appetizer. The coupon isn't valid.
This location is closed
Food was delicious, good variety of sushi. They also have other asian staples. They have pretty good desserts as well.
For a buffet, the sushi is pretty good and there's plenty!
Great school.  Helped me find a job and they're still helping me learn new games.
Prime rib its their specialty and they do out right.
Amazing dining experience!
One of the best prime rib I've had
The prime rib is outstanding. The price is high for the portion.
One of my favorite places to go  I eat in las VEGAS location  and in Los Angeles
Always need to go to Lawry's when in Las Vegas.  Best Prime Rib anywhere.
Beautiful place. Tasty food. Worth going to for special occasions.
Please DON'T GO HERE,,, prices are way too high for mediocre food & probably the worst customer service ever!!! They will ruin your night , spend your money somewhere where they will appreciate you!  I never have time to write reviews but I had to warn others about this horrible place :/
My wife and I spent our 10 year anniversary here. 10 years prior this is the location I chose to propose so it held great meaning to us to return 10 years later. I came by before they were open and the maître d' and manager were more than accommodating to my requests for a very special evening. I was able to have confidence in the staff to handle my wife's surprise anniversary ring with confidence. The meal was executed expertly.
Duck is not very tender. The desert and appetizers are really good.
Very good food, gorgeous view and excellent service.
staff was horrible, greens not in the best condition !! I won't be back !
Can't beat this on a Sunday morning!
Love coming here.. Don't get to do it enough
Closed way earlier than advertised. Gaaaaaaaaaaayyyy
Excellent food excellent service. I recommend the Cajun burger and fries it was
Got a great sandwich tonight.  Awesome fresh food and great sandwich maker.......
Jimmy is Awsome work done on time and a fair price
Clean, quiet, nice people, wonderful pool!
Nice facility. Very open area. Traffic sux but awesome place to visit
Liars,never come back againGive them 0 star
The service reps are a joke
Even though this is an 'outlet', the prices are outrageous for furniture that is broken & busted.
Overpriced for an outlet store!
My children love coming  for dinner here. Always great food and tasty desserts!
Great food,service, and atmosphere."80% of the time its great everytime"
They play a lot of independent films here.
Great Chinese very fresh and tasty
Delicious and cheap with a super friendly staff.
I'm a regular donor here.  Great services, and I love the Netflix here.
*sighs* bad poke. This is the first.  I am sure it's an isolated incident.
Great store.Good customer service and decent prices
This place has the best pizza not too thin and too thick! Better than Bambinos
Wonderful!  John is the best in helping out and making things right!
Awesome shop. Awesome service!
never going to this place again!!!! I found a huge clump of hair inside of the taco I ordered and the hair clump had a bug attached to it. I got my food during the graveyard shift. Pure disgust & a waste of money.  Not to mention, the other food I ate, upset my stomach.
I finally signed up for the member card it does cost $25 and is only worth getting if you come here often.
I had membership to Sams and Costco.  When comparing both, I enjoyed Sam's a lot more since you don't have the overly rude customers that are always in a rush and trying to run you and your kids over. (This does not pertain to all customers).   Employees are all the same.  Bigger aisle is always a win in my book.
Mailboxes here have been broken into 5 times in 3 years. The gate up front in front of the mailboxes is forever broken and management doesn't care enough to fix it. And don't bother complaining about not feeling safe having mail sent to your place. Management will promptly tell you how they are new and just "don't know". Oh and calling Trinity is pointless, that's just leaving a voicemail for a person who will never call you back. Your money is better spent elsewhere.
Nice patio if the weather is good...
No plain bagels..huh?
It ain't all that, quite frankly it sucks. Seen better, bought better, you deserve better. Don't come here.
Okay place to grab a beer and watch the game.
This place is to good. No doubt a local hidden gem
Best garlic knots and pizza in Las Vegas
Best green zing juice! Plenty of take out snacks. Best chipotle Kale chips.
Love this place fast courteous and reliable.
Great service. Reasonable prices & honest. Would highly recommend.
Be aware gas price on sign is cash/chevron card only ! Normal is 7 cents higher !
Blueberry cream pie yummy
Poor service all around.   Food is not what it used to be.   New management?
Great price on Christmas trees!
No where near to bonito mochican.
All I have to say is, this is good fish.
Fantastic atmosphere and DELICIOUS food!!!!!!
Best. Fried Oysters. Ever. 'Nuff said
Looks like this will become a regular haunt, and we haven't eaten yet!!
The reason it is so dark is to hide the filth... Yuck!
Great food, great prices and Sue and Robin give excellent service
Great fondue time with new friends
Best egg rolls in vegas.
It is so delicious and im always satisfied with their sandwich ! Thumbs up!
Great and informative staff, hard to find products, and clean facility!
About to eat my favorite...koobideh, hmmmmm
Crack fries and gyro are always what I crave here!
Great food, excellent hookah! What more could one want?!?!
Cold Stone is the shiznit.
Their ice cream cakes and ice cream cupcakes are awesome!
Poopski potato. Best chicken I've ever had in the north. Props Taco Bell
Great sushi, Mel's Roll is very good, service has always been good
Been a few times. Amazing sushi. ;) Sushi Bar and restaurant.
Aloha hour...$5 lobster California roll and lobster potstickers are amazing
This location is closed down. It was in between Whole Foods and Jos A. Bank.
There's usually no wait here. Nice place to stop and grab some good Roast Beef Sandwiches!
Overbooking appointments is bad business.
awesome food!!! my family loves it for so many years!!!
Wonderful service..amazeing fresh cooked food
Good food, good people.  What more can you ask for!
Friendly Clean Looking staff. Always my favorite sandwhich!
Friendly, fun place!! Great service and they always have the best food!
Very nice staff and doctors Honest with you
Check the weekly paper for 2 for 1 coupons!!
This place is great!!! Wonderful service and friendly people!!!
it is a nice convenience to have a teenager offer to pump gas for you. however I prefer to wash my own windows and there are never paper towels stocked at any of the 12 paper towel dispenser receptacles where you get the squeegee for cleaning your windshield.
Always do a nice job on even the basic car wash.
Shawn, the GM, was on top of it! He is truly a change of pace for this location!
Great Happy Hour: 4-7pm
Mmmm, i love this pizza....
Food has always been good. But very dirty! Come on! Can we clean up?!
Super friendly staff!!
Pretty good service usually. And they are always open!! I love my dirty diet cokes.
I love it :)it's authentic and delicious I enjoyed it mmmm so good
Pretty good I go there a lot and the people are nice
I give their Chicago stye pizza A+++++. So glad it is our neighborhood pizza parlor
Fast, friendly and clean. Thank you :)$6 lunch special rocks!
Baja fish tacos- holy friggin moly delicious!!!!! :D and only 99¢!!!
This location has a serious problem with constancy of cooked meats.
Love this place. Always fast and friendly.
You can cut out a ton of calories by using Splenda. Regular Blimey Limey = 210 calories!
Always friendly staff
A bit pricey, but the meat is worth it.
Friendly staff and quick!
Very friendly staff! Good location. Very fast service, like Seattle fast!
Hooray!!! Thank you to the Top Chef Masters for AWESOMENESS!!!
Disappointing! Better Mexican food around
Brandon was a perfect server, he was quick and attentive. The food is wonderful!
Exceptional. Love the food, service, ambiance. Roy's is hard to beat.
The best sushi place in town by far. Big serving. Best sushi. Good servers.
Best sushi ever!!!!! The wait is well worth it.
Orders are slow, tasting is good but not amazing and is so noisy
This was awesome!! So good !!  The service was great!
Best sushi in town, well worth the 30min wait!!
The best ever sushi ayce in the world :") costumer sever great.
My favorite sushi house and only just down the streetGotta have those man whore's
Good sushi for all you can eat!! Fresh fish.
amazing amazing food!!!!!!!!
I Will always come back to this place. Great Food, Great customer service!
Great if you dont care about your figure Irish eggs Benedict awesome.
The Philly Cheesesteak Omelet breakfast I had was Awesome!
This was a fantastic diner!!! Great home cooking and atmosphere!!!
Great breakfast foods, big portions, friendly and quick service.
Not quite as good as other locations
All I can say is OMG! absolutely the best chocolate pancakes ever!
Good food large portion price is right , I'll go back again .
Very friendly staff, liked my nails. Not the most posh place, but quick and reliable
It not that good, big disappointment!!
Food is delicious and service is always amazing. Highly recommend!
Great place for happy hour
Ok. Empty donut shelves for mid morning on a weekend.
Sehr lecker, vor allem das thanksgiving sandwich
Capistrami!!!!! First time trying this place and it definitely won't be the last
sirloin tips and eggs are my fave :)
Best breakfast for the money!  Great staff, great service!!
Perfection, as always!
My favorite place to watch the Arsenal... come on you gunners
This place was so much fun. Owner is so awesome!
Always a good meal. Employees are always professional and friendly.
Nice, clean, friendly, close and convienant.
Gotta get my Cuban food fix- very cute place off the strip...Lichen Asado, tops Vieja, pollo tequila & rice y beans, plantains y yucca mojo
Love love love the empanadas!!!
This spot never fails to impress!! Bomb ass food, reminds me of me dad cooking.
Food, ok. Services, ok. Atmosphere, sucks.
This is the best moving company I've ever had.
Great place to stop and eatGood Hummos FalafelGood student vibeAnd priced right
Veggie kabob plate is my favorite. Make sure you check in to get free baklava!
Best dive bar in Vegas
This photo lab does a superb job with great customer service!
Great food, great people, great fun
Good Service, it was a long line but they got everyone out quick
They cancel reservations if your 2 hrs late and hike up the rate.
This is a good place to go and fill welcome every time.
My job always orders from Jason's Deli and whatever I get always ends up being good.
Try one of the samplers with a friend. Well worth it.
One of the few places where you can still get an authentic multilayered whole wheat Paratha made on the tawa (Indian girdle /saucepan) as it should be and not in the tandoor (Indian oven) - makes all the difference in the taste!!!
The food is awesome!!! Really what I expected.... Nice ambiance too!!!
Love this place! The food is authentic and it has a lot of options.
Best Indian food ever!!!!
Went there for lunch buffet. Food was great and good service.
Very good food, I love it, everything is very nice , so, I will be back again,
Good food, normal price and nice environment.
Good food, but super slow service. Was here over an hour before the food came.
The banana pancakes are to die for. Another favorite is the adobo rice.
Love this place!! Perfect place to grab a tiger tail before work!
Shell gas station... Saved .20 cents today
I love to get free car wash after 9 washes done. It is nice to have a waiting area.
Amazing dinner and ambiance!  Excellent service!  We will be back!
Absolutely excellent food,service, and ambiance. We go every year no matter what !
Great service.  My pants where ready within 2 days.  Fits perfectly
The breakfast was yummy. Possibly some of the best pancakes I have ever eaten.
Mike at the counter was friendly helpful .they went above and beyond for me.
Dr. Paulson and rn Ricky were great.   Third visit and getting better each time.
My new favorite comic store, they were friendly and I got what I needed.
Loved the food!!! Just like the chinese restaurants in hawaii...I will be back.
The meals are large and very delicious, and the Margaritas are the best in town.
Best Mexican in town & The waitresses and waiters are great
The server was really nice. He helped me out with the menu because I am new here.
Best barber shop I have ever been to. 4 hour drive well worth it.
Got "the Bobbie" sandwich was the bomb!!!
The best sandwich shop ever! Try the cheese steak it will blow your mind!!!
Quick , hot and yummy philly! The staff is extremely friendly
Best dentist in Vegas!
Washing Soap. They have it. If you're trying to do natural cleaning or make your own cleaners you will find washing soap here.
Came here last week love the live jazz and food great 70, s throwback feel
The wings are ginormous!
Great chicken my favorite. This place here on flamingo is my go to spot .
I show up 15 minutes late and the clerk refuses for me to sign in. Really?!?! You can let me sit and wait for Hoya, but I must not be late. Poor customer service!
Pretty good service overall and a friendly well informed staff.
Again my nails look great. Katie is the girl to see!
Excellent restaurant ! Camarones sarandeados or steak a la cognac  delicious ! Also margarita with corona excellent
Best restaurant, food and service in Las Vegas
This is our favorite Mexican restaurant when I visit Las Vegas!
Great food and better service . Everyone very cheerful and helpful.
Great service great food. No complaints at all. Highly recommended.
Great food and great service!  Live music that is not over bearing.
Great service. Angelo is the new guy...very pleasant and good
great food, quick service and nice flavor
Best made to order cakes in town. Whipped cream frosting above all the rest.
Best Panda I've ever had by far. So fresh and delicious! Great service as well!
Can't find a better breakfast for the money. Great service and atmosphere.
Great food and excellent service.
great service!  great food!  great place!
Weights not re-racked and Dumbbells consistently out of place.  Packed with the exception of 1a-5a.  Not joking!  I still like the place however.
Been coming here a long time very clean and always a good workout!
Always a great location.  Easy in and out and clean.
Nicest mcdonalds i have ever been in
Possibly the worst service of any McDonald's in the city!
You know I did not buy anything over there. They were Nice and helpful
Great prices and variety. Kinda hot, go in the morning
I have been coming here for years, they have the best curry anywhere!
Really really good Thai food.
Never had a bad meal here. Great Thai food!
Guacamole is yummy!!!! :D
Out of this world delicious!
Bland Bland Bland! Service was good but food and drinks (mojito) were bland!!!
Outstanding food! Great service! Super excited for the new Summerlin location!
Fantastic customer service! Try Juan's specialty margarita!
Twice in one week no lettuce for the tacos terrible customer satisfaction! !  :-(
No stars! Two boners down!! This place is terrible and depressing.
The people that work here are slow and complete idiots. They don't care about customer service.
My usual car reccomended this place when my work schedule changed. Super nice folks. Fast and quality work for a great price. It's nice to see people willing to take the time to do the job well.
This is a really cool place. Very clean and the staff are all really nice.
Tried them for the first time. Excellent! Will def be using them again!
The most rude and unwelcoming customer experience ever!!!!
Don't leave home without your patience.  This place is busy.
They don't take reservation. Always first come first serve and there is always a wait. If you have something planned after , be there early !!
Sales person was very knowledgeable and helpful. They have beautiful pieces
Fast great service with good prices We had batteries replace . It was done well
getting a free donut!
Yummy, soft and fresh donughnuts
Wonderful job and fun staff!
Wonderful food. Best chicken Parmesan and lasagna we have had in a long time.
Amazing food!  Amazing staff! Amazing talent and atmosphere! Can't wait to go back!
Very romantic, quality, great service- 2 can share a plate easily- Best bread ever
Love love this place food amazing! Living entertainment! So fun! Must come!!
Great food and service with amazing entertainment!
Very very good! I felt like I was back on Long  Island,NY. Well done MAMA!
Very friendly, very clean, and very quick! I love "this subway"
If anything I love the csi looking cast in the pharmacy.
Great store Great sale and Excellent Pofessional customer service they ROCK!!!!!
Not too bad just scattered selection.
Billy got me all sorted out with my humidor currently being seasoned. I get to take it home Saturday
Great store... Good selection...
Everything in here is over price. I was looking for pee pads for our dog package of 20 was 30 . Walked out went to Ross had them for 10 dollars for 20.
Happy hour 2-6 mon-fri$3 well drinks $3.50 domestic drafts
Great service!!! I have always had a great experience with this location.
What a great place.  They have the best pizza in town.  Make sure to try this place!
Peppered shrimp is awesome with brown rice and fresh asparagus!
Time for Breakfast :)
Always good service and great food!
Tonight 13:50 minutes to get a drink and I think three people are playing
Can get coffee cake with meal
Great service! Breakfast was tasty and you must try the coffee cake.
One of my favorite breakfast places to come to when in Las Vegas.
A favorite place to start and stop our bike rides! Great coffee... good seating!!
Got my order pretty fast and all the employees were friendly.
Dive bar with a very rude bartender.
The Customer service from the sales clerks is always friendly and helpful.
Great food and service. My family and I go every chance we get.
Great value! The 20inch sub could feed 4 people! Massive.
Sandwiches by this chain is always #BOOM,  but certain serving staff not so much...
They do a great job cutting my 3 year old son's hair. Great with kids!
Delish!!  Great generals chicken, we always order from them.
Delish!!  Great generals chicken, we always order from them.
The baristas are always friendly!
Mark is amazing! He is nice and funny and gives great costumer service!!
terrible work bait and switch what can I say!
Trust the Midas Touch
Quick service to get international drivers license!
aaa/csaa  auto insurance is a defective product .a word from the wise
"We don't have crispy chicken because we are closing in two hours." OMG hahahaha.
The worst Chinese food I've ever had don't waste your time or money
Always have stuff in there for way cheaper than you could get it somewhere else!!!!
Being a former employee I will never step foot in the establishment again.
I've stayed in enough off-the-strip casinos so you'd think I'd remember to not get a room on the first floor ... The smell of smoke is horrendous!
I came for the Con Funk Shun concert and I loved it!
Top notch. Good food. Cold beers. Went there after work and had a good time
I love this place, very friendly service!
I don't know about the night crew.
Take for ever to be attended .... Not that friendly... Not recommended
Real NY style pizza by way of Bay Ridge , Brooklyn.  You can't go wrong in this one
Well what can I say! Really good pizza!!
Upgraded to a suite...sweet!
Worst Valet service in the whole valley.
Just got here...ill be back to tell you all about it...
They're clearing out a lot of stuff so the store is rather empty. New stuff comes mid March
The service is really good, they're on top of it. The menu selection is huge and breakfast is served all day. My favorite is the pot of bread and the constant new flavors. For instance, they have eggnog pot of bread for the Holidays and its divine!
There is a basket of Juicy Fruit and Big Red Stick gums at the hostess counter
Great food and service!
I got the corned beef hash, it was good...
Coffee and pot of bread great....service is bad!!!
Excellent food. Good size portions. Friendly staff. Gotta love it!
Our new bfast hangout
Jessie is the best bartender ever
Love that the company is adding  more organic options.
Great food, busy busy place. Good service
Bad customer service from this location. Server forgot the rice and sauces...
The usual at any Home Depot..... When u need help no one is around to help lol.
Great customer service.  Always get you in and out as quickly as possible.
Great price, great service, and very quick and efficient!
Service is excellent. Will recommend to everyone.
Service was worse than bad
Great power hour on Saturday!!! They have Guinness on draft. Yessssss!
Had a great second visit! We even got a room with a beautiful fish tank!
We ordered two things in the beginning that still haven't come yet & people have ordered water and it still hasn't arrived. They only gave us two menus when there were five of us in the beginning and there were a full stack of them at the front. I asked for a menu and had to wait 20 minutes for it and had to ask three different people for it and another one twice.
Great sushi.....cute atmosphere! Fresh food! A must try!
The service was really great. Food great as well.
I love the lunch special best. Just need 9.99. Red dragon is very delicious .
Coming here before Christmas happy holiday* Nick is nice and did my Nails perfect :)
Was very clean and had a great staff and amazing prices ! Found my new nail spot !
Friendly service, clean place, always helpfull
Fast service at the pick up, delicious pizza and wings.
Very nice place and the pastor is very funny..
These guys are fucking amazing.  Best attorneys ever.
Honestly can't go wrong with anything on the brunch menu
Awesome service !! Appetizers are A1
In the grand scheme of fast food all I have to say is not bad not bad at all
Hanna is awesome! Very friendly people and great service!
A lot cheaper than Ted Weins across the street. Service is friendly lobby is clean.
Fast service and cheap prices!! Will come here again
Got car back right away. Clean waiting area. Stormy are amazing. Chevy is also great!
We take all of our cars here. There always very friendly and do a fantastic job!!
Excellent customer service and amazing techs! Definitely recommend!
Pretty good pizza with a decent staff. They usually don't dissapoint.
Dave the bartender is the man. Great guy. Great service.
Fastest pharmacy staff!!
Really good price for sashimi and sushi.Worth to give it a try.
I won't go anywhere else. This place is the best bar none.
Awesome deal and quick delivery.  They have a good selection that fit every budget.
Best pedicure ever! Try the cucumber pedicure with Wendy!
If you want to wait in line forever. This is the place to be.
Best amusement park on the history of amusement parks to be honest
East Brunch! The food was amazing!!
When you sit out side it smells like poop. Smh I would never come back again.
Too expensive for such mediocre food!
Some have knocked the service here but on our visit the staff bent over backwards for us
Improv in the basement!
Best Chicago-style pizza in town
Best stuffed pizza ever.
Great coffee and friendly staff!
It features a retro style internet connection and a playlist of annoying pop songs.
Get here early & grab a beer or glass of wine then u wait :)
Good, not great. And damn expensive
Good pizza. Will return. The service was really good.
One of the best pizzas I have ever had. And I'm from the east coast.
Chicken Marsala was awesome. Entire meal and experience was exquisite!
Reserve the pool area for 35 guests early in the year
Great food in the hood
Omg. What a fantastic place!!!!The roasted almond sauce is out of this world.
Amazing place mac n cheese,pudding burger and coffees are to die for. Good vibes and very relaxed place.
Cool ambiance and the quiche was really good! The coffee cake was a little dry.
Great coffee! Just a little hard to find but glad we did
Very chill, good coffee, friendly service and fast! Definitely will be returning
Best coffee I've ever had. Love the staff and the atmosphere
Had the iced caramel latte and it tasted too milky..was not impressed.
Awesome drinks with a great view
Excellent Mexican food
Food was good, staff was nice.  Margarita was mediocre.
No good service. And good was not good and house margarita was nasty
This place is gross! I will never come here again! Not authentic!
It was just ok. Not worth all the hype. Order took a while. Food was eh.
Best food in the valley! You must like spicy food. Service is great!
Best Mexican restaurant in mesa! Good service delicious food and love the spice!
food is spicy and has loads of flavor will come back again
Great food and awesome atmosphere! The staff is really nice.
Best Mai tai in Arizona. The food is great, service is spectacular.
Leap of faith drink is amazing!! As was our server Brandon!
Amazing service, amazing atmosphere and AMAZING food.
John our server was the bestA hit all aroundBirthday fun day!
ALWAYS great service with Miro and yummy food!  We love it here!!!
Great coffee and expresso. Food is brunch and very good. Try quiche, potatoes, tuna sandwich awesome. Say a 4 for basic brunch food and drinks.
Delicious. Quick and friendly. Did I mention delicious.
Great atmosphere and great food!
AAA DISCOUNTS  saved some money...
A smoker's delight.  The suite smells like an ashtray and the HVAC blows second hand smoke in my room.
Worst fucking valet line ever. Even with a sign the lane is apparently "not for valet". I see no valet drivers either even though the security guy told me valet is still open!
Not my favorite place in Vegas...
Awful service, total dump, avoid this place and all employees should be fired.
Comfy beds, nicely cleaned, big room and big tub. Very cheap on groupon.
The worst hotel and casino
Best Thai in Las Vegas
Fried prawns and pad see ew all the way!
only dinner reservations no lunch reservations
This is the best Thai food , the dishes where excellent, worth the trip
Great food!  My stomach was very happy and I couldn't stop eating.
Muy buen restaurante, les recomiendo la sopa de coco y el sea bass con noodles.
"Most Important Restaurants of 2013"
Best Thai food EVER! Great service, beyond delectable food at affordable prices. Service was impeccable, even though the place was packed! I would highly recommend Lotus of Siam when in Vegas.
Love this place!!!  Great curry!
Duck, pork, beef, chicken you can't go wrong!
THe best.  Period!  No comparison.  Everything on the entire menu is amazing.
Excellent food!! Great atmosphere!! Loved it all!!
Best Thai food I ever had. Will go back again for sure
Not bad but not great. Excellent wine selections
Great food. Worth the wait so plan in advance.
Crispy Duck is really good!
Service is not good it was crowded loud few dronk patrons not good atmosphere.
What a nice place , amazing food ! Im giving you guys 5 star for everything
Fun place good sushi tapenyaki. Was awesome
Good spot..mixed crowd..music is great! I stumbled in here on a Sunday n the party still went till at least 5 am..I liked the place!
Top notch from the service to the ambiance. Order anything, it's all good!
Amazing Sunday Brunch! Food and service were outstanding!
Good service, good view and good quality. I recommend the place.
Happy hour menu daily from 2 - 6.
Need more outlets to charge phones
Ahhhhmazing Best pork chop dinner ever Corn bread melts in your mouth
Famous chefs put their names on restaurants, start them up and then you never see them again unless a TV crew is on location
Mmmm, big fat dripping burgers...
Not worth the price. Kobe beef should be seasoned better
Avoid the Veggie Burger
Great burgers , build your own has great options.  Service was great as well.
Get an egg on it.  Yummy.  That it's all.
Really good place to eat at the Mandalay Bay. Service is excellent, food is amazing.
It's ok. There are definitely better burgers out there
Awesome burgers!Awesome drinks !! Casual place
Lean with it rock with it. The seats are so comfortable! Clean nice theatre
Vegas. Com ticket discount !!
Drink before coming to the theater, drinks are $16 each!
Lunch menu is reasonably priced and super flavorful. Pleasantly surprised by the chicken skewer. Mesa burger, pork sandwich, swordfish sandwich, and shrimp taco are all yum. Even complimentary bread basket is really good.
im giving this place 5 stars bc bobby flay
Good food but so expensive comparing For the food they serve
Food is very good. Everything is clean and the service is spot on.
Corn soup - oh my yum. And I really liked the chile relleno. Say yes to the Margarita and the bread!
Delicious appetizers! Try the ahi nachos with mango habenero dressing.
Food and service was 5 Stars!
Some of the staff is courteous, some is not. Food is only OK.
Good and service was excellent. Top notch all the way around.
Very good, creative dishes. Twist on some classics.
Very pricy steak but very tasty. Large portions so you can definitely share.
They're lucky the beer is good because the service SUCKS!
Never had a bad meal.  My family & I love this place.  Great selection of beer too
Personal favorites: Tex Mex. OmeletteMorning After
I suggest the hot sausage!!
I'm a Philly Pats and Genos guy but when in Pitt nothing beat Primantis Bros
The experience is amazing!
Cool place ! Enjoyed sushi! Definitely coming back
Delicious! Try one of the specials.. Also good is the buffet
I've been eating Ru Sans since 95' in Atlanta, solid and great food!
Horrible service, my order came out 45 minutes after everyone else I went with.
Weekend mornings, legit Dim Sum!
The special Pho is not really special.
Excellent food and service every time!
My first time and it was GREAT!!!  The atmosphere... The PHO.... DELICIOUS!!!
Yum, yum, yum!!!!! Love this places burgers!!
Try the melting pot burger!
Solid burgers and good cheese curds.  Better than expected.
Where my heart lives. So much to offer. Such a wonderful place to grow up.
Great beer cheese dip.
I miss Paul. Cool guy. Sang Sinatra songs if you asked him to. RIP.
Unique, quirky atmosphere. Laid-back vibes. Good place to relax.
Hot Butter Rum!  That was my drink & it was wonderful!
Good burger, slow service. It's a nice perk being close to the laundromat.
Huge portion of breakfast/brunch to start a day. Scrambled eggs are my favorite.
Best breakfast place in The World...love it!
Pretty nice for a free zoo!
Wonderful food, great service, reasonable pricing. A perfect 10
The management is terrible!
$6 movies before noon
Open till late on Saturday. Happening on weekends
Applitinis will mess you up, ask me how
One of then worse customer service experiences of my life.
Great food and great service. Happy employees make the customers happy. Keep it up.
One of our regular spots! Try the Picasso sald
There is almost always parking in the underground garage by Barneys!  Shade and easy spot finding in an otherwise busy area!
A wide variety of stores to choose from! Nice to look around and spend some time.
way overpriced and super slow!!!!!!! we will never return!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No gluten free menu & a little overpriced... My friends son loved the environment.
Clean Huge rooms off the strip! Great breakfast buffet and price
Whoo hoo. Suite upgrade!
Everything was perfect. I little far from the strip but great rooms.
Tight Slots. Ghetto clientele. Their player club is stingy as well.
The view 50 floor 701 breath taking
Make sure to see the fountain show
Bellagio never disappoints. My room is freshly remodeled. Great view.
Love the hotel and conservatory for photo ops.
blah. so bad. So bad so corporate bad bad bad
Nice and friendly atmosphere great for people with children.
Loved this place and the vibe
I won at this casino. Yay!!!
Get the upgrade and stay in a non-smoking spa room!
Customer Service was Very Poor at the Buffet and The security was rude.
Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.
Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.
AMAZING how all the staff here speak fluent French!!!!
The closest you can get to Paris, France in the states if you're unable to make it to Europe.
I'm japaneeeeesey fosheeeeezy!
Simply amazing best ever!!!
Love this casino/hotel. Nice and simple. good amenities and location.
Check in was easy and fast. Navigating this place (drunk) is insane though!
Hotel 32 a boutique hotel on 32nd floor is so kouch hetter then the rest of the resort
Love that you don't have to go thru the casino to get to your rm!
The rooms were messy, stains on carpet, and open Junction box above Jacuzzi
I made reservations at this with ease and they gave me a great price.
Get redemption from your players card for discounts!!
I would go see this again and again, very funny and over all a really good show!
This was my second time seeing it and well worth it!  Always a good show!
This is my 3rd time seeing zumanity and I have never been disappointed!
At the time of reservation we were told the resort fee is included but it was a different story at check in.
I like the Venetian hotel in Macau more. Though they are patterned to each other.
Superb suite, excellent toiletries, lots of crown moldings and perfect floor plan
Beautiful place! Check out the gondolas.
Must see the Boys II Men show
Not bad not Amazing either... Very basic hotel. Crowd is......
Yummy always so good!! I just hate the wait! ! But would definitely go back.
Shrimp Bruno is super good and the white chocolate bread.
Great happy hour every day from 5-7pm. Half off prime bites like steak burger sliders, lobster sliders, lobster bacon fondue, crab cakes, meatball sliders, flatbread and shrimp. Half off wines by the glass and spirits.
Had luch there and the food/service was very good.
Rofl good lord this place...why did I pay $40 to come here?  :/
Fun place nice girls would recommend to anyone going to vegas
What is with the horrible potpourri smell they are pumping into the casino?  Made me sick. We left after 5 minutes
"Guaranteed" early check-in is a joke! We opted for the $20 early check-in fee, only for them to say the room wasn't available! smh
Make SURE they don't put you in the South Tower unless you want a trash can for a view. You also feel like you are underground. Not my idea of Vegas! This is a maintenance tower w a strange & shady entrance. You can even take the elevator to the basement where service stuff was. It was my first impression of MGM and it wasn't good. However, their customer service gets an A+. They were very accommodating and moved us to the Grand Tower where the entrance is beautiful and we have a decent view now
This is such a beautiful hotel and casino.
Great bang for the buck! I've stayed here several times. No complaints.
Had a fantastic 2 days! Highly recommend staying at MGM Grand
Wait too long to check in and to check out at visa signature desk
Time share scam run run run don't fall for it
This is a clean hotel, but no bathroom ventilations or refrigerator. Go across the street to the Panda Express,  McD's, and Chipolte's.
Class class classic. Awesome hotel. . My opinion best for your buck
Great hotel stayed 2 nights wonderful time very happy with the casino and hotel.
Great place to stay - nice and comfortable pool area with yakusi.
Trip on September 12-14. I had a great experience. No complains at all!
Nice to eat out in the warm weather
In peu de Paris en Vegas...Viva France
Good thing we made a reservation.  Our group got checked in sooo smoothly. It was great breakfast
Hands down ... Best breakfast in Vegas ...
This place has NEVER done me wrong! Best bistro in town.
Ridiculously good! From the skate fish to the escargot. Top notch, top notch!
Great attention to service, excellent food and Gianna was wonderful and kind.
Cassoulet was amazing!
Always our favorite! Great service, great food, and the best view!
Love this place! Great views, great food and great service!
Amazing, everything is amazing.
I went twice in 2 days. This place is a gem. Tre bien!!!!
Best and favorite restaurant at strip! Food is great!
We have eaten breakfast here for years.  They always deliver great food and service.
Always a favorite on our Vegas visits.  Highly recommend lunch in the patio.
The best. Meal. Of my life
Breakfast that suits Las Vegas, yummy and different.
The Conquest! Also, portions are huge. Share.
The best breakfast in Vegas!
You walk in expecting strippers but there aren't any!
They take time on their drinks.. And they are strong
Cool looking spot inside.  Food is good. Price is right!
I am NEVER disappointed with the food and service here!
Great food, good service, will always keep coming back.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. When you come to Vegas do it right,and come to the Peppermill for breakfast. Customer service is Great! Food was fresh and awesome.We had the fresh fruit platter and eggs/hash-browns(shared).This confirmed portions are large. Peppermill allows the 80's continue to live on.....
Just arrived, so far very good service...  ah food arrived!!!
Always a pleasure to dine at Peppermill... The atmosphere as well as the great food!
Food was good and they have a huge portions . Service was great as well .
The best place in Vegas for breakfast. Huge portions for a good price.
Love this casino, too much fun, great customer service.
there service is very bad for checking in,  i will not ever come back here, again
First room wasn't clean second one still dirty
Perfect service which makes the rest irrelevant, see what I did there... ;-).
First night here and saw a roach on the wall. Absolutely disgusting!
Great location, nice staff, updated rooms. Loved the Flamingo.
Look cool and make an entrance when you arrive. #CoolHair
You can't feel the elevators moving sidewards when inebriated
3 hours to retrieve my car from valet!!! Would I come back to this low class hotel again? Absolutely not in my lifetime even if they offer me to stay there for free.
Run down room. Overpriced everything.  Inadequate dining options.
Always a good time and deal! Tower rooms seem the best option in my opinion.
Great place.  Prices are high though...
Left out the window pictures
Great restaurants, spa, salons, and the humongous beach area. Best pools!
Michael Jackson show is here
Pools!! Room!! Nice place! Lots of Fun!! The pools are allot of fun!!
Room is awesome!  Service is excellent.  Dinner at Husong's last night was great.
Room is awesome!  Service is excellent.  Dinner at Husong's last night was great.
Best hotel service and great customer service at the Michael Jackson show!!!
I'm ready for some meat!
Wagyu gold label ftw!
The butternut squash soup is incredible!
Great food, super friendly and attentive staff, great drinks and ambiance.
Amazing food...  Filet was best I have ever had
The only complaint that I have is the noise level. The tables are very close together and I could hear everyone's conversations around us
The appy nachos are huge and amazing. Half chicken half steak :)
they don't do anything for birthdays.
From parking garage... Down to 3... Then up a side elevator to L... Follow signs.. you'll get there...
Foie gras is a must have. It's so good and so legal.
This place has the best bread pudding and raisin roll, they warm them up for you
Fabulous service & food!
Great steak. Ask to sit on the patio so you can watch the fountains during dinner
Was not impressed at all with the food or service.
Very slow service. Need to improve services.
Best food in Vegas. Look no further! Octopus and the Scallops dishes are to die for!
Very good.  Try the lamp chops and beef carpaccio
Jon the bartender is easy on the eyes
Fresh, organic food. Robes optional next to spa!
Exit 41B on the highway
New parking garage is about to open... It's about time!
I like the outlets lots of variety of shops to choose from.
Cool Burberry hat now I can look like a hipster
Another day, another gamblers special
Sorry, $7.77 used to be a deal. It's no longer one.
Food is very decent, can't go wrong,u''ll find something u''ll want
Hmmm....not too sure about this place.  Ordered the steak salad medium rare and they delivered it very well done.  Can they not SEE the difference?
Shhaa boo ya is right! Party in my mouth. Waitstaff very nice and helpful
Yellowtail, eel and salmon were awesome.  Hibachi (yellowtail) jalepeno appetizer was amazing.
Great place .  Great atmosphere.  Great food. Its VEGAS BABY...What is can I say.
When I'm looking for comfort food the Mac and cheese always makes me feel better.. And washes down well with their own light beer yum!!
It's always really great here
The falafel burger was delicious!
It's 89° inside this bar right now
Let's be honest... If you're not an attractive woman go to Pure. They let any woman in no matter how unattractive she is... FAIL!!!
The music is ok. The line outside can be intense at times it really helps to have a promoter to a table.  But if your a 7 diamond member you get to cut the line you get 2 ppl in free and chances are if you charge the remaining ppl in your party to your room if your staying at one of the Harrahs property's such as pure (Cesar's) it will be taken care of
90/ person, unlimited champagne. Order your lobster Benedict via the server, not at the buffet tables. Make a reservation! Even with a reservation it took us 30 mins to be seated, but you can get your champagne start while waiting.
Awesome place as always
excellent food, ambience and service.
Get here around 11:30am and beat the lunch rush.  The place doesn't fill up until after noon.
Great place for sushi n  a good beer!
Fabulous food, great prices and they are open LATE!  How did I not know about this place??!!
FYI, it's bad luck to have chopsticks sticking up in a bowl. Re: Chinese chicken salad
Delicious. Got the delux burger and sweet potato fries
GREAT: 14 beers on tap!NOT GREAT: beer served warm
Rated #1 burger for a reason!!! I love their food!!! Don't miss this place
Burgers are amazing and sushi was great.
Jade chicken with jerk fried rice!
If you Haven't been here, go ASAP. it's a Phoenix staple.
We come here often something different then the same old food
OMG so good! Unbelievable! Machaca was Amazing, the whole meal was. Love it!!
Amazing different fusion food! Loved it!
Absolutely delicious. ..if you love Mexican and Chinese you will love this place!!!!
A Hispanic panda? Duh, you should eat here.#greatfood#redjadechicken
I like the concept and think for $7 you get a very filling, tasty, unique lunch.
I love this place. The jerk chicken burrito and snicker doodle cookies are amazing.
Lemonade tastes bad...food is ok, nothing exceeds my expectation.
The most delicious and wonderful buffet, ever!  And,  I am not a fan of buffet.
Best buffet ever ! And the brunch with all you can drink mimosas ! Mmmmmm yummmm
Buffet here is good. Lots of food. OJ was $15 USD if I recall.
Mistakes have been made! Roads have been traveled! Choices regretted!
Line is very long, but is it worth it?
No break in between breakfast and brunch on weekends. So get here by 9:30 and pay for breakfast and then get brunch food. :) 10 am is cut off for breakfast on weekends
Check Groupon for great 2 for 1 deals. They come up fairly often.
Not the best buffet in Vegas but its cheap and it good.
they have $6 create your own cocktails. To get the most bang for your buck, ask for the liquor and the juice/soda separately.
Don't wait in line. the seats are assigned. just go in with the crowd when the doors open
Student ID card gets you a big discount (35% I think) for up to 4 tickets when u call in to box office.
Best Wisconsin beer-battered cheese curds!
Best breakfast! Love the No. 10! Yum!!
Great food and chic nightclub!
Everything is bomb! Lobster won tons were...bomb! Udon was...bomb! Tempura sweet potato was...bomb!!!!
Club sucks..... They let too many people in and the security sucks.
Since when do they not let big groups into a club? Security guards were so rude !
First time here and the first impression was great!
Nicolas is the best bellhop!
Amazing Fragolina drink with vodka and strawberries
Amazing dinner place.  High end Italian food with the best fish in the world.
Wow! I will drive to Vegas just to eat there. Everything was awesome!
Yum....one of the best Filet I've had. And the Wild mushrooms, are the bomb.
Strong program all around.
One of the best steakhouse in town!
Getting my tomato tart
Delish! But new friend Lisa couldn't finish her sweet one!
Loved this.  Look at the photos!  Crepes were not overly sweet and were very tasty.
They have the best Nutella crape I EVER had ;)
good food prices a little high other than that it's good
Drinking the night away
This was a great show to watch. Excellent water and aerobic performance!
Absolutely amazing. The tickets are expensive but worth it.
Totally worth watching!
Breath taking and amazing show. I've never seen anything like it. A must see.
Incredible performance! A must watch...
One of my least favorite Cirque de Soleil shows! Not worth it...
It was an amazing show and great food and service the people are kind sweet
Food was delicious. A little pricey but worth it.
View was nice but they left the heaters in front of the windows blocking the views.  Can't believe that no one ever complained about that before.
The food, the view, the service and my company. Just superb!!
2 queen beds with a pool view - the room is bigger than the average hotel room and the bathroom is also bigger. It has a separate tub from the stand up shower and the toilet is in a separate room.
Caramel royale macchiato
It reminds me of cheesecake  factory
Very delicious food, very nice staffs, definitely recommend it!
Chefs made the steak half well and half medium-rare
Nice breakfast buffet
That place rocks! I have eaten here many times. Best Shrimp Scampi I ever had.
I had the Chilaquiles and they were superb. Highly recommend them lots of flavor.
Awesome food. Awesome service. Susie Q was the best!
Best breakfast ever!!
Yasssssss. Love this place. Service was nice and food was bomb.com
Good food, fun atmosphere and great staff!
The ribs are delicious and the gumbo soup!
Grilled pork is amazing!
Coffee extremely expensive and horrible taste.
Always a great place. Sliders are amazing and great happy hour drinks and prices.
Your club is bad and you should feel bad.
Best Eggs Benedict in town. Best.
This place is closed due to a fire. They should post that
Voodoo lounge? More like poopoo lounge
Just across from banana republic.
Valet doesn't respond to call downs. Walk your ticket to the valet guy
Come at 4 pm. It costs more because they just switched to dinner, but so much less crowded.
This place is amazing the salad is delicious. Delicious i want more
It's just $10/month. Can't go wrong with that!
Greg the bartender is the best!! If you stop In make sure you look for him!!
Consistently good, this location has $5 Coppola wines on Tuesday nights. A welcome relief from the $18.oo  9oz pours in their regular wine offering list.
The food was so fresh and delicious!
So delicious!! Best Pizza I've had in Arizona. And the Burrata was amazing.
Some of the best pizza in Phoenix and wonderful ambience too!
I lived in Naples Italy, this takes me right back there!! Awesome
Fun! Great food! First time here, and already anxious to go back!
Meal and service was exceptional
Everything was yummy make sure to save room for the crepes! The Fresca with ice cream is my favorite.
Best Pizza in Phoenix. Period! A++
This is your girl, Aliya Leigh. At FEZ. LOVE IT. My friends are always here. The staff is great and the place is chic.
FEZ burger is very very good.
Love the White pizza with Garlic and Pepp. Amazing pizza. Come Herr when I can.
Not a good place to stay in Vegas!
We just checked in and were upgraded to the junior suite. LOLOLOL this is our view.
The worst place. The worst staff. Stay somewhere else
Amazing customer service! Fast and delicious!
Great place to enjoy great company with great drinks and food
What a joke, 50+ empty tables and its a 30 min wait
This place is a shithole
dinner in Paris... Las Vegas that is :)
This place is a hidden gem
Good food but a little on the expensive side considering the portion size.
Nice! Great Uchi No salad and Casa Blanco maki. Service A plus.
Bring cash and possibly a flashlight (hahha.) Bring kids over 10 years old and up. Too crowded for little ones.
Loved the pinball hall of fame! It's a great time!
Everything you think it will be and more. Enjoy!
Love this place !!!! Go there, bring quarters. Have fun !
Great place, we had a great time! Love all the retro machined. My hubby had a blast!
If you go with a group of friends, all of you do the all you can eat. They won't let you share if you are doing the AYCE and a friend isn't.
Absolutely amazing... Worth every penny!!!
All the best sweets!!! Must stop here
How do you have a highly rated French bakery and can't serve a crepe??
Wow! $103.75 for TWO people?! Cheap! Har har...
Thank goodness it's free!
Best buffet in town, fresh, clean, great service.
Save your appetite for this place, there is a lot of good food!!!!
No choose for veggie lover and seafood lover
too pricey , not a lot of choices
No sleeves. No service. For men. Lame.
Lunch on Wednesday. Too much razzle-dazzle, not enough content.
The best buffet ever! So amazing!
The gelato was great and the crab was easy to eat!
I had a hot mama and portabella mushroom and it was yummy.
Delicious! Friendly service at the bar. Get the cheese and eat platter.
High class Chinese food! :)
Lunch with my hot wife.
Fancy decor, above average Chinese food. Expensive, expected for Wynn.
Authentic Cantonese cuisine and decorated very nicely
This might be the most priciest Friggin meal ....
Big fan. Great food, very pricey but worth every penny.
No credit cards, yoSoups are vegan, get an amazing fougasse to accompany it to make a filling meal.But save room for the awesome vegan baked goods :)
A small cozy space to spend the whole night. Too bad they don't accept any cards...
Loved the service and bartenders! !!
Balcony is ok, recommend lower seats.
My wife and I went and were very entertained!  Great show in all aspects.
We love this show it's a really great show this is our second time seeing it.
Try the Emperor's Cucumberita -  yum!
Best Happy hour 3-7 Mon-Sat
My wife Bridgette and I love this place. Best Happy Hour for sushi in Vegas.
Great food. Easy to get to.  Great service.
All you can eat is the ultimate rip off-and our waiter was so slow, we complained and the manager was a douchebag. Don't go here!!
Sit outside and be prepared to wait!
Vegetarian Menu is pretty awesome!
But the rooms are nice but don't do the timeshare meeting no matter how much they ask or offer. It will ruin your trip.
Valet parking $13 + Self parking $8 = RIP OFF!!!Any purchases must be charged to room or credit card. Internal market is pretty expensive. $13 for. 6 pack of bottles beer. $6 for a pint of ice cream. $4 for ice cream bar. $2 for microwave popcorn.
Rude and unprofessional Hilton shuttle drivers!  Rooms are very cold!!!
Soooooo good the steak was top quality!!!!! filet.mignon amazing!!
Amazing meal. Hefty price.... But when in Vegas...
Excellent service, excellent food, excellent ambience! 5 stars
Don't ever trust THIS location for out of stock item reorders! I was told delivery was tuesday then another friday. Neither had the item I needed and they TOTALLY fail at resolving the problem! HELLOOO How about "Let me check another store for you" THAT'S Customer service satisfaction! FAIL!!
Phantom pre show dinner!
service is ok.  food is just average and not worth the price.
Great Italian food :) has a small banquet room in the back, too.
Can get busy. Make a reservation. Don't be afraid to ask if you don't see it on the menu. The chef can usually whip it up. Love the Chef K Lobster carbonara , chicken parm, Lasgana, bruschetta, tomato soup, and chocolate cake! Also have requested a broccoli, chicken, and garlic pasta. Wonderful!! Big portions. About $1-2 more per meal than your other Italian chains but so worth it!
Don't get the unlimited alcohol unless you like cheap wine and miller light draft. Tipping the bar tender well got us upgraded to the "good wine" which was still pretty cheap stuff
Best meal I ever had at a buffet. Comfortable.
They may offer quantity... But not quality.
Food and deserts were good and service was also attentive.
A bit noisy for dinner but the fried chicken is awesome!
Birthday party for wife. Reservations for 12 @ 6pm...Nope 8 people at 7:30. Hope it gets better....
Delicious burgers. Definitely order medium rare.
Best restaurant and best ambience. ...
Awesome meal, location and atmosphere.
Fantastic /unique cocktails, great views & adornments - just like the Wynn.
Good vibe ,our server was adorable and attentive
food was good. when I was there they have buffet only. I think that's not right.
Don't go to this placeNot even one item is edibleVery bad service
excellent vegetarian food,  an oasis for Indian food in Vegas.
Amazing spicy food with a very friendly staff
The food is outstanding customer service is great excellent value
Great place a real surprise.  Excellent menu.
Love the Dirty Leprechaun it's a must have house shot.
Book your tickets in advance. Great seats all around.
Great show and spectacular performers
This is sooo much better than KA! I love this show so much ive seen it twice!
The nutella croissant is such a treat!!
Food with an artsy twist!
Best whiskey sangria and brie sandwich! !
Nothing like a warm chalice right out of the dishwasher to hold my Stella
Favorite restaurant in the PHX metro area
Best happy hour in town
Really enjoyed the happy hour.  Ate a valley-ho lot of food.  Great drinks too.
7-11 has better pizza and at a better price too
Mediocre food... Lito the guy serving the ice cream was not friendly. :( first visit and last visit.
Has a $9.99 add on for all you can drink beer/wine.
Trying this place for the first time and this place is packed not even McDonald's gets this crazy. The double burger is awesome I was surprised to only see 3 burgers on the menu. There keeping it simple
F*cking love this place every time!Protein style booooi!
This place SUCKS for drive thru on a Saturday it took forever...Dontt come here...
Best fast food burger by far!!!
This burger, fries and shake rocks wherever you are.
Still undecided in how I'll review this. So far the service is by far some of the worst I've ever received. Haven't even eaten yet.
dinner in Paris... -sigh- maybe one day the real thing
Make a reservation through 'Open Table' a day in advance
All you can eat Great Food for a good price.
5 off with foursquare check in at total rewards desk
Sooo yummy and awesome prices.
Tacos al pastor... That's the way to go!!
Great food and service the menu covers a wide variety of taste and flavors
Yes!  Someone does it right in CLT area. Food was great and good prices
Very bad food . Had chicken teriyaki with rice .. So bad I had to trash it
kansas city beef rib.  period.
Good food, especially the green bean casserole, Mac n cheese and BBQ!
I have been waiting since Mon. For accounting to return my phone call it is Thurs. Even escalated it to a manager he still hasn't returned my phone calls! I don't think this is a corporate renaissance!!  Feels like a franchise!  But I need someone to take ownership of this Marriott rewards issue!  Not the first time I have stayed here & always have a billing issue!!!! Never fails!!! **BEWARE****
It was really delicious! The Sichuan beef noodle is just like home made dish!：）
Delicious Pho! Good for the soul after eating all the buffets in Vegas.
Absolutely the best cuisine ever!!!
Quite simple great service great food
Perfect place for yogurt ice cream
Great food, wine, and atmosphere. Inside of MGM hotel. Strongly recommend it.
I had an amazing experience here the food was fantastic and so was the service
Eeh. It's ok. Not for the price. But it won't kill you. Service is on the slow side.
This place has nothing to recommend it.  Bad food, bad coffee, bad service.
Empty tables but won't seat us. went to the food court instead.
Steam room is not working
I had almost forgotten this awesome Library existed!!! :)
Closed due to health code violations
Come here every time I'm in Vegas! If you want to get tipsy, order The Zombie. Be warned not for one person!!!
Grosssssssssssssssssss! Just not good. Grosssssssss and expensive
Very, very good! Combination noodles were amazing as were the potstickers!
Ask for plastic gloved and go crazy.
Great for breakfast or brunch. Very country feel.
Had the Greek omelette and I simply loved it.  Fresh squeezed OJ as well.
Best breakfast in town
Excellent food and service. This place had me smiling all the way home. Great job.
Way to expensive for what you get. Glad I bought a groupon for this place.
Great Hawaiian dinner show, great for all ages , entertaining and energetic .
My favorite!!! Staff is always friendly.
If you like small portions and indifferent service this is your spot.
Anything beef is AWESOME here!!!
Amazing. Everything is amazing. I don't know what else to say
Make sure you get that Palms Club card to save some payola here.
Had lunch here today with the family and a couple of friends. We ordered Chinese food and it took a long time for the entrees to be served. The people that sat after us got their food first.
Service is scanty. Menu limited. Food is okay. Servers are nice enough.
Food is delicious and prices are great. Don't miss this.
Good food but over priced
Service was okay friendly waitress. Food is always delicious. No wait.
SARAH is the best waitress!! Food was great.
"I love the Jambalaya & Cucumber Lemonade here!"
Told 30-35 min and have been waiting over an hour now.. So disappointing
Let's go SHOPPING! ^_^
Great stores an great prices.
This outlet sucks. Old and outdated. My local mall is better than this place.
Best red velvet cupcake ever! The sugar cookies just melt in your mouth.
Permanently closed. :(
Pretty good food, and the beer selection can't be beat!
Great family place 5 meals for under $100 can't beat that!
Love this place. Get the big bowl and a Togo box. It's just as good the second time!
Holy moly! The slices of pie are huge!!!
One sandwich a big as a bud beer bottle very good club sandwich
Quick, simple and large portions!
Worst service. Longest wait . Good burger.
So Ruben, max meat, so wow.Could have used more flavor.
Best pho. Ever. I will be back for sure for sure.
Amazing service and food!
Perfect for a bachelorette party!!!
Worst crack teeth service of my life.
Wow.  This Bookmans feels different from my usual stores.  Neither better nor worse...interestingly different.
Phenomenal steaks and side dishes. Probably the best I've ever had in Vegas.
Slow service, dirty birds all over the patio and average food.
Everything we had was amazing!!!
Everything we had was amazing!!!
Love everything food wise & good vibe
Excellent service, dim sum, & custard-filled desserts!  Open till 10:30 too!
Not the most customer friendly but good food, comes out fast and real good price.
Breakfast buffet: mini donuts!!!!
Short ribs, halibut, monkey bread, beignets, coffee! All amazing
Excellent service and excellent food! Definitely returning soon!
Great place for Brunch Buffet! Highly recommended it!
Bought tickets on line and jumped right ahead...very easy to do and no hassle just the way I like it.
Small and overpriced with midget sharks that are a far cry from the pictures shown on the ads.  It should be free for mandalay bay visitors.
Hella long line for tickets. Buy online if you aren't trying to use some sort of discount or bogo.
Great place to take the kids.  Just dont go at a crowded time.  Nicely laid out.
Nice place to take the kids price isn't too bad.
This place is cool but I really prefer the aquarium in Monterey.
AC ventilation too hot. Cramped space and overpriced with matching photo shoot scam
Bistro cheese sandwich
Excellent service, good food and reasonable prices.
Everything taste great!!
Great food, terrible service.
I love this place great service great movies and great music
Cheap awesome burgers and fries!!!!
See this place before they close it down and move down the street to some polished and soulless location off Scottsdale Road.
Love seeing foreign movies! Best place to see them! Great staff!
This place is crackin' like an egg. Love the chile relleno omelet.
Banana Nut Muffin. Nomnom-erific
I'm ready for brunch now. :)
Damn this banana nut muffin is delicious.
Patio seating is nice, if u dont mind a few flies. Very nice staff so far.
Crystal was the best server!!
I think this place has the best breakfast in town.
Good for family brunch.
Erin was an awesome server. She helped my husband pick his new favorite meal
Food is awesome and our server Chance was awesome!
I love Egg and I and Egg Works. Great food, plenty of choices, nice presentation, mo
Good food. Great service. Our server Chance was the best
Delicious!!  The banana nut muffin is to die for.
Excellent breakfast, excellent service. Veronica was amazing!
Wonderful place ti have breakfast.. Love the skillet menu
Amanda was awesome! Love this place!
Awesome service, Chance rocked it!
Eggcellent! Food is delicious and service from Chance made for a great experience.
Food was excellent but the service by Chance was even better!
Great food and great service from Chance!
Awesome breakfast. Our server was Karla and she was very nice.
Good food, great service
Great service. Request Chance! She rocks!
Great breakfast..not a big long wait...probally were the locals go.....
Awesome breakfast and brunch shop!!!
The breakfast was great Lianna our server was polite and prompt
Great breakfast in Vegas
Amazing! The food was great and the service was awesome! Banana nut muffins!!!!
Eggs Benedict, biscuits and gravy and banana nut muffins...amazing!
Very good menu and service by Jessica outside.
Karla is the greatest!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tips:~ Check-in and get 1 FREE Banana Nut Muffin~ Love the Happy and Unhappy Face on the table. If you need attention, flip to Unhappy face, if you're happy, flip it back to Happy face.~ Write a review on yelp/tripadvisor and mention your server's name and they're one step closer to win a trip for 2 to Disney California to meet Mickey Mouse.
Great service n food! Thanks Ulises!! I will definitely come back when in town
Food was great. Best place for breakfast I've been to in Vegas. Large selection.
Great food and our server Linnea was really nice and helpful!
Tasty and great friendly service by Breeannda!
Always excellent a great value and hidden gem You won't be disappointed
What a terrible show! Not even worth the $12 ticket you can find on Groupon.
Get the mud pie. Best. Dessert. Ever.
Guacamole is bland, needed lots of salt and salsa isn't very good.
3 dollar roll tacos....way over priced. Total rip off. I get it its mill but damn...
You can try almost anything before ordering... Great when you're here for the first time
Make sure you try the jerk rice!
Love Chino Bandido's! Great food that you can't find anywhere else!
Awsome food combinations & the staff was friendly & helpful
Food is awesome !!! Highly recommend it
Awesome food mixtures, good is great and location is very clean.
Really neat facts and items of the testing era.
Educational, and interesting.
Great place for good food. Somewhat pricy. Awesome appetizer mussels.
Pretty nice place honestly nice employees and great service def will be returning
Always pretty solid Chinese food. It's better when eaten in versus take out.
Cute and affordable. Finally an alternative that I actually want to go to!
Nice environment. Free Wi-Fi.
Staff is Great! But that's about it. The Breakfast menu is quite limited, and the Prices, Ouch! For $12 I hoped my Omelette was Guilded in Gold, but wasn't, also Cheese isn't either apparently it's Not added by default, WTF? One if many reasons why, as a Local, we avoid The Strip, hell LVH isn't even on the Strip but has the audacity to Charge Strip Prices!
This place is great! I had prime rib yummm plus great service. I'm a big fan now.
Had the BESSSSSSST BBQ ever.....can't wait to come back again!
Happy hour 50% off and cold beer, near the hotel
A must go to place when in town. Best BBQ EVER!
Great bbq. Cool place.  Nice patioRibs, chicken, brisket are all really good
Honestly not the best bbq I've had famous Dave's best ribs and Rudy's best brisket
Fabulous service and food. A must if you're visiting the area.
Absolutely delicious food consistently and great BBQ! Decent service.
Had to be the 1000 review for this. It's delicious!
The "regular sauce" is sweeter than catch-up with just a little more sophistication.  The spicy sauce tasted more like corn syrup mixed with hot sauce.  However the Carolina sauce was a genuine flavorful masterpiece.
Not impressed, overpriced and not all that good. Pulled pork was dry and small.
I'm so excited Sun Penang now offers Shabu Shabu hot pot! The broth and dipping sauce was amazing and the veggies were all fresh.
Great local place with awesome happy hour,  great pork green chili mac n cheese.
Habt ihr die verpackte zwiebel ringe ?
Best gay bar! Nice staff and awesome drinks!
Great place. Wish the chicken had more flavor/taste but definitely coming back.
Want to meet the jetset older crowd? Come here.
Sign up for the email list and they send you special offers!
Amazing .good atmosphere.
Best place to eat in Vegas Bar None! Well worth every penny!
Great atmosphere. Service is world-class. Love the Bar. Great people!
Love it! Always great service,  and even better food
OMG love this place Virginia is the best bartender
Loved the BBQ and wings!
Awesome place to eat and awesome food
Vegetarian South Indian Buffet...
Gracious staff, amazing food. Try the chili gobi!
You'll miss breakfast if you're up too late with a 100oz drink from Fat Tuesday.
Great buffet and really good coffee this morning
Ridiculously overpriced
Breakfast was phenomenal! Our waiter was awesome too. I got a skillet.. so good!!
They forgot one of my rolls they took forever. Not impressed!!!
Omg, get in here. It'll change your life :) brunch w champagne, yes please.
On Saturday I want to punch people in the face when here.
excellent food. great atmosphere and great people
Hot Sammy Boy sandwich. Tasty but tiny. Needs some kale or spinach.
Was just served cajun chicken. RAW in the middle! Hopefully I don't get sick.
New menu. Nice choices. I enjoyed the pot roast.
Out to dinner for my fathers b- day with my mother and daughter. The food was good.
Love this place. Great apps and great service.  Always crowded so plan ahead.
Perfect, I simply love it. Try the lamb burger, you'll thank me!
Everything I ate was so rich, and full of an array of flavors! Beyond delicious!
Great environment.   Decent steak.
Had scallops, wife had salmon, shared gnocchi appretizer,, all delish
Great asian style food. Miso salmon is awesome. Tuna salad is also good.
The "live" band was straight cover lip sync trash. Just keep the DJ on.
A decade later, it's just not the same....
Crazy fun- thanks droids band!
We had breakfast here.  It was very good. Server was very nice.
Amazing food. The service has always been great! Good for all times of the day
The best Chinese Food in Las Vegas, no other restaurant comes remotely close.
Great dim sum place. Why not for vegas? lol.
Yummy dimsum! Love the siu mai, ha gao, beancurd with shrimp & chic feet!
If you're looking for a very good Caesar salad the Julius Caesar and Oregano's makes is king. Now I'm a big guy that can put away a lot of food but I can't finish the large's Julius Cesar salad. It is that large but it's so good. I recommended anybody that is a salad lover
Great food and excellent service, the mushroom ravioli was amazing!!
Great little neighborhood cafe. Recommend it for breakfast.
Had a double espresso.  It was prepared as it should be and I enjoyed it.
Great coffee Great placeGreat mugsAwesome service
Everything was excellent!!! You can't go wrong no matter what you order.
Would not recommend. Food was mediocre and service was not great.
Nice short hike. Very rocky, uneven surface. Pretty sure half of Phoenix is on the trail with us!
I loved this hike! Was way more than I bargained for but worth every step!
Ride the Mechanical bull I dare you
Jesus the meat and cheese and deep fried greatness here is beyond measure.
This place is a lot of fun to shop at. Find anything and everything. Very nice.
First time here. Came to meet felicia day. Pretty nice store.
I love their BBQ is bomb.com. I would recommend this spot to anyone.
$6.99 breakfast from 7-10 m-f
See if we can get our money worth. Lol.
Great hidden secret off the beatin path in downtown.
If you're going to order anything be sure to order the pot roast. It is absolutely to die for.
Lily Barajas is an awesome manager!! Just remember it takes time for the great food
It's ok.  I get a bunch of small items!  The service is IMPECCABLE though!
We love this restaurant, we come here whenever we are downtown.
Always excellent service and even better food. We love this place. A real gem.
Dinner and a show combo. Probably worth it!
Great venue but the security guards were a little too rude for my liking.
Great place to stay in Vegas!
Shucked scallops?!  Soooo good!!!!
Love coming here every time I get to Phoenix.
Great food and excellent service!!!
Amazing food and service. The Carne Adovada is a must try.
Classic! Good wine, food AND they show sports!
Seriously the best enchiladas I've ever had. Best in the valley.
Wasabi crunch sushi roll was very good. Lots of tuna and yummy sauce
Ugh. Good luck getting served in less than 20 minutes. Just...ugh.
Love the Asian food here.
Literally the worst place I've been to in Charlotte. Save your time and money.
This place stinks... I'm definitely not going to be coming to this place again..
I loved the black bean burger.  Its a nice place for lunch or late night snack.
99 cents chicken tacos on Wednesdays
Try their butterfish special. Watch out for the small bones. Other than that it's very tender and juicy!
Love the oxtail stew on Friday!
Was not impressed by their breakfast buffet...
Very unhelpful for the handicap
Awesome place!! Huge!! Great setup and gigantic screens!! Had a fantastic time!!
Service is always very good!  Great margaritas!  Staff is friendly and helpful!
Service was great just stopped in for a drink and some Tuesday tacos.
Perfect watering hole.   Great food and drinks...
Good service, well poured drinks, awesome sweet potato fries.
The tvs were way too loud to have a conversation. The food was pretty good.
Looks like a great spot ...
Chloe is a friendly, cute server!! :)
mmm yummy cheesecake and yummy food. friendly staff and great options for food.
Great place to rest your feet from shopping and awesome food.
Love this place. Great food and great service. Highly recommend this place.
Try the 'Evelyn's Favorite' pasta - it's vegetarian and extremely tasty.
Fantastic Italian food.
Buonissimo! Grazie mille e ci vediamo in Sicilia!
Salmon burger is pretty good for those pescatarians
Triple the wait time they give you.
Sage Fried Chicken breakfast is amazing!
Outstanding food. Service could use some work. Had a wobbly table.
This place is insane! Gut buster status. Great comfort food that is over the top.
outstanding food and service....i will return soon !!!!
Nothing beats the sage fried chicken. So delicious. I could eat this all the time.
Portions are HUGE! But its nothing special.
Goood service and AMAZING food huuuge portion sizes reasonable prices
The food is amazing. The service was good .
Overall pretty good food. The Benedicts are awesome and a lot of food.
I don't get it. I'm a chicken strips fiend and this was average at best. "Texas toast"=Hawaiian sweet bread. Sweet tea=Lipton w/sugar.
Best chicken fingers in town.
Amazing chicken & great customer service. Reminds me of Zaxbys chicken....
Chicken is always good and the sauce is the bomb!!!Prices are good!!
Spent 20 minutes in the drive through, not good service.
Jennifer, Grace and Glenn were spectacular! Wonderful food, but the staff really made it worth it.
Amazing love the food and the most amazing view I've ever seen in my life
Great food! La mejor in Vegas.
Our steaks were superb, sides were not hot but good. View was AWESOME!
Breathtaking view, dinner was great! Great waiters and staff.
Nice overall set up. Cute interior, and good drinks!
The food was good. It was a little pricey though.
Great deals. Food didn't taste fresh. Kids eat free on Monday. Cheap lunch specials.
Excellent service, excellent food. Loved the baby back ribs and pulled pork.
We went with the Groupon deal. Everything was "okay"...
Food was cooked well...just needs a little bit more seasoning!
Super lecker, stylisch und hervorragender Service
Great vibe, great food.
Burger was decent. Table service in the bar left an awful lot to be desired.
Awesome and creative bagels! Not your ordinary deli place.
Absolutely delicious! This place has never failed me!
Finally found dry Sherry!
Best way to enjoy sunday and reenergized after a long week of work
Best takeout I've had in Charlotte yet.  Wont go anywhere else
IMHO some of the best cue in the valley
Service is always friendly.
Delicious food, and the homemade root beer is not to be missed!
Delicious food!!! Love this place!
The ribs were a little burnt and dry. The pork was good but nothing extraordinary.
Closed until 2/26 for Chinese New Year
Far back corner of the mall/lot. Head for Dragon Court Chinese Restaurant.
This is the best sandwich shop in town, hands down! I go out of my way to come here.
Cash only, awesome bahn-mi and housemade jerky
Great local beer and a talented brewer. The food is well planned and tasty.
Excellent bacon blue burger! Order it!
The best hummus in AZ!!!!!!and the gyros are pretty bomb!!!!
The Friday seafood buffet is worth the wait in line. Great food and amazing service.
This place is awesome... Best breakfast!!!   Everyone should try it!!!
Decent beds, ok rooms.  Sleep and play, basics ok.  Not good at comps.
Great happy hour. The beers are tasty and prices are affordable.
$16.50 if you have a Clark County library card
Cool decor...favorite place for breakfast when we stay at NYNY! Pancakes are great!
Good food here and best prices. Never let you down here
Love this place.  Best sushi in town!  I would recommend trying this place out.
Great price, great service !
Love this place! I really like their shrimp tempura sushi and the Korean BBQ beef :)
Nice place. Large dinning room. And of course great nagiris.
Great food, great prices and friendly courteous staff
Some of the best sushi I've ever had. And I eat a LOT of sushi.
Very accommodating servers
They carry Tito's vodka, so my Texas friends are happy!!
Great atmosphere....good drinks
Group of 8 and had no desire to seat us!!
Good food with nice views. Lol.  Had ribs and Mac and cheese balls. All very good.
Comfortable rooms. Hip and trendy hotel. I love the pool area.
nice hotel. not far from the strip. enjoyed my stay here
Had dinner with family here today. It's good but not for the price.
Was a magical night, David Copperfield put on an amazing show which was nothing less than spectacular. I'd definitely go again
Well worth it. Entertaining, highlight of our trip to Vegas.
Best Mexican food ever,Cheese dip is awesome,great food drinks ect,love it
Excellent fresh food, great prices. The shawerma was very good!
My favorite place to get a gyro. I love the fries and fry sauce. Its really good.
Decent food. Friendly people but nothing special and definitely not authentic...
This place is the bomb. A+ service family owned couldn't ask for better food !
Very helpful staff,  helped us plan exactly what we wanted
Wow Saturday is busy with Glendale Glitters.
Poor at best. Slow service. The sides were dry and flavorless--even the sauerkraut.
The best service ask for "Ryan's" table. Food is fantastic!!
Expensive.   Good croissants.   Marginal service.
I went here on a business trip.  My salad was great but the short rib was dry.
Food was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. The atmosphere was beautiful.
Super trendy Great vibeGood serviceJust overall awesomeAnd great ice cream
Best patio in Scottsdale hands down. Always exceptional service and food.
Best breakfast in Old town Scottsdale! Great price and atmosphere!
Bacon dates Enough said
Mediterranean salad? Yes, yes, yes, and yes. Add shrimp..of course.
Great meal, excellent atmosphere.
Love their tacos! They are very yummy and everyone is friendly here :)
Delicious food with great service.
It's past the game tables and in the middle of the casino. FYI.
Combo Pan Roast FTW!!!
Best soup in town. Hands down.  It is worth waiting even 3 hours for.
Holloman is so amazing! Best chef ever, great spirit and even better food.
Pan Seared Combo with crab, shrimp and lobster is PHENOMENAL!!!
SIMPLY INCREDIBLE! Worth the wait. Great staff very personal.
I travel from LA to Vegas just to eat here. Enough said.
I would rather eat at Roberto's....
The best Pho and dumplings I've had in Pittsburgh  :)
Never disappoints... All their Pho is fantastic. Staff is always great!
I enjoyed the spicy basil noodle dish as well as their chicken stir fried rice.
Excellent bang for the buck. A delicious meal. Fast friendly service.
Was a Thai virgin now a Thai lover.  AWESOME!!!
Food is excellent, and very nice atmosphere.  Waiters are very jubd and polite.
Nice people horrible food! Just go for drinks!
Best Greek food you'll ever eat! You have to try it.
Great food. Great view. Great service.
2nd time was a charm. 1st time was not too great but we give every place a second chance!  Glad we did. Food was great and service was great. Adrienne was our server and she was awesome!
Food was good and same with the service.
One of my favorite Mexican restaurant. Food is always awsome service is always great
Good food. Skip the spring roll and war won ton soup. Satays were great. Service very attentive.
Found this place after long time and got addicted to their food.
Great food, outstanding service and fair prices.
Good thai food in Las Vegas! Love the fried rice with egg!
So disappointed.  Better off going to Taco Bell
My brother took me on a date here we had a wobbly table and small cups.
Nice environment and food!
Reasonably priced food with good service. Felt like a home cooked meal. :)
Jalapeño shooter!! Amazing
Good food, good service, and the nachos are really good.
We stopped there for lunch and ordered the donkey nachos and ceviche. It was overpriced greasy and I had to send the ceviche back after the first bite. It was the worst ceviche I had ever put into my mouth. The staff was nice and the place it's self was very nice with a nice view. If only the food matched the surroundings
The food is absolutely amazing!!! And the the people are great!
Cool place - food was eghhh - might give it a second try - worth a shot
The red velvet is to die for
Mini tiramisu was very tasty! Among the best choices from dessert bar.
My favorite buffet with the unlimited brew beer and wine plus food is alright
Wonderful place! Very good food and GREAT service!
Good all you can eat and drink(including alcohol) place!
It's ok but awful considering the high price
The steamed crab legs were the bomb.
We stayed here on a comp from the hotel players card, and the food here is great.
Staff is very nice. The food was so so. Looked as if it had been sitting out awhile.
Open bar from 10-11pm
Great food, great service and a bit pricey. The creme brûlée is very good!
Best (authentic) Indian food in Phoenix
A reasonably priced honest performance.
Terrible. Had to send everything back and totally mediocre
Can't go wrong with the passion iced tea
Gluten free options. Organically focused.
Call ahead if want something particular, no toffee bars or sliced pie today
Romantic atmosphere. Definitely start with wine and a cheese plate!
Awesome patio, yummy drinks, fantastic food, great experience.
We love this restaurant best restaurant in Summerlin. Service and food were great.
Absolute gem. Best ballpark in the MLB!
Birthday party for my son - first time here pretty impressed so far.
Great food, great prices and the bartender Sandy always makes the meal enjoyable.
Excellent food and service.
No words but fabulous !
If you eat only one expensive meal this year. Make it Flemings. No regrets.
Just ate at Flemings for Valentine's Day and it was amazing!!!
One of my favorite happy hour places. ...love the appetizers.
Nice place for exercise
Stellar service. Amazing Steak.
Not a place to bring a child, they charged full price for a baby that was 2years old. The cashiers was not friendly and couldn't hardly understand English.
Vigazz Burger was DELISH!
Love this place! Great wine selection and good deals on Tuesday!
Probably the best bowl of Posole that I have had In the valley. Very flavorful and best of all, they don't serve you just broth and a bone with bits of meat. It has big chunks if meat and full of flavor. For only 8 bucks... It's amazing
Everything Coca Cola! Coke rules and Pepsi sucks.
we had fun trying the around sampler tray!
Good service, authentic food & quite environment :)
Jasmine tea is a must!
I only tried the mango sticky rice and its AMAZING! Try it
Always good here. Nice and clean good service. Red curry with tofu is very good.
This place was amazing  loved it will be  back amazing  service and food
The steaks we're awesome, but the chicken was dry and chewy!
Outdoor bar great atmosphere solid drinks nice vibe.
Great place to stay for a weekend, quality food and service
BWW has became my go to spot for wings always pretty good!
Food tastes old. Bland food on a Sunday night served with terrible service.
Worse BWW I've ever been too. Food came cold and my appetizers came after main food.
Been waiting here for 20mins for my food
Very sweet people and quick service. We like their shrimp and walnut entree.
Great food - delivery is fast and the food is alway hot.
They don't take reservations but the line moves quickly. Charge it to the room to see if they will comp it based on your play.
Ask for Susanne! She's a bit pricier (one of the master stylists) but is absolutely terrific :)
Very helpful and knowledgeable staff. Always a repeat customer.
Awesome store! Prices are compatible with other local stores..
Great inexpensive way to get up and down the Strip!
Service was great and food delicious
Service was great and food delicious
Portions shrunk and price doubled. No more value here. Eat home it's much better.
This place makes me smile! I can not wait to come back and try more!
I love the food here. Nice change from chain pizza.
My husbands and I favorite place for lunch hands down. Pizza is delicious:)
The pizza and dessert was great! I would suggest this restaurant to anyone.
NOT dog friendly despite having an outdoor seating area and coming up in the results when you search "dog friendly restaurants" on yelp!
Probably the best place in Vegas area for italian style pizza.
Great food! Authentic Mexican!  Been 3-4 times, always very delicious.
Great place to grab a beer and listen to some music.
Family Friday night get away. Love the people. Drinks are on.....
Bobby is a very rude server.
Caesar salad is pre and over dressed
Best place around for martini happy hour. Classy place.
We had a grear dinner and service was great at Hanks!
No. I was not impressed
Good food. And Taco tuesdays always a great option.
just an FYI -- this dump is now closed. yelp should update this or delete the account in general. the new owners drove this place straight into the ground.
Love the store Karma. Awesome place. A lot of space and a lot of walking to do
Going to come here for a week straight while I'm in town visiting !
Best priced studio in town! Wide variety of classes on an extensive schedule.
Best place in Las Vegas . Great people kinda old school but very nice place specially tj Friday . Well I love Orleans lol
This is the only place I go for dim sum in Vegas. I absolutely love it.
Best dimsum! Yea right.
Bartenders here are racist.  And refuse to serve drinks
Signature tastting menu. Heaven.
Dress for the occasion by wearing a jacket and gloves. Also tie your skates really tight. The rink will be as great or as boring as you want to make it.
Nothing to say, just great food, the steak was like a piece of butter
Great customer service, nice shooting range, and love Ladies Shoot Free Tuesdays!
Overcharged and when spoke with manager was told sorry but no refund for overcharge
Don't give them your real phone number when you check in- they will call you after your stay to sell you a timeshare !!
Awesome wings!! Love the food and the service is awesome too! Soo yummy!
Fried pickles!!! I ate a whole basket to myself!
Oooooo i love this place!
I really loved all of their outfits! The owner is great also and very helpful!
Tried A Wreck & Pizza Sandwich. Love the bread and the cheese.
Food was terrific. For $5 you can't eat anywhere like the breakfast here.
Everything was amazing!!!
They need better service for the high prices.
Grossly underrated place!
Not impressed. Slow service mediocre food. Ur in vegas bump up ur game.
We were so happy to find a Shabu Shabu restaurant while on vacation!
This place is amazing!
Awesome beer at low prices $1 off happy hour reg 32 oz beer 8 bucks no wonder everyone loves this place.
I know they are known for their pasties, but the Chicken Tikka Salad is delish!
3 dollar Irish Car Bombs all day everyday
Over rated! Doesn't compare to the pasties of the U.P.
The chicken tikka masala pasty is great. The ambience and every thing is excellent.
Awesome! Few British pubs in the area and this place gets it right!
Meatballs wrapped in bacon!!!  Need I say more?
Great beer, best food around.
Free wifi with purchase of an item. Score!!
Love this store!! Great customer service in every department
easy to get to because it's a quick stop on the highway. it's a good, cheap meal on your way to Utah or elsewhere!
Never been disappointed here at this location. Always on point. :).
Best wings, hands down. If you're just craving wings, Long Wongs is your spot.
Beat prices California rolls and spicy tuna rolls!! Fresh and great to go.
First time here will sure come back soon for their deep fried sushi
Good sushi and great service. Sushi chefs are attentive and quick.
So delicious ... very fresh .
The best all you can eat sushi there is!
Amazing customer service, fast with food, and great hospitality
Service is always great.  Food is hot n fresh. Bacon shrimp  zucchini was the  bomb.
Love the shrimp tempura!!! Great crab sticks and unagi :~)
Very good for AYCE! I love Ono and they haven't let me down on it yet.
Yummy sushi! And it's really inexpensive. Yay!
Fast service, great food. Try the Snow White roll!
Great food and great service!! They make the food really quick too!!! So yummy!!
Great food!! Service was a tad slow but other than that good was excellent.
Extremely slow service.... go elsewhere
It's packing but you can still get in quickly
This place is amazing tastes amazing and great customer service.
Ok this place is amazing. My picky eaters (kids) love it.
Some super good authentic homemade Mexican food
have to say. not very good anymore.what a shame.
bloody mary, Amir, 70 degrees, Kona and v-land!!!! Perfect!!
Lots of space for the dogs to run
Love this park and so does my puppy Lilly.
Don't fill up on the bottomless frys before your meal arrives.
Terrible service took an hour to get a water
Very very slow.  First time here.  Figured I would give it a try since it's a block from my house.  Been waiting 40 minutes for my take out order....still waiting
Get the Thai tea is is sublime
The food was great. The service was excellent and the prices were good.
Wow, red curry with pumpkin is so yummy
Able to do gluten free. Not listed on the menu but just ask. I had the GF Pad Sew Ew and it was delicious.
Awesome Thai food! Kat is the best worker/server there!
15 to 20 minutes of previews and AMC promos before the movie actually starts.
Dark Knight Rises IMAX
Amazing!!! Delish!!!! We love the pizza. Pricey but oh so yummy
Great little dive bar in the heart of old town. Fun and great for smaller groups.
The fish and chips and salad bar were great.The waitress was friendly.
Great meal we had the prime rib and salmon, everything was excellent
Just saw Chef, great movie!
Large multi screen theatre.  Always a good time here.
Just got my first library card in about 10 years... Libraries have changed!
If you want store brand, cheap salsa to go along with the rest of your bland food, this is the place to go!
Great food and large portions!  Always love to eat here!
Very very rude on the phone!! Driving business away!
Chips and hot sauce is great. I always eat too much of it before my meal arrives.
The Downtown Dill is my favorite cocktail!
Great atmosphere and drinks are unique.
Good, original drinks and a decent price. Chill, intimate atmosphere.
Dark atmosphere, very chill. Good, mixed crowd with stellar jukebox.
So amazing!  I feel like i am back in Scotland!   Love Moose Drool!
Yes you can find good items here, but they do not have good customer service
Good Luck with finding a place to park. I highly recommend valet.
Is it so wrong to have an alcoholic frozen drink at 10am?
Placed gets packed quick! Make sure you have reservations!
Excellent pulled pork sandwich! 100% pork -no fat!
Very good food, excellent service...
Great food and service prices r fair. And I would go back
Terrible sushi. We did all you can eat. All the pieces stick to the plate and when picked up they fall apart. AWFUL service! It took me 15 m
Never really got into sushi but this place is off the hook
Playing pickleball here
Cheapest place around during happy hour! You must check it out
Favorite place to get a milk Thai boba tea
So the rate has more than doubled and the content is less.
Good ribs and karaoke nights are so funny !
Use ur M life points here!
The food was delicious and the service was friendly.
Great, interesting food. Great service.
They have the BEST hurricane I've ever tasted. So smooth, so good.
Food was very good and great service.
I had salmon with mushroom rague and my husband had spaghetti, it was awesome!
Never waited more then they tild me to wait food on point everytime
My favorite Indian restaurant. Great food and awesome service.
Great food and atmosphere if you can get past then incredibly rude hostess.
All good! Food, Beer, atmosphere & service.
Nice place....patio seating is refreshing...as always beers here are awesome
On an mission from Jen.
Goin to win mega bucks!
Now that we've moved this has been the go to place for the late night specials.
Great place to be...very friendly staff
Love this place. Love the spa
Boho chic! Love this place!
People are really nice here. I'm glad to checking out this place
Fabulous venue one of the best in downtown Phoenix.
Mary is the king of breakfast
Soooooooo good and so fresh.. Love this place!
Try their apple butter jam. Homemade and very delicious!
Literally the best cinnamon roll I've ever eaten.
This place is very good. My favorite pizza is the Chicago deep dish. Very filling
No Vegas trip is complete without a Bellagio Cocktail. Soooooo Good!!
Love it here! Fun to waste time with cheap drinks and old video blackjack!
Cheap and awesome! Nothing fancy, just down n dirty fat food!
So fantastically delicious!!! Can't recommend enough. No beer on the patio though
So goood! I could eat this every night. :)
Great place! Nice atmosphere and yummy food. Lasagna roll is to die for!!
Good stuff but didn't take my yelp coupon. :(
Perfect job!!! Great sushi and always fresh!!! Great atmosphere!!
Best sushi in town! fresh and tasty. Open until 2:00AM.
Kyle helped me in the end. They need to use their common sense in better way.
Amazing experience, super convenient. Pickup on time, and a great tour.
Had a craving for donburi!
Friendly crew. Pet friendly. Best blended drinks ever. Food food. Yummy desserts!
Usually the coffee is great! Pink macaroons are huge and are the best!!
One of the best cappuccinos in town! Easy. & their drive-thru is open 24/7!
We deeply love this place!
Quirky place. I've had great service and ok service.
Great place to eat...
The best sushi ever!!!!!!
Good breakfast, good looking and comfortable place. Could be cheaper.
One of my faves! Best sushi, great prices!!
Delicious appetizers while you wait 20 for main course.
Love the deep dish, love the thin crust, love the dessert. Cannot go wrong!!!
Pizza was good just wish there crust was a little thinner and crisper
Nice little place with great service.
It's the best white pizza. Anywhere.
Great food! Awesome banana shakes!
Vaca frita de pollo or bistec are delicious. Good rum drinks. Paella really good.
Absolutely delicious! I will definitely be going there again.
Chips come w/ salsa and beans. Dont be deceived - the beans are spicier than the salsa. Mix them on your plate = delish.
Worst place to eat at food is over priced and people work there are rude
Great service.  Good food and great place to watch a game!
Had a good experience. Good food and very nice servers.
Good beer, burgers, and BBQ
Had breakfast at the bistro delicious quiche and French toast.
Hottest JJ staff ever!
Super fast and delightful service. Very clean and accommodating
Good food and great beer selection!!! Definitely stop by for a pint.
Best place to watch a game on sunday, great food, great people, awesome service
Best burgers and fries!  Love the ambience, the servers and of course, the shakes!
Roaches roaches roaches !!! Do not eat here !!
Friendlier than a lot of others :)
Disappointed that this favorite movie location has become overrun by hoodlums. Where you once were able to enjoy a date and a movie you now have to pray that crying infants/children are not present or worse, adults who talk throughout the movie. Although a strong sense of nostalgia endured me, I'm much more willing to patronize the main stream theaters and not deal with the hassle. ESPECIALLY since Tropicana Management is unwilling to do anything about the loud talking MOVIE crashers.
Today isn't my day for for a mani ... This place is THE worst place ever in PHX for a mani ... Like. EVER.
Please move north and give Starbucks some competition!
Decent. Nothing exciting, but decent.
Horrible! Horrible! Horrible!
I love this place! All you can drink bud light!!
On point customer service the food is good ! Nice environment.  Highly recommend
ラスベガスに遊びに来て食べ放題に行ったけど、ネタも美味しかったしお腹一杯になりました。 日曜日から水曜日まではドリンクも飲み放題と聞いたので次回はトライしてみよう！
So much parking *-*  guess everyone is taking a break until new years resolution time
Exactly as expected from an In-N-Out!  Fresh and friendly faces and always busy!
Ok. Not bad. Had better.
Love this gym. Great classes and great environment!
GREAT Popcorn Shrimp Basket!
Love Popeyes which they had more in the Phoenix area !
Great place to hangout and great food
First time here, nice quaint casino...
Great Food and Service!!
Great food and very fast!  Service was great and prices are very fair!
$5 steak and eggs starting at midnight!
The service was kinda slow. But portion sides were huge!!
Good food for a casino breakfast. Good service and fairly cheap
Time for some shopping
Hunger Games with the Fam!!
Totally overpriced a nd over hyped. Much better hotels for cheaper in same area.
Internet connection is based on device NOT room. Can get expensive with a family
Horrible night. No sleep due to locals partying.
Room was great until we saw a scorpion in our room. Seriously?
The honey almond latte is my all time favorite but I'm trying a honey hazelnut today
Love the new place. Only the bathroom doors slam hard and I would fix that asap
Amazing. Trail 44 was wonderful.
My friends and I enjoy hiking the trails. The views are beautiful!
Meh. Won't be going back.
Amazing!!!! Great quality!!!
Best Sashimi & Sushi in town! The people are the greatest and sincere.
Worst customer service..!!
Love everything so far!
Great theme ! Awesome singing ! good Italian food !
Best salsa in charlotte  Huge Sangria. Big portions.
Very nice lunch!The waitress Angie was very nice, I will repeat!
Miss Chicago places like portillos and this place was very similar to that!
It's stupid how good this gelato is.
Jeanie gives a great manicure and pedicure!  I feel totally pampered!
I love the bread, its salted with rosemary flavour, served with the wipped butter. Its definitely the best bread in all The places. I love their filet mignon. The wedge salad is always so fresh and delicious. The french fries, onion rings were very crispy.
Delicious food. Awesome service
Delicious food. Awesome service
These guys, except the mustached guy, are inept.  Within 15 minutes I witnessed 5 order mistakes. They left my sausage in the microwave.
P.F. Stands for Paul Fleming - as in the steak house. Just understand it's a corporate venue.
Free soft serve with every meal!
Tomato mozzarella panini
Good food as always, love the broccoli cheddar soup
I feel like I've stepped into hell. With an appointment!
Food is very good, but service is VERY VERY slow, and not very friendly. The girl running the register clearly doesn't want to be there.
Place is pretty good but found a long piece of hair in my coconut cream pie
Good food, reasonable $$$$, and more important a good staff and mgmt.
Love this place.    Great food, great service and a great atmosphere!
Bad service, bad food. Can't seem to get anything right.
Crispy tacos, enchiladas, chips/salsa, all top notch.
Located inside Palms Casino.
Soooo good! The Mongolian grille is the best!
Cold food, very expensive. Salad wilted. Was of money. Go eat at aria buffet.
Great service, delicious and fresh food and good prices. This place is a real gem!
Yummy breakfast chilaquiles, salsa, bean dip!
Great food, but the service wasn't very attentive.
$16.20 for an adult ticket and parking is roughly $12
Cinema suites! Recliners are the best!
I love this place! Good food! Amazing deals and best of all, free parking!!!!!
Ahi tuna tataki on the happy hour menu is delicious!
Sucks, no staff had to wait when there are 15 tables open
Try the funnel fries. So good! Cozy atmosphere.
Tea beer cheese & chocolate.  Heaven
Coffee and wine :). And cheap good wine! Nice place to chill with friends.
Nice space, good coffee. Can't wait to try the mocha shake!
This place was just ok. Very pricey for the quality
$20 for 1 glass of wine!  Give me a break!
last honost burger chain america! besides dicks in seattle
Love this joint! Friendly staff and delicious food!
$.99 shrimp cocktail tastes really great as a snack and my wallet is enjoying it too!
Dan the sales associate was awesome. He was knowledge and provided great customer service. We left with an action cam!
Little mix up with our reservation (that I made last November!)
The Octavius tower has beautiful rooms. Love the comfortable beds. Very happy here.
Get to the pool early, the good chairs fill up fast
Would not recommend this hotel. The facilities are less than expected given the price and the service is poor.
Always extravagantAlways a pleasureI love the ambiance at this casino/hotel
Got family in town and they love the room they have and the service
Five stars all the way through! I love this property! I'll mos def be back
Always wanted to stay at this casino hotel - finally I did.  I'm in the 1200 sq ft suit  1 bedroom With Mom -
I'm checking in and already this place is horrible
If I can , I will choose 0 star, very bad experience. Would never come here again.
Worst costumer service, old stinky rooms, no service at the pool
One of the better hotels I've ever stayed at.  enjoy the amenities
One of the better hotels I've ever stayed at.  enjoy the amenities
My fav!!!!! Food, rooms, service it's all spectacular!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Small but good time. Younger crowd than moorea. Would be nice if pool was bigger
Good food & great service.
Always fresh here! Love the free birthday meal too!
My tip: don't eat here.
Never go here! They are rude, unprofessional, and over priced!
Took cupcakes and caramel, nut shortbread to party a hit!
Restaurant now closed :-( This was my favorite Pho spot in the SW
Just drove by and saw our favorite Pho place is closed :( they had some of the best food for a great price. Would of been great on this cool weather. Guess we have to look for another place. My family will definitely miss this place. I hope they just relocated somewhere else. There was something wonderful about their seafood pho and their spring rolls!!! The prices were great also very reasonable!
If you're in Tempe or Phoenix I HIGHLY recommend Pita Jungle - one of my favorite restaurants of all time - heathy, tasty & amazing!
We like taking our dogs here but please open earlier during the summer on Sunday's!
Larger than many.  Shade trees, benches,hills.  Overall a good place for dogs!
Still awesome, try the smoothies too!
You can never go wrong with anything off the menu here!!!
Favorite breakfast spot! Denver omelette is my favorite
These people are so great!
The food is really good and the price is reasonable.
The food was so good and cheap, will definitely come again!!
Pittsburgh Restaurant Week
They make really good paninis. Pretty healthy as well if made without cheese.
Get there early during lunchtime
My favorite sports bar on the strip. Love the staff!
Great exhibition of Monet's work.
Massive beer selection.  Chill but attentive bar staff.
Simply the most amazing egg rolls in Phoenix!
Love this place great food great service !! Menu is huge so much to choose from..
Great service and food what more could I say.
Pretty good. My bf loves the lunch menu here.
The juice bar is open 24 hours too!
Best soul food ever! I'm a good critic to the max and this place deserves it's stars
Service was slow. Didn't really care for this place. People there were lame
Bartender skipped through my song on the juke box because it was country. So rude!!!
Some great drunk food! Got the buffalo zone and it was delicious or so I thought?
Caesar salad with New York Strip on top :)
The food was great. However, service was very slow.
Great place to get a bite to eat right off the strip. Foods always on point. .
A good grill with standard fare.  The wings were excellent.  BLT is one of the best.
Great food and great service!
Nice to have a place to eat when visiting Las Vegas. Foods are great
Horrible service!!!! Never coming back here again.
Seem to be good but your nails will break in two weeks time, I'm pissed
Hot Soup for this chilly weather!!! Not the best place, though, but it'll do for now.
Tried this place pretty good. I would come back when I'm visiting Vegas
Best Pho ever! The broth is simply amazing!!! It's addicting :)
Yum!!!!! This place is delicious. I could eat here every day.
Yummy in my tummy! I tried the mushroom soup.....soooo fabulous! The chop salad is my new fav.
Love this fresh food!  Never disappointed with the quality of the food!
Best shrimp tacos anywhere!
So not hot and so not ready!
Always wander through this store but never end up buying much.
Wow, this place is nice.  Very well lit and airy, lots of windows.
Teller at the drive up window was great! Friendly and quick service.
One dollar for four minutes to air up the tires. Wow
Lots of fun shopping here. Great location. Very friendly.  Easy to find.
Yummy! Great prices! Staff is very nice and welcoming!
This place is great! Good, simple, and fast.
My favorite sushi place.
They always take great care of my vehicle as if I were family!
Nice wal-greens, courteous staff. Has everything you'll need.
Terrible and stinky food. Slow service and horrible experience.
A nice little place with good Italian food at reasonable prices.  Highly recommend.
Steph was a really great help with a rebate deal today.
Been shopping @ Frys for years, the wait @ the pharmacy SUCKS! Thought since the up grade the wait would go down
I love this team and they're all super friendly and so is the doctor you would be in good hands if you pick this office to care for your family
Service is so god damn slow!!!!!!!!!!!!! waited 20 mins. customer service suckxxxxxx
We always come here for our Sushi! Yum!
If you like walking around a store and going back into the parking lot for your cart this is the store for you.
Love me a good burger
Favorite place to stop after hiking Camelback!
Love love love! Everything, down to the service.
Eating here now this place is great super health love it
Great Chai tea and California club soo good!
Love this place!!  The California breakfast club is amazing!!
A cancer free celebration dinner!
Not impressed.  Overpriced for mediocre pizza.
It's a bit now expensive for the amount of drink that you get, but it's a local place I'd support over Starbucks any day.
TWO WORDS: BED BUGSThird word: refund!...at 1 in the morning. Do not stay here.
Great place for fast lunch!!! The buffet is always stocked here! Keep it up!
Miss Andrea is fantastic with the kids (Beasts)! :)
Amazing work and service :) Been going for 5+ years.
Love this salon. They always do a great job and it's always very clean.
Great prices. Very good service. This is where I always go.
Nothing great. Would not go again.
Go here and get Fernando as a waiter. Unbelievable service and amazing carnitas!
Excellent food! Margaritas delicious! Servers very attentive and informative
Love the soup appetizer.. delicious!!
The chicken bandido is so yummy!
Try the "Matt and Traci," delicious!
Always had a great experience with the Fry's and the Wells Fargo!
Very disappointed. They are closed for "reconstruction ".
Great shop with great selections but very rude personnel at this location.
Love this place! Great tasting coffee and friendly service.
I can't find anything here!
Love port of subs. Great subs, that are always fresh!
nice place good ambience.. friendly staff.. recommended for friends
Best wings! Love them. Great place for a game. Service is good, not great but good.
Great family owned place for breakfast and lunch.
Felice was very nice and understood my order. The restaurant was clean.
15 minutes in drive thru and can't even remember ranch for my chicken nuggets. Girl at window was too busy texting to get ranch we asked for 3 times.
Love the cheese enchiladas the sauce is homemade. Good place to eat for a quick bite
Absolutely love my nails by Lee at true touch nails
The fish dishes are always great.   You'll get full of the yummy bread too.
Delicious food and great service!
Can't get enough of this place
Pretty good pizza. Thin crust with lots of toppings.
Amazing. Love the sauce. And those dang canolis!Always come back for more.
Great sandwiches and awesome people!
The do what is needed to keep our cars running.
They are good. Been going back to them for a long time now.
Great prices on gas.  But only 4 fuel pumps. Sometimes there's a wait.
Great prices on gas.  But only 4 fuel pumps. Sometimes there's a wait.
I LOVE this Dentist office. The whole staff is really insync, and really has it together AND all of them are super nice. My son loves Sweet
Great practice! Awesome Dr and staff!
Not good service and didn't try to make me come back. I'll get Genos
Great customer service by the CSR (terminal 4 North) on the graveyard/swing shift! Courteous, kept us updated, and offered refreshing ice cold water! A necessity during 100 degree. Thanks v much! Xx
I use super shuttle a lot.  It's the best way to get to the airport.
Just because these guys have the best Internet and have the pac12 channel.
The worst, the undisputed worst. One star is generous. One to two hour wait times.
Super service. David saved us a ton of money. This is a great store.
Great local coffee house. Their chai with almond milk rocks!
Good fast food for a good price.  I miss the cheesy cheddar burger. Bring it back!
One of the best buffalo chicken sandwiches I've ever had! So so good!
Orange Beef, best thing on the menu
Last time when I was here, I got a wonderful haircut :)
Amanda was great! Very personable and gave me the cut I wanted :)
Love this place! Friendly staff , highly skilled people. Great location !
Quick and precise. Like a laser beam chainsaw. Just what i needed. Friendly and fast
Fast and neat! Friendly staff.
Wouldn't let me 8 year son use their bathroom, will never go here for haircut
Super tasty breakfast, super fast and excellent service. Cool spot and family ran!
Pretty good. The cheap, gritty Mexican food we were looking for
Love this place. Always be prepared to spend a lot but it's so worth it!
Super friendly staff and in a great location for our neighborhood.
It's alright, nothing special.
Loved it! I'll be back every time I am in Coolidge!
Great service and ambiance. Say hi to Margie while you're there!
Love the Pollo fundido!
Awesome food, super fast delivery and friendly staff!  Highly recommend!!
A good spot for pizza on my cheat day!
Dr. Morgan and the entire staff are awesome!
First time here, and was delicious!! Highly recommend the pizza! And salad as well!
Pretty quite.. Cool clothes and selection. Good customer service.
Average location. Only used drive thru. Speed was OK, order was right.
In and out quick and always friendly. They with match coupons with competitors
Great plants, reasonable prices :)
Very convenient location for students that goes to Midwestern University.
Hands-down the best bacon burrito I've ever had in my life.
This place is so fun!!! :)
Excellent nail salon. Professional, friendly, immaculate and accommodating
Favorite pizza place! Pizza is on point and try the cheesy breadsticks!
Excellent staff. Friendly, professional and helpful.
Great place for the $42 priceline price
Always very good food and service  our go to Italian restaurant in Mesa.
Thanks Rachel for help! Very friendly :)
These guys are great !! Been coming here for 13 years!!
Closed... This location is closed as of 7/31
Everyone there is so nice it's a pleasure to go to the dentist!
It's nice that this place is open 24hrs.
Amazing service...friendly Employees... Great selection... relatively low prices...
Tasty. Especially good bread.
Love the variety and great freshness
Above average food, service great, clean, great patio. Will do again.
Great food. One of our favorite places for Mexican food.
Great food. One of our favorite places for Mexican food.
Food is delicious and margaritas are fabulous! Love the midori margaritas!
The chicken tacos are good
Middle of the road. Nothing memorable, nothing especially terrible.
Great service. The Baristas make your drinks perfectly!
Drive thru window staff was very friendly and professional.
Friendly staff, good foold.A bit over priced.not very crowded but noisy.
Breakfast with the honey loves
Very good BBQ especially for fast food. Love the fried okra and the variety of sauces.
Overpriced. Dry pork. Specials don't save much. Tea is good.
So friendly and great service!
I'm a single girl and I felt completely comfortable with the guy who rented me a truck.
Great Store with great employees Like Debbie C.
Pretty much your standard ranch stash.
Great food, great prices!!  Try this place out for an intimate delicious meal!
Love this place! Great service, great people & great prices!!
Highly recommend! Excellent food and excellent wait-staff.
Highly recommend.   Staff is kind and caring.
This is my printer ink source as long as they are around. The staff are so kind and helpful. Would strongly recommend them just for their customer service! The fact that they provide an exceptional product is just icing on the cake.
Check in's averaging 12-15min's unacceptable.  Go to Hertz and pay the extra
It's Panda.  Got exactly what I expected.
Pretty much anything is good, today I decided on the grilled chicken club :)
Very clean and great service. Great place to bring the kids.
Very friendly and they do a great job
They're acai bowls are so amazing
We like it here,it's close to our work and they have reasonable prices
Connie and the gang are AWESOME!!!  Great rates and extremely helpful!!
Worst service ever. Employees were slow as all heck taking their time.
It wouldn't be my first choice... however, it will do in a pinch.
In Mesa no subway puts double cheese on the chicken bacon ranch... I use to work at subway I know this sandwich gets double cheese
Worst service possible
Friendly Barbers.  Everyone welcome.  Shaves & haircuts..
Great service, and newly added nail salon is a huge bonus!
I love this place the lady was so nice and adorable I recommend it
Nice place, nice staff. Wait time could be ridiculous at times...
Love taking my girls here! They always do such a great job!
Great location the staff and ice cream are awesome!
It's CFA, what's not to like?!
It's CFA, what's not to like?!
Totally recommend, don't be scared too try it you won't be dissapointed =)
Always enjoy coming here for the best smoothies but since the new owners took over the hours of business are horrible. It seems like every time we try to stop by they are closed. Very disappointing!
Excellent location. Fast friendly. Even honored my punch pass from another store.
Omg beef tongue tacos and chicken mole are amazing!!
Great customer service! Fresh ingredients! If you like subway, this is a good one :)
You must get the loaded bake potatoes soup. Best I've ever had!!
Excellent service and tender steak cooked to perfection.
These guys are the best.  Thanks for the great service.
Super casual place, good food and great service.
Best Mexican food I've ever had!!! Plus service was awesome. Ill definitely go back
love the food and enjoy the service.
This place is terrible save your money go across the street and eat Taco Bell
Great dance studio. Wonderful teachers. Hip-Hop, tap, jazz, ballet, pointe, youth to adult. Even home to the Dancin' Dads.
Very disappointed in the service disorganized
Check out the wal-martians, they are a plenty
This is best subway in the foothills. You are in and out fast and they are nice.
Absolutely gross . The worst experience cheap ass garbage food with no flavor
One I go to when I need my egg McMuffin fix.
Excellent food!  The tom kha soup was some of the best I've had.
This time I got the Philly Cheese Steak pizza.   It was the right decision. Yumm! !!
Normally very fast. Today -- stupid slow!!
Relaxation. Finally!!!!
Asian food so fresh you can hear it meow.
Plenty of choices in meat and salsas. They have barbacoa like that of chihuhua, mexico. One of the only places I know. Delicious!
Excellent customer service. Was even able to get next day service. Preferred method of payment is cash/debit as they charge a credit card fee. However, they aim to keep their prices low so I am okay with that.
Never has fresh fruit and vegetables. ..take notes please more organized and organic
Best Thai food in town. People are very friendly too.
seating limited and felt crowded otherwise red curry chicken was very good.
Thanks JC. Great to meet you. The Groupon Guys. Looking forward to meeting Brett.
Very friendly staff and got me out of there as fast as they could.
Love Barros! In my opinion it's the best pizza and wings in the valley!
All I can say is WOW!!! Excellent  pizza reasonable price,I highly recommend.
Great food, lots of choices, good drinks! Must visit now.
Great food, lots of choices, good drinks! Must visit now.
What a great place!  They took super great care of me
Don't bother, can replace a screw and that's about it.  Waste of time!
Walk-in repair. Fast and friendly. I will return!
Great venue for NASCAR, you can see all the action.
Great service, nice trucks, friendly staff!!
The susan apple pancake is to die for!!
What a charming place!
Yum! Food was good. Too many flies hanging around though, that was annoying.
Great cinnamon rolls,  coffee and green Chile omelet. service is friendly and quick.
The Green Chili Omlette is amazing!
Excellent staff,  felt very comfortable and my 12yo liked it here also.
Love this place! I try to pick up a loaf from them weekly!
Great bakery items, cookies, muffins, scones, breads
The most authentic, delicious, fresh Mexican restaurant in wickenburg!!!
Delicious meal!!!!!great service!!!well worth the detour
Best locksmith around!
Not pleased. Bad service, generic noodles and broth, and steep prices for pho.
Bathroom dirty like a 1980 truck stop
Great techs that are very helpful and knowledgable!
Not the quality I was expecting. Too pricey for plain food. No longer a favorite
Very good food with authentic pupusas
Horrible, horrible, horrible!
Adult pool minimum age is not unforced.
Good drinks. Great food. Great crowd. Amazing bar tenders.
It's small and cozy with tv's on both side walls. I can see it getting crowed very easily.
I love this PPP! It's always clean and the workers are always friendly.
They are absolutely wonderful to work with and they get the job done correctly!
Dear holy awesome gluten free menu!!!
Chocolate Chip Skillet with Coconut Vanilla Ice Cream is great and big enough to share!
Way over priced...I'd rather have DiGiorno
Tom and Glen was amazing! Outstanding work on my red marble countertop.
Absolutely beautiful hike! 8 mile drive off road
Eric is awesome! Really great nails!!
Overrated. Don't go out of your way.
Best Mexican food in Phoenix! Wish they were open on Sunday's!
Pretty darn good food for the money and speed
Yum! I could eat it every day. My favorite is the "special" burro.
Rudest staff ever! Pretty just belittled me :(
Don't come for the service at breakfast time
We run this baby ... ;-)
Very very good pizza!!! We will be back!! Great service, very fast!
It easy to find what you are looking for and the staff was friendly.
Very small parking area!
Stopped in for a wobbly tire, Discount Tire is replacing it under warranty. Nice courteous knowledgeable staff.....
Free soda beverages which is nice
A great place to relax or play.  Great food and very friendly people.
Awesome lunch specials! Many choices with rice, $3.98!
Some damn good Chinese food!!!!
The orange chicken and dried beef chow fun can't be beat.
Authentic food. Great value and friendly service. Highly recommend.
Pizza is always great, love the wings. it's a busy place.
The only thing that could be better is their seating
Best Shrimp Tacos!!! They're so Delicious always one of my favorite Spots!
Great Coffee AND Great personal. I enjoy going to this bethany home starbucks.
Came out and fixed it on the spot
Love this place!!!! Both of our kids come here and they are always very welcoming.
Played for the first there this past weekend and it was AMAZING
Sunday afternoon is the busiest time here!
Love the free samples they give out. Sunday's are the best days for those. Only open till 8 most days though, so get in early!
Leave time for parking & foot traffic!
love this place!!!!!!! I get the black and white frost :) Amazing.
Great service fast and honest very good at answering my dumb questions
Great service thank you Adrian,We drove from Laveen to eat here Great food
The pizza was not that good.  I will give them another try.  My kids love it!!
Very friendly/fast and my dress is perfectly altered!Definitely recommend!!
Make sure to print out a 20% off coupon
Not bad for cardboard.
Taro with boba = a big ass smile!
The gyros are huge and delicious.
Good food, good service! We are here weekly!!!
Yummy!!!great wings and pizza. Prices are very wallet friendly . Customer services rocks!!
The best pizza & wings around.Great menu, good prices and fast service.
Don't come here for good, friendly, welcoming service.
They forgot my order:( but had good zipparitas!!!
CVS is the place for the quick in-n-out items...aka "quickies"
This is my go-to for Mexican.  I love going in and seeing the same faces every time.
Great service. Had a girl named nazaria. But the wait was incredibly long.
Super fast and friendly service. Good soup as well. Mmmmm... Broccoli cheddar
15 customers and only 2 tellers. They never have enough help.
Wonderful dentist!  No pain at all during my 2 fillings. No joke!
Went to Macayo 's order the Baja pizza. Worst ever no longer a fan of there food.
Bad...Can't belive they serve food COLD when it's hot dish.
No soap in the women's restroom....employees must wash their hands?!?
Keep your receipt for gas! A-holes  charge $13 when you bring it back full but don't have receipt!
Less Joking more attentive to Customer service
Had the Butterfinger shake last night great. Going to order supper tonight
Great looking little place the calzone is huge and very good decent  place
Awesome atmosphere!!! Great looking crew, and always an upbeat feeling!
Excellent as always. Fresh food, great service.
By far the best place to your car!    They honest,   Fast and do a great job
Beat body shop in town joe is the best!!
I love this taco shop! The service is always good and the food is great!
Nice course. Challenging enough to make it worth your time but not enough to spoil a good day chasing the little white ball.
My experience , was terrible.
Amazing service! Always friendly, professional, and the delivery is awesome!! Love the organic option and pricing is reasonable with comps.
No food and it is 7:30am! Otherwise I like the airport.
One of the best wings in town hands down.
Not my first time here. Make an appointment, very accommodating and nice folks.
Great Korean in the valley of the sun!
Three of the best therapist in this location are: Brent, Maribel, & Ruby.  My personal favorite is Maribel because of her pressure and slow drag across the muscle.  I'm a tall drink of water and that works best for me.
Horrible service and unorganized. I should have listened to the reviews.
I had a great massage today w-Esau. He was professional, pleasant & thorough!
Worse experience ever!! The staff was very rude and unprofessional.
Love them! Pizza is delicious! Great local spot! Everyone should give them a try!
Every time I've gone in for a slice it's always been fresh and absolutely amazing
Awful the are prejudice, I  was appalled! I am reporting the tot he BBB
Awesome gel manicures!
Good food, nothing fancy. Will go there again
Small, great spot to grab great food! Love getting their breakfast.
Place sucked, go to carolinas.
Loved it here.. very good professionally and very warm feeling being here..
Can't go wrong with panda. Good, friendly, fast service.
Great Food and lots of parking
Suuuuper slow.  Waaaay expensive co-pays.  This place is a joke.
The pharmacy staff is very nice.  I would recommend this pharmacy to everyone
This restaurant had CLOSED. A new Greek restaurant has opened in the same building.
Great sandwiches, salads, coffee and free Ice cream!!
Fantastic patio area.....as long as the weather is good!
I got the a1 peppercorn with chli cheese fries and it's off the hook
Be warned get all quotes in writing.Charged 50$ more than verbal quote.
Got to love a Taco Bell KFC under the same roof. I'd eat here again.
My favorite pizza in the Valley. Locally owned and great food.
Horrible customer service. Place looks old cheap and dirty.
Worst wings ever save your money go to atl wings
Great food and always very polite with the service.
kind and dedicated staff! truly amazing!
Never Again! Horrible customer service!
Hands down the best chinese place in the east valley phoenix area.
The shumai and bbq ribs! And beef and broccoli!
We really like this restaurant. The food is fresh and cooked to your order. Yummy!
Excellent as always.  Had my faves....crispy honey shrimp and lettuce wraps.
I almost lose a shoe every time I stop here, the floors are so sticky.
Horrible pizza and expensive. Not impressed at all.
Horrible pizza and expensive. Not impressed at all.
Great pizza reminds me of home cause I'm from Chicago
Awesome Mexican food, fast service at drive in or sit in and eat...try the new fish tacos, they're great
Taco Tuesday ! 99 cent tacos. Not to bad tacos little dry though.
SO salty. And completely over priced.
Reasonably priced and always friendly.
Open defiantly not closed!  and simply the best; sausage, cheese, crust and sauce.
Good food, excellent service and awesome ice cream
Baked Ziti pizza the best!
Great food, atmosphere and customer service. Will be a regular at this place!
Always great pizza, wings, and garlic knots, along with a friendly staff.
Guy Fiere loves it also!!Antipasti salad and supreme pizza was excellent!!
Best pizza in Gilbert and they have good service.
Everyone is so helpful, caring and nice! Amazing dentist and staff! : )
I really enjoy everyone in Dr Reed's office. Iesha is especially helpful.
Love it! But prices are a little high :/ but great food and service
Best pizza I ever had!!! Better than pizza I had in NY!!!
Pizza was soggy,  sauce is like ketchup and salad was old and nasty.
This place is great! The girls are friendly and knowledgable!
Use it every weekend and they are great!!!
I only get my car washed here. Great service. Hand washed care.
A hand wash only car wash is the only way to go. My favorite local car wash
First time in this family owed restaurant.  Very nice people and the food was great.
The food was excellent will definitely be coming back!!!!!
I love the greek salads.  They are great.
The Salsa is The Best. Great Happy Hour Prices..
Very efficient staff, friendly too. Had up wait for my appointment but that's to be expected of most doctor offices.
The chipotle raspberry turkey on cranberry walnut is great!!
Awesome staff, good people and great boarding.
Amazing Hawaiian pizza!
They're always really nice (:
Quick and friendly service! They also have a lunch buffet from 1130-130
Great service and attention to detail. Not pushy.Erick the service manager Rocks!!!
Best Damn pizza in Vegas I've ever had!
Really delicious pizza. Very warm welcoming environment. Emilio and Anna are awesome
I love this place it's the best!
Best pizza ever. I came back from Calgary Alberta to grab a slice. A must try!
Great food and good service.  Pizza, salad and pasta are all excellent.
Pizza is not all that great!!! Customer service is bad as well
Love love love the doctors and staff!!!
What can I say..I'm addicted  to Starbucks.
False Advertising Yelp Says Closes At 9:00 PM Store Actually Closes At 8:30 PM
Great staff. Very friendly and helpful.
Great staff. Very friendly and helpful.
Great market and love the bath salts! A must go to !
This subway is the best everyone is very nice I love going to that subway
One star tells ya all you need to know
The best breakfast in the west Las Vegas
Best Strawberry Cheesecake in Las Vegas
Their strawberry shortcake is to die for!!
Worst service ever...
Don't bother. Your time will be wasted, literally.
Rachel makes it 5 stars, even on a super crowded n crazy UFC night like tonight!
Closed for business as of now.The whole building is vacant as a matter fact.
Worst experience ever in a restaurant.
Clean hotel and casino. Easy parking. But very hard uncomfortable beds!!! Great showroom to see comedy or music acts.
Bingo is rigged. Machines win 100000 times more than paper.
Awesome customer service and very reasonable.
This place isn't here anymore!
The worst dollar tree to go throughout the area. Worst customer service
Food is good. Not bad for Las Vegas Resort Restaurant. You won't be disappointed
Overpriced,small portions, and bland.  Need I say more?
The only thing better than the food is the service !
Solid fajitas, decent margaritas, good service
The worst Mexican food I have ever had.
Always love the lunch Buffett. The only problem is I eat more than I should!
Good food nice atmosphere. Great Ritas.  And very close to me
I just enjoyed an hour at Ricardo's!! Great food, atmosphere, and wonderful staff!!
Went for breakfast, prices very reasonable, friendly n good food!
Tech was very nice, love the results! Only $25 for a full set!
I'm here all the time great staff love it.
Food was fantastic!.. We had so much to eat! Love my seafood.. Staff was friendly.
Fast service, came here on 6/24/15 at 8:35 fresh and hot food!
Love this office. Dr John is amazing
Awesome sushi!! The chefs are entertaining and we love our waitress
Happiness in the form of a refillable mug.
It's a Subway. Nothing more, nothing less. Nice that it's open 24 hours.
best strip club in vegas.
Amazing food and service!!! Go- you won't be disappointed!
Excellent! The best steak I ever had in Vegas and service is tip top!
Scam scam scam scam......rip off. Dishonest. Sorry job
Scam scam scam scam......rip off. Dishonest. Sorry job
Best UPS Store in Vegas. Always greeted with a smile
Best salon in Vegas!!! Go to see Ross !!!
Very good food BUT super expansive for what you get!!!
Great food, great people friendly, clean place.
The food is great i reAlly liked the hummus
Big booths great for the family
This place has AMAZING FOOD! Their chicken chop salad is to die for!
They moved my whole house 1,700 miles and nothing was broken. Done deal.
Awesome Customer Service Super Friendly No Complaints....
Tried a new car wash. Won't be back they weren't very good.
It's a giant television
Great time! Way better then the strip! Great place to people watch!
Great show with Kansas and Blue Oyster Cult.
Great food , and amazing service I will for sure go back as a repeat customer !
Always great service!! Great food and great prices!!
Great Chinese food at a Great price. Love the Kung pao chicken!
Food is AWESOME!!!  The singer though will put you to sleep!!!!!!!!
First time our delivery kinda sucked
Always clean and courteous. Portions are plentiful. Price is right.
Pizza, garlic knots, and meatballs were good. The taste was unique and excellent.
Always great coffee and great service!
Very nice, clean, and the librarians are super sweet. Thank you for helping. :)
Put me on hold for 3-4 minutes then hang up on me. Awesome
Malia is absolutely amazing she can do miracles (:
Perfection every time!!!
No bueno. I liked the fries but that's about it.
Extremely quick service, good prices, friendly staff!
love this place! the best food & Chris is an attentive and fun bartender.
My daughter loves it here!  The staff is great and super friendly!
Love their spaghetti & meat balls !
Amazing sooooo yummy come here if u love food
Fresh and delicious food!
Best pizza in vegas. Old school deli. Italian family biz. Love this place
Some of the best Italian food I have ever had and amazing Pizza!
Have the best employees out of all the 7-11's in Vegas always happy and amazing
Great customer service.
I am very satisfied with the work that I get from Anna and now her husband Adam.
Super fast lunch service. The sub was great and great.
Terribly slow and incompetent service.
Great, friendly, super fast customer service & they have a drive-thru! (:
She's the korean grandmother you wish you had!!
Great food at a reasonable price.
Some of the best in Las Vegas. With great prices to boot. My Korean mothers fav spot. Nice lunch spot, great banchan too
Cold food  not a good experience. Not to mention pricey.
Nice service n clean place. Open 7 am is really good for busy people.
going out of business!! everything is 50% off!
Fast service and great car wash!
LOVE the turn out of my manicure.  It's the best I've ever had done!!
Food was great, and service was excellent.
Quick check in! Good customer service! And near the strip!
Chese mc griddles are ok, servise very poor!!
Food is excellent, great prices, nice comfortable place, highly recommend it.
Affordable, authentic Armenian  food with generous portions.
Such a great place, food is awesome can go wrong with the combo
Love the big meat platter. The food is very flavorful!
Great help and service. Aaron and Jaime were great.
Amazing gyros and fries!
Excellent selection of character Chucks
amazing staff.! everyone is so helpful.. sales always going on..!
$5 per stair??? REALLY???? That's ridiculous!
This may be my new addiction
Rarely do I leave not finding deals on items I could really use.
Great food! Real authentic. This restaurant has great ambience.
Excellent food and atmosphere!
Huge mall! All the normal
They have more than pizza! Sandwiches / burgers / wings!
Place gets more dumpy every time I stop in.  A shame
Good service Ron is really helpful!
Only 12 minute wait in the drive-thru this time.
Dip your Texas toast in their Cane sauce! YUUUM
Only neg is the exit after events. It's a fiasco. Wait 30-45min after an event for a smoother exit. Also try using the internal roads to get out or drive towards the outside fence for a shorter line out. One other thing, if you use the  parking lot on Harmon st. It might be faster to exit out of the area.
Course is decent. Keep 1 thing in mind this a a par 3 course. Greens are hammered.
Great cigars and drinks. Will definitely come back when in town.
Usual good, quick service. Excellent, super-friendly staff!
Italianisimo... Everything were great ..!
Makes a delicious chocolate martini
Great pizza, great crust, superior service and friendly staff.
The food was ok, nothing special. But the worst part was the service was terrible.
Great food! Fabulous service! Would recommend to anyone
Fast and courteous service. Everyone here was very nice and eager to assist.
These guys are awesome! Great customer service and prices.
Good place to buy or have your tires check. Its fast service and friendly people.
Closes at 3, be sure to get the banana nut muffin!!
Love the ciabatta breakfast sandwich!
My server Amy was the best!  Great service !  She needs a trip to Disneyland! !!!
Rea, thank you for the great service, recommendations and conversation.
Thank you Veronica great service!
Absolutely awful. I wouldn't feed this slop to my dog.
I love the food!! It tastes amazing and very fresh. So glad I found them!!
Worst smog place I've ever been too, service was terrible.
Very good. And not that crazy crowded. We all like this place.
As always, great food and even better service
Great service cute clean place but not good food all the sushi was not good at all .
Very good. And not that crazy crowded. We all like this place.
Very good. And not that crazy crowded. We all like this place.
David shows great customer service!
I ordered 1 pizza online.  It took an hour and arrived cold. No apology,  nothing.
Horrible. Poor service and bad food. Don't waste your time and money.
Roaches...that is all that needs to be said
Love their cold noodle and raw beef. The side dish are fresh and delicious.
The worst BBQ ever seen.
Enjoyed pool. Good Service!
Beautiful paintings. Must see for any age.
Closes at 11pm not Midnight like website says it does!
Great staff. Clean. Organized and high quality. Best tanning salon in the area.
Two other offices in Vegas: North Las Vegas (Craig and Simmons) and Henderson (Eastern south of St Rose parkway)...
Very good food however Mongolia beef really spicy.  They have a drive threw
How is this place a resort? Only good thing was the 24 hour pool.
Customers can't use the bathroom????? We pay your bills!!!!
Affordable and good. Plus u get a free Thai tea with check in. Yum!
Good food . Tom kah soup was great. Will definitely come back .
Off to a great start!  Friendly, on time, fast.  So far, above and beyond service...
The ultimately slowest sbux EVER!!!!!!!
Fast and courteous. Honest about pick up time.
Great place!! I love my nails and toes!! Will come back again!!
Blah. They were kinda rude. Made a fuss that I didn't have appt.   Not coming back.
Super clean the best nail salon in Vegas. I loved my experience here.
Horrible service outside the strip and too slow on the strip to be worthwhile.  An embarrassment to the las Vegas metro area.
Julio did an efficient and thorough job for us. Much thanks!
The manager Matt will help you with anything and is a great guy.
I wouldn't trust anything these guys ever say or did.
Don't get the big girl she dont cut well
Came in for my 2nd time ink cartridge! Highly recommend !!!
Jesse was super nice! He hooked up my battery and everything. Super friendly.
Came to outback with elementary school fiend. He owed me a steak dinner...and no, not from way back then.
1/2 price shakes after 8pm
$25 dollar minimum for credit card
Absolutely terrible-- our entire party was joking at how bad it was.
The name speaks for itself.
One of the best Chinese food places on the North Side. Huge plates and fast.
Excellent customer service Candace was wonderful.
Great food. Nice portions. Amazing chips for you salt lovers.
This place is so inconsistent I stopped going there.
I really like the food here. The place is clean with reasonable prices. Good stuff.
got my conch pierced!! thanks johnny
Love the location! Nice & clean! The staff could be a little bit more nicer when it comes to ppl waiting patiently for their drinks, but other than that - it's great!
My husband comes here to get a haircut and he goes to KENTE, and its always perfect!
our dog chewed up a hose in our washing machine! grrrr
Free wi-fi available while you do the laundry.
Don't waste your time. I searched and search and could not find this place.
Kind've smells like an ashtray in here. The open floor provides no intimacy if you're just here to dine. They don't have the split pea soup like the location on Regatta and I came for the special and they have none left. The waitress is pretty nice, but she hasn't told us her name so I can't mention it at this time. I think I'll go back to the one on Regatta.
Not much waiting if you make an appointment online. Maggie is the best!!!
Service is bad, very overpriced for it's value.
Go play bingo! Didn't think I'd enjoy it but it was so much fun!!
RV PARK, has a separate entrance.WiFi.  Pets cannot be over 35 lbs. NOT for us.
Favorite to go to move theater.
Price was average and the food had no flavor.
Great pizza! Open late and fast delivery! Great coupons, too! :-)
Makeup/Hair/Lash special for $35? What?
This church has changed my life forever grateful for our Pastors
This guy Peter does  not return phone calls very unprofessional
Worst sushi I ever tasted.  Will never go back.
Best Chocolate in Vegas!!!!
Great place love the food they serve!!! Always fresh when I go there
2 out of 10 tellers working on Friday afternoon. Not wise scheduling on management.
Love this store and can't say enough about the owners.
I ordered the Chimichanga chicken by it self with sour cream and guacamole.
La mejor pizza de las vegas
Support your veterans! Loosers!
There is a new manager here, best McDonald's in town since Joyce has been there
Great wings and best place to watch football ! Clean . Nice staff, great giveaways!
Love the breakfast tacos!!! Great beer selection, and amazing bar staff!
The server with a Mohawk was having a hard time tonight.
Great food ordered some seafood fried rice.. and it was great
I love the lettuce wraps! I love the lettuce wraps. Mmmmmmmmmm
So far not impressed with this place. I've spoke to at least 4 people today and most of them with borderline rude, and none of them were able to help me with my inquiry about becoming a new patient. I guess they don't need my business!
Best seafood in the city!
Seafood salad is super good u gotta try it $19 is worth lobster shrimp an crab
Great experience! Highly recommended!
Our last meal in Vegas just right
My favorite restaurant in Vegas!
Excellent food and service from Troy!
constantly busy but the staff is pretty quick with your drinks
Great view! Good lighting! Sets the mood makes you wanna dance!
Happy hour specials from 3-6pm
So so many hidden fees!  Don't believe ticket prices on the website.
Try the Chicken Souvlaki plate!
My favorite greek food restaurant in Las Vegas! They have the best gyro meet in town!
Best Greek in town outside the Strip.
Great place to meet after the sports park
I'm from Chicago and let me tell you that these Gyros sandwich are the best.
Not friendly, tables were dirty. Food was good though...
Favorite greek Resturant in all of Las Vegas, very family oriented quality service
Great service! I highly recommend it!
Love all the staff and dentist -- fantastic job!!
Love Elite Family Dental! I had never really found a dentist I was comfortable with until I had made an appointment with Dr. B. He has a genuine concern for his patients and you can tell his whole staff is the same. Kind, efficient and gentle (which is a super plus for me because I'm a whimp with pain in my mouth). I have been with them for over a year now and will remain with them as long as I can.
Don't expect Strip quality/style buffet. This is a local spot for locals.
3 pumps were out so we had to drive around a couple times.
Coffee is too expensive.
You must try this place ! Loved it
The mango salsa is FABULOUS!!! Pleasant experience!!! GREAT FOOD! Great service!
I had the egg Benedict *** Good*** The service was Okay!!!
Worst Starbuck ever....consistantly!
The service was terrible at this location and the staff was very rude!
Good price, good food!  I love it!
Terrible customer service skills and they skimp out on everything.
Horrible in every way. Worst service I've seen ever! Walked out
Great place to receive your mail. The staff are cheery, efficient & helpful.
Awesome place to get a haircut. Staff very friendly. Great customer service.
The apple cider doughnut are amazing!!!
Food was good, they just forgot to deliver my drink.
Worse experience ever.
Rob is a genius and has helped improve my health tremendously!
Rob the owner is a G. He knows his nutrition and supplements. Great prices too!
Our waitress was awesome and the food great. Terrific vibe!
Best Sandwiches in America.
These guys are great.
Small, cute place! Good food and service was great! Will be returning again soon!
Good food but no delivery soups are awesome padi Thai very good
Still would not recommend this location. Ever.
Quick friendly service.
Marty has cleaned my carpets for tears. Truly a great and caring person.
Max Health is great! I always leave feeling awesome.
Ultimate Variety Show was great!!
Great fish and chips, nice batter not too heavy. The sausage rolls are a must.
Sashimi was not all that fresh. But the service was great!!!
Can't beat their lunch special, great value and lots of food.
Good food, good service, good price!!!
The service wasnt that good... Good place but didnt like the people  working there
Great for serious BBQ cookers. No better place to get supplies. If they don't have it that can usually get it.
This place took care of business for me and my mom when we needed them!
The only employee on duty closed an hour early with no manager available.
Great lunch and service.
This place is still open? Wow. I would've thought it should be closed by now.
Must get Snow Ice here!
Very good boba and flavors. ;) Wish they had a rewards card cause I'm always there!
Quick service and the boba is bomb. I highly suggest.
This place sucks very expensive and crappy job!
Awesome and quick service!
Amazing service!! Friendly staff!! Great experience!!
Extremely dirty place! Don't even think about trying it!
Tacos for $1 after 8!! They are soo good :)
Always a great lunch spot!  The pick-two deal is perfect!
Very good quality... Just wish they opened earlier
Wonderful, friendly staff and of course the best jewelry!
Best Starbucks in Summerlin! Employees are awesome! Always enjoy the atmosphere.
Always very helpful and on point.  Plus they got cute stuff to buy in there.
Slowest most annoying Starbucks ever.
This is CONSISTENTLY the slowest and worst customer service of all the 50+ locations I've been too!!
Warning do not move into this place!!!
Las pupusas were amazing! The staff was great, and the restaurant was very clean.
Always come out of here happy and looking on point. Thanks, Andy!
Good general relaxing casino....outdoor concert venue is great.
Victorys Cafe inside Cannery Hotel & Casino
They are great and work with.  The front desks ladies are awesome! Love this place
Dollar Pizza and two dollar Big Gulp and Big Bite Combo.Enough said.
Wouldn't come to this location... They care more about closing then customer service
Awesome service, awesome atmosphere, great food!  Loved it.
Atmosphere on the back patio was great.
Order the chicken fry rice!!!
Try the fresh fruit slushes
Tons of great items.spicy Crispy fake chiken sandwich and slushes are awesome
The employees here are buying illegal perfume from theives.
My new favorite breakfast place!!!
Fast service! Yummy food!
Gotta hit this place every time we come to Vegas! It's that good.
No waffles, what kind of breakfast place is this?
it was really good & i loved the silver dollar pancakes !!!
My children have been attending for years, I wouldn't take them anywhere else!
My children have been attending for years, I wouldn't take them anywhere else!
I like when stores are in large plazas with plenty of parking. This is one of those plazas with mid-priced stores like Stein Mart. The lot is semi-well lit.
Seems cool so far man.
Jaisha is a must see. She's awesome.
What is it about Sonic that screams "our customer service sucks"?
Awesome service, food and atmosphere!!!
Great service, friendly people and delicious food. Definitely a must try.
There's a taqueria counter inside
Pineapple upside down cheesecake
Good place for lunch. A bit overdone because they are everywhere but consistent.
Had the best tasting salad ..
Hostess suck next time I'll wait in Caesars palace
Good food not great. . The portions seem smaller and prices higher.
9 in. Bobbie is $8.65 including tax.
Super efficient, friendly spot.  Free coffee to boot.
This place is amazing no place can get the salt and pepper pork chops right for me
I LOVE THIS PLACE! The lady is always so sweet and the flor de queso is to die for
6 regular tacos for $4.18!!! What a deal and so good too.
Very good customer service, very thorough!
Stunning, trees, shade, four pools, tennis. Stylish and military discounts.
The staff are very friendly.  I would recommend this place they do an excellent job.
Doctor was nice, took his time and explained everything very well
No kiosks at this rental agency.
It was an amazing experience totally satisfied with service and hospitality.
Outstanding work done by a very friendly staff.
Staff sent me and my daughters on our way bcuz they were busy
Great Mani Pedi with Robert! Brought my friends from out of town.
Love their cheesesteak....................So good....
Got in at 10am was gone by noon with my Mercedes!
They have really fast service and the food is always warm always friendly
Challah Bread, spinach, pumpkin bread as free samples. Come here now!
I love all of the fresh bread. The fact that they give you free samples is a plus!
Great lots of options and clothing and a good location I the Las Vegas area
Did oil change and smog great job
Such a horrible yelper..been coming for awhile now. Great little spot for a good lunch. Don't forget the tempura.
Great food,  made to order, No disappointment here.
Horrible slow service. Lazy , rude workers
This place is now called T & A Nails.
Good customer service. Good price. Carpets look brand new. Will use again. Thanks!
Great store, wonderful things. Reasonably priced and very honest!
They have good prices on lv bags and lots to chose. I will be back in again
This is amazing. Great staffs and food
Sea bass was fantastic.  I typically don't like sauces but it paired perfectly. Creamed corn was awesome. Pass on the creme brûlée.
Try the "Lady Fafa" martini..yuuuummmyy!!
the best fire arms instruction available anywhere!
Place is closed. Just got here. 7/29/15.
Very nice place- good food and good service ..
Very clean, and delicious food! Love it:-)I recommend this place:-))
Delicious food! Homemade curries! Try the green tea buns. Yum.
This was great, more food than I could handle, but I tried anyway.
Holst was so ripped off by John Williams...and I love them both anyway!
Saw sister act from balcony seats. Loved the play.
It is a beautiful place, slightly large for a Broadway musical, but still beautiful.
House keeping is a failure!!!
Great staff beautiful property and check out the resturrant DJT you will enjoy it
Love this hotel. It's classy and clean!
Family and I had a great time with courteous staff members.
Great fresh sushi. Definitely will be coming back.
Awesome sushi spot. Very low key atmosphere.
Amazon food, super friendly staff. Love this place!
Very good food, very nice atmosphere, courteous staff, great location.
Attending the AAEC fund raiser
Best Korean restaurant near campus!clean, delicious, kind
Absolutely delightful!
Try the banana chocolate whip , it's soooooooooo goooooood !!!
Delicious. Friendly service, great food & drinks, and clean!
Kind of hidden behind the Treasure Island coffee shop. Very good food. Some of the better Pho we have tried.
Friday nights are the busiest. Also there are coupons for 3 games that u can get from south point.
We came on Friday around 5pm and they had a lot of lanes closed. Get here early and get a number.
Horrible lanes with lacksadaisical customer service. Try to avoid.
If you like bowling and saving money, then come here.
Great food tonight had 4 different rolls Plenty of food and at a good price
Filet mignon is delish! Big portions! Fun show! Didn't catch the shrimp in the mouth though :(
The daytime is more scary and the night more beautiful
another one of my great finds! just like firefly. delicious!
No AYCE. Overpriced because it is so close to the Strip. $60+ with tip for 2 people.
Take your time and enjoy the experience... Great sake choices too ;D
Sushi is great! Good quality food. Restaurant is nice and clean.
Teriyaki chicken bowl you can't go wrong !
Been here since it first opened..  Still good to this day
The Casino Host put me up in a Fountain view suite on the 50th floor. Spectacular view of the Bellagio Fountains and Caesers Palace.
Terrible service waiting in line for 30 minutes and counting to get another key.
I dont know what happened to my last review but l will post another one here.
Good food. Attentive servers. Better than the one on 75th and Thomas.
Disappointed. As a sneakerhead I was expecting more heat. All I saw was general releases-no size 14, smh. No urban account or Tier 0 stuff?!
It ain't boiling crab but it's the closest we have here in Vegas
Crawfish, crawfish, crawfish.  Theirs nothing better then good fusion!!!
Prepare to get sloppy!
Best seafood restaurant in vegas hands down!!!! End of story. Lol
Loved the place and customer service. Big ups to Jordan, she did her thang
Yummy and delicious seafood. You'll get your hands and possibly your clothes dirty.
It taste great, just wish the shrimp didn't still have the poop in them
This joint is TOO  BOMB.. Get the corn.. hot n juicy sauce in mild..
The service and food were great! And much better than the Hollywood location!
Excellent food I am happy that my son did research and choose this place
I adore the food and the wonderful service.
Always good and always good for you. Consistent.
Relaxing night out with the wife
Was there for work, Mika had excellent customer service.  Over all great place.
Absolutely top notch facilities, grounds, and most of all, fabulous staff!
Hanging with friends on this Christmas eve
Lunch time at my favorite place with my favorite guy
Come with an appetite and a sense of fun.
Amazing. Pastrami was hot and juicy. I ate the whole sandwich. Barely.
The bread was so good! Nice crunch.
They serve meats for u to take home an eat. Also, the prices on sandwiches are very reasonable
Good fresh seafood.Broad selection - they'll make it right in front of you.
Way overpriced for frozen seafood with no seasoning.
Entrance left of canals within Venetian shops on first level, but you walk up to 2nd level. Ask for tables over looking canal.
Beautiful, clean room.
Really delicious lunch and dinner. Good prices and nice people.
Like the place but they need more seating outside
Excellent service. Very helpful when diagnosing my Mac and a really nice store!
If you have $50 credit make sure they take it out before paying. They mislead us and told us that the hotel will reimburse me back. It was not true.
Best restaurant in Urbana. Because of the fried rice! Every fried rice is great here
Food was pretty good but the service was very slow.  Ordering s salad took20 mins
Great food and A+ service. I am definitely coming back again.
Very nice place. Beautiful interior.  Great food and beer! Love this place.
Love this place ! Nice happy hour, great for a group. Excellent food and service!
Always pretty great food. Good service. The steaks are outstanding
AMAZING! The food is to die for and their service is always on point.
Spicy chicken is one of my favorite meals of all time. Love this place.
Jenny is amazing!! I've been going to her for 4 yrs now!
Best place ever!!!! Super friendly and professional
Independent, awesome, friendly, great selection. Done...
...there's just something about this venue...
Great selection and awesome service.
Excellent food fast and nice
Bagels are amazing and fruit platter is so fresh!
They have the best French toast made with challah!
OMG delish! Love love love this place!!!
Omg what can I say the staff owner manger and food was perfect
Food taste worst here... not going back!
Good  Gelato , very very good but they the employees not friendly
Awesome!! Love the gelato..Kids loved it too. Lots of flavors!
Always always always delicious. Great Italian gelato made from cream.
AMAZING!!! Great staff and tasty food!
Great place, fresh food, lots of choices . indoor/outdoor seating. Great food.
Yumm so good and pleasant!
My favorite place in town
Pretty good food and a fun place to come with the kids to let them run around
I know everytime I come here I always enjoy the food and the service.
Always great food and a fun place to go!
Overrated. Food is meh. Expensive for what you get.
Great burger. Don't order the salmon. Good place for families.
Everything is fabulous especially there monsoons!!!
By far my favorite breakfast/coffee stop in the East Valley!
Four of us and everyone gave it a big thumbs up. Prices reasonable too!
Great food, friendly atmosphere, gorgeous waitresses,  and excellent value meals!
Friendly service, great food.  Good sized servings. Fun atmosphere. Good music.
Cindy in take out was soooo helpful and the food is always great!
Ask for the price of beer if you're on a budget. I just bought a $10 Dos Equis. Lame.
Drinks, yes. Breakfast, NO!!
Higher quality chicken at Taco Bell.
Poor waitresses can't come up with enough excuses why the food is sooooo slow
Order was wrong and my burrito tasted like ass
Go anywhere else in this airport for food! Worst food ever. BLAAAAARG
Everything we tried was simply delicious.Interior is as in an imperial palace.
Pushiest sales guy ever. I will go out of my way to never rent from them again.
Not enough buses running that we have to wait in line for 30 minutes !!!
worst bus service ever huge lines 10 minutes by car from the terminal
Quick shuttles. Always on time. Enterprise was very courteous and prompt.
Good food but line to order a meal is always problematic. Can they do better?
Nathan Burton's show was great. Very family friendly and high energy. Glad I saw it.
Amazing Show!!! VIP seats are worth every penny...
Great show for a better price! My children loved it!
This has to be the most boring hotel in all of Vegas. Rooms have a full kitchen but the social aspect is equivalent to Antartica
Wow,  spent $65 for breakfast. Service was poor, food was worst.
Absolutely the best! I can spend hours here.
Loved the food! I had the Pad Thai mmmmmm really good!
Excellent service and amazing Cake! Thank you for accommodating my needs.
Yumyumyumyumyumyum!!!!
Customer service is always helpful and kind. Waaaaay better than Wal-Mart.
The guy with the tattoo arms and the man bun is HOT and so nice. Always helping
Good basic breakfast food. Wait staff was friendly.
Best pizza, service was awesome waiter Ray was very knowledgeable.. huge help!!
Clean and spacious. Good service and good food.
She recommends the Bimbimbap!!
Good food BAD service unless your Korean you might get treated good.
Poor service, okay food, and overpriced
Food taste onolicous / delicious. Nice lady served us very quick.
Donating home made blankets for the Kittys.
Outdoors, cold beer, good burgers, good people watching
Best burger and milkshake I've ever had!
Tasty burgers, super lovely waiter and not expensive.
One of the best burgers in the US and definitely the best sweat potato fries.
Great place for breakfast! A must if in Pittsburgh.
Everytime I visit Pittsburgh I must go here for their hot cakes. Love this place
Good coffee but they are way too slow here.
Friendly, clean, quick service... Good food!
OMG sooo good! I want more!
Mascarpone and fig gelato is heavenly.
Really like coming here. They will make your fav gelato if you ask night before.
Stopped in for a midday snack.  The s'mores cupcake was heavenly.
Try & carpool. The parking sucks
Sometimes slow, but the staff is friendly and the food is fresh!
Great sale today at Dillard!
Great combination of stores!!!  Love it during the holidays
A better choice late night than Cabo Wabo!
I love the feeling that you just came to Grandma's for dinner. The warm smells that greet you at the door are wonderful! The chess  and huge fireplace are a great extra touch.
Super creative adult beverages.
I love Harkins Theaters; they remind me of the way going to the movies used to be!
Dragon Pita Sandwich was really good
The shrimp, grits w/ scrambled egg is winning!
We love Atlanta Bread. The food is fresh and the employees are always nice.
Ummmm.... yummy. Happy to find a little bit of korean food here... :9
Great food....excellent blue plate specials.  Love the meatloaf and the prime rib.
Food is good, atmosphere is good, service is usually terrible
Great food!  Great service!
Almost everything you can think of they might have it here.
Perfect spot for tacos and tequila! The house margaritas are on point!
Always delivers. #lovemesomeJuanJaimes The food is always awesome and fresh.
Really loved the cheese crisp with chicken.   And the salsa bar is great,  too!
Love this hotel the valets ALWAYS remember me and the atmosphere is wonderful
The best steak I have had in years. Cooked to a perfect medium rare.
Only place I go to get Curry Goat...... it's the best in the City!
Love the jerk chicken. Reasonable price. Always satisfies.
Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore
Dirty describe this place well... A shame to Golden Corral chain...
My favorite place in MADISON area for Japanese food !!!Sushi, rolls & sashimi
Delicious place to go to treat yourself!!! Fresh flavorful sushi every time
Chicken wings and cheeseburger meal... Yummmayyyy
The Mongolian Beef is my absolute favorite.
Been coming here since 2006!  Love you Miss Anne!! Andi you are an awesome chef!!
The best breakfast in town!!
We eat here a lot. Love it!!!
Great food, great prices, great people, one of my favorite places to eat.
Speak up if you want a drink before you've dropped $300 in the machines. It's pretty hard to get served. -especially after 10pm, even if its not busy. When you do get your drink, you may want to order a double b/c it's gonna be a short jigger of whatever you ask for.
Another place closed for a while now.
Yummy with healthy Italian/Mediterranean type food.
This is a great show he is very talented he also gives great lottery numbers
1st time here. I hear it's really good! Rtf
My favorite restaurant. Out of this world.
The food is fantastic! I will visit again!
Took too long and wasn't that good.  Smoothie wasn't really mixed.
Quick bite before putt putt with the family
I love it here! The food is always delicious!  Friendly peaceful environment :D
The aguas frescas are really the best thing here. You have to have an early lunch though because they run out way too fast.
Always a good Mexican meal and reasonably priced!
Best Mexican food in the East Valley! Always great service and the food is awesome!
Sliders were great and service matched.
High quality, very well prepared and above average quantity.   Price is right.
Best coffee in pgh. Hands down.
I'm from out of town so we'll see!!!
Lots of places to eat in this complex!
First time here and I will definitely be coming here for all my movies :)
One of the best sushi places I've ever been too
Mon-Thurs is happy hour after_9pm
They definitely need to work on customer service.
Definitely worth the $18 bucks. All u can eat prime rib.
this place has been, and will continue to be a nearly weekly ritual for me.
Great place for a meet up. Great scenery and food!
Love that Asian guy! What a charmer!
Staff here are ALWAYS helpful
$8 for an hour in Vegas. Not worth it, move on, don't do it!
Protein style well-done.....going, going, gone!
Kaylee is the best!!! Great service!This is the best in n out around!
In and out is so good and have always treated me well, great customer service
My favorite In and Out in the entire Valley
Great customer service, great food with fantastic quality.
First time diner. Googled and found the secret menu. Animal style was very good!!
Souvia is a lovely place to have informal tea with friends.
Delicious tea! Awesome employees!
Loved the summer roll, cowboy/cowgirl rolls (spicy!) and the sliders were unique and good!
Good burger, good fries.  Would come back.
Amazing service. Great food excellent price and the vibe is perfect!  A+
It was a good run in place. I would eat here again.
Best place to watch the Bellagio water show
Yummy sushi & great miso soup! Good deals during happy hour! Decor is urban, modern and white.
Not a big fan of the atmosphere and also not the best place to watch the game.
One of the best and most attentive bartenders around.  Justin is the effin man.
Number 36 burrito you can't go wrong
Good food, horrible customer service.
Just went there for the first time.  Service was fast and food was delicious
Loved the orange chicken. Yummy flavor and nice garnishes.
LOVE this place! Great pizza. Great wings. Great service.
Thia is the original shop and serves the best pizza and sauce.
Slowest staff ever. Waited 20 minutes for a pizza.
Excellent combos for lunch
Very good food.  So flavorful and tender.  Eggplant was amazing.
I feel Sahara has one of the best falafel wraps in Phoenix.
Love the mystic spray tan! I never get orange and their staff is very friendly :)
A must for St Patty's day
Good eats, good atmosphere. A bit pricey on the drinks. Nice friendly staff.
Great food, great value, outstanding service!
Fryes is really  good ,Philly stk is sucks , no TASTE ,,, need more salt and gravy .
Everything you could want under 1 roof!
Food is always great and so are the staff.  Nothing but good things to say about it.
Probably the best deli anywhere in Arizona!   :)
Great place! Fun and friendly and worth coming back every week!
My daughter loved it!!!! Can't wait to take her back!!!!
Love this place the coffe cake is so good I always come back for a slice.
Heaven on earth and free slice of bread when you walk in! Yum!
they are really good！！tHave a try！
changed chef. Dishes looks and tastes like this.I took photos.
Pleasantly surprised!
Decent wine, cute place, TERRIBLE service.
The worst service ever!!!
The happy hour is great. Servers are all really nice. Fun time by all!
The lamb mango is one of my favorite dishes ever.
Nice place, good food. Very welcoming..ppl are nice
They always do a great job. Sam is the best!
We eat here a lot and have never had a complaint. My son loves the "flaming cheese"
Best frozen yogurt in town!
Big portions and cheap. Small location expect wait $15 min credit card charge. Pineapple Fried rice, Radna, and Pad Kee Mao wasn't great..
Omg pad kee mau is great here.
Try the potstickers!!!
Good food and Good prices. I had fried rice and shrimp and was very good.
Good inexpensive place great food and great price!
I say, I say goddamn this is the best thai food I've ever had.   Just go eat here.
Hidden gem in China town. My go to Thai place from now on
Love this place. Service is a hit or miss. Food quality is always on par
I love this place....great food and great prices.
This place is really nice to chill and enjoy drinks and food.
Really bad place to eat..
nothing was made right here with our order, not even margarita.
Not happy with my pho!!!
The food was great! The seasoning on the chicken was superb.
First time here and oh my! This is the best gelato place ever!
Best gelato in town, try over 70 diferent flavors,
Great service, definitely recommended!
This place is off the wall amazing!!  Good beer to!!
they now accept credit cards!
Best movie deal in town!
If you're looking for run of the mill Chinese food look no farther!
Seriously best lunch specials ever, I'm in love
That was the best fucking Chinese food I ever had! Highly Recommend
Wonderful! The food was delicious! The servers were all extremely nice!
Great atmosphere, food is pricey as Fuck tho!!
It was fun!! Food was good!!
Hilarious, only at Dicks.5* experience. Good food and drinks.
Brandica is the best server here. Ask for her for a damn, f-ing, good experience!
Best chicken nachos! Make sure you share because the portion is HUGE!
Great food at a decent price! Steak burrito was amazing!
It's the worst Chinese food I have even taste in Las Vegas.        难吃到爆炸。
yummy food for cheap quick delivery only paid $22 dollars wow that great.
Great place for Sunday brunch with the family - they have all of my favorites
Didn't get to play this game but I will definitely be back for it! Looks awesome! #shootemup #master
Great food everytime i went there. Great service, Clean place,
The menu is okay but the food is VERY SALTY.
Always get great service and even better food! Love this place!!!
BE CAREFUL!!! Hot plates will burn your fingers!!!
Hawaiian Bbq & Caribbean Jerk! w/ salt&vinegar chips. nom nom.
Hot sandwiches for $6. Can't be beat
Holiday Turkey sandwich. Best thing ever!!!!
Best sandwiches eveeeeeer!
This establishment is as advertised!
holiday turkey. chipotle chicken and full montagu !!!
Best sandwiches, hands down.
Be patient. The line moves quickly.
One of my favorite parts of Vegas. Great sandwiches.
I love this place great sandwiches.
amazing!!! better than anything. anything.
Good sandwiches and reasonable prices
Popular sandwich place
Join there eclub for a free sandwich.
Ordered the Smoked turkey sandwich (The Earle club) very good!
Super great sandwiches. Tried the original and tuna . Both were delicious.
Earl of Sandwich = Quiznos I have no idea why this is rated so high.
Affordable, Open 24/7 & next to the poker tables...score!!!
The best sandwich!!!amazing bread! Tuna melt and earl sandwich are my favorite
Hawaiian sandwich. Nuff said
Real good sandwiches, great quality & cheap in cost
Chipotle chicken avocado sandwich is  ... Great staff and delicious cupcakes.
What happened to the caribbean jerk chicken???
So bomb! Get the holiday turkey. Their coffee is really good too.
Sandwich fresh! Bread is light.... small but awsome.
Great food and great service!
Awesome place in Vegas. Delicious and cheap!
The red curry chicken is delicious!
Amazing ...order off the menu
Food are ok but they have the best ube boba tho.
Don't sit next to the fountain unless you want to yell your entire meal.
Linguine Ai Frutti Di Mare
Awesome gelato. Awesome pizza and pasta. I like the kiwi and pineapple best.
Saucy. And nearby. Its convenient that it's so close.
The Big Slick Stout is great.
Great beer. Awesome staff. Really good food. Worth going outa your way to check out.
Beer was great! customer service sucked!!!
Green milk tea with boba
Awesome Bobas, crepes and waffles!
If you drink , u need a wristband. Get it at the front counter. Or no booze 4 u!
The taste is great and the service is good. I would like to come again.
Disappointed!  Came here on a Sunday morning at opening time and no one was here
Love the Steak, and when we had a problem with the food (first time in 12 visits) it was taken care of without question. Will be back soon!
Delicious burgers n chix wings
Food is great! Service is AWFUL!!
The food and service where great. Definitely will be returning and recommending
Very poor service today.
Located in the corner of the Luxor Casino & Hotel ... Only bad thing about this place is the $5.00 small fountain drink ... That's way over priced !!
Food not that good, fair price though.
I usually walk over from Mandalay bay for breakfast.Good food, reasonable prices.
The oysters....the shrimp scampi!!!!
Do not get the jambalaya with rice.  Yikes.  That was so bad.
The Staff is friendly. I find great deals. I love using the cartwheel app combined with the target app :)
Great airport in an equally great little city. Took exactly 10 minutes to get my bag.
If JJ is your only choice of waiter, turn around and leave. He's a total asshole, and can't handle more than one table.
Worst sushi experience in Vegas. Amazed they're still open.
Good sushi , good service. Always consistent quality.
Food was excellent and Ashley1 did a super job with our large indecisive party!
Coffee is okay, the donuts are just okay also. I will not return to this store.
Love this place. Always something new. Changing all the time. Very user friendly.
Read up on Shabu if you aren't familiar with it. It helps to have an idea.
We go here every Monday. I love the food and service. Highly recommended
Love this store! Great products and prices.  Staff is friendly and helpful.
Soup and salad deal is awesome
Food was alright but seems like the portions got a lot smaller
OMG what a great show!! We got great tickets 2x1 at the box office and a awsome view. Even if not a fan you'll love the music and storyline!
Three times I have seen it. It is still UNBELIEVABLE.......
LOVE IT! Second time seeing it! With the kids this time :)
Absolutely loved the show.
Amazing production..All You Need Is Love!!!
Great show!!  Outstanding!!  But not enough cirque.
Dishonest management. Food is greasy and bland. Go to Empire Chinese, instead.
Place is amazing!!! Get the potato tacos.
Was great food and no wait
Never go there the service so bad I will never go kind of like these place so socks
Nice place..good Indian food!
Great service and the BEST iced coffee I've ever had
Awesome food, awesome service!
Pretty good.  Had chicken club and chicken strips.  Fries could have been better
Super yummy food Waiter wad just ok.
Call ahead for reservations!
Dog friendly times ten
Sorry to say this Gordon Biersch is permanently closed as of November 2015.
The Tortas come with a fried egg typically. Be adventurous, and give it a shot even if its later in the day.
Get here before noon. Place fills up quickly.
Great food, great fresh drinks.
Excellent kitchen. Great food. Ample portions. King of the Tortas!
Good food good service  :-) Will go back when I'm craving Indian food.
Amazing. I keep going back for more. I'm in love!
Nothing great to say about this restaurant.. I felt okay with the food
Love the music!!!! Best place to party on the strip. Will definitely be going back.
Marcus the bartender was the shit!!!He took care of us!!!
Amazing sushi. Sit at the bar and ask for Charlie. Great drinks great sushi.
Great food and great service!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Clean, friendly and above all yummy!!!
We got a great deal for our grand room!  Was able to check in super early!  Great service!!!!
Simply beautiful, a real treasure to visit.
Make sure to ask for a room facing the strip.
Came here again in may 2014 and noticed they raised the resort fee
Wonderful property and stay. Professionally managed.
The food is great, And the price is not bad. Good place for lunch with the family.
Once again great food and excellent customer service by Joe Salerno
Food was delicious but the service Christine gave made the experience Great!!
Love this little place. Great place to eat.
Call ahead if your ordering a deep dish. Takes 45 minutes to cook.
Wow, the girls here are cute. If you love cheesy pizza's come on 'ere. :)
Amazing food and great customer service! Best deep dish pizza in town !
Been here several times and never dissapointed!!!!
Wonderful oysters, amazing staff and lovely company.  Will be returning soon!
My favorite place to go!
Overpriced greasy, slimy food with below average service.
Great Environment,  Love the live music.Great Happy hour
I love to go sit at this bar! Also, very yummy food.
Can't go wrong with this place. Best chili burger and chili fries around
A disappointing mediocrity
The italian panini is so delicious! Also it's decently priced! Yum yum yum
Delicious pizza! We order from here about twice a month. It's always good!
So delicious! So expensive!
Overpriced as any LV hotel place, but food is very delicious
Come with lots of friends and ready to dance to old school tunes
worst customer service I experience in a long time. The owner is a jerk.
Great service and great food! Our server's name was Matt and he was exceptional!
Great for kids and adults.  I recommend coming during the week and not the weekend.
Great beer on tap. Excellent service
Good beer and the bartenders are always awesome
First timers should get a sampler
Always delicious with good servers
Decent to above average food, and great beers. Comparable to a 4 Peaks in the East Valley
Service was horrible.
Great beer and food! SanTan's staff are the best in the business. Local first.
Thank God for Cheryl.
Never one bad experience, wish I was there right now. Great craft beer, great food
Lazy and very slow service. Most of them are rude
First impression of food selection = 1 starFirst impression of service = 1 starDON'T EAT HERE! We paid $42 total for 2 dinner
Terrible, only had it because we had a free voucher!
Loved it! Especially the pasta buffet and the desserts!!
Amazing food!! Very pricey but worth it. Great cocktails too.
Pure deliciousness. Great lamb and steak!
Impressive and entertaining. Great show at a great price. I walked out a believer.
As authentic as Korean food can get. Great value and very nice and courteous staff
too bad，do not come again.the service is bad too.hehehhehehehheheh
Amazing show! Great performances and tons of fun!
Seen this last year with Wally Eastwood. Definitely an awesome show.
Ready to be insulted...
The best AYCE sushi place. Never disappoints.
good food but service was just ok. they add 18% gratuity for parties of 6 which i would not give for what service i recieved from the food server. Food server wasnt even checking if the food was ok or not.   i saw more of the busboy more than the food server.  i think the food server was guaranteed 18% tip and so he did not care if we were taken care of or not. once he served the food we did not see him till we got the bill. and was not even offered desserts. he served ice cream without spoons.
Excellent service. There's nothing special with the food. Fish is not fresh.
Love it! Big menu and fresh sushi!!! Staff is always pleasant.
Great service and fresh sushi!!!!!!
Literally, THE BEST all you can eat sushi.
Unorganized chaos!  For a movie that has been out for month!  Hmmm!  But nice place
Super nice staff! Clean theaters and great prices on Tuesdays!!!
Tuesdays $5. Love this theater popcorn a must!
Cheap movies, comfy seats.
What a great place. Always love the happy hour here. Always good, friendly service !
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!  Do I need to say more?   The best in town.
They have the best gyros it the city.I always get chicken shawarma, it's the best.
Who couldn't love whole foods?!
Exceptional meal here.
A venerable favorite in Scottsdale ..... $$$$ but worth it
Best steak place in Phoenix hands down.
Bit pricey- but always delicious. My family and I always enjoy!
Great food.. Slow service
Thank you for saving our Christmas meal ingredient scavenger hunt!!
Excellent food. Excellent service.  Chocolate Italian ice is THE BEST!
Shelby is a very very nice associate!!!
Outstanding pizza and the wigs are perfect!
A little over priced but food is amazing. Delivery is always fast and friendly.
Owner seems very nice. Fish n chips for three!
Ask for Kris. She is the best!
Always a great time. Great food & great service. I recommend the Top shelf guacamole
Worst service ever!  So sad, will not return!
Alpha phi sigma bowling social vs. Criminal justice club
Went into this F&E this evening and a lady told a f&e employee that one of the meats packaged was very old. He just walked by her and said well don't buy it then. there were about 5 customers  and all of our mouths just dropped:0 The lady was very respectful at his comment and said that was a weird response. I said that was rude!  I think another customer went to report it to the manager. Smh!
Beyond delicious!!! Wonderful home made tasting burgers & fries
Best burger and fries I've had in a LONG time. Highly recommend!
Best pizza in Scottsdale!
Not kid friendly. No h/c
Best chicken flautas ever. Love this place. Good drinks and food!
Great shop the manager Tina was awesome great customer service
Extremely well priced for the quality and style you get.
Pretty typical Vegas buffet. Lots of options and variety. A bit on the pricey side.
Great food for the price
Got our recordings and loved listening back!
Cool place, redecorated interior.
Shopping with Adonis & Terra.
Just hanging out . I see blue martini in our future.
Pricey high end shops. Cute boutiques. Nice outdoor eateries.
Quick To-go service is not so "Pronto."
Best place for food and great price.
Margarita flight is good but mango margaritas are the best.
Everything they make is awesome!  If you're here later and have a dirty and good sense of humor, ask for the dirty show! You'll thank me!!
Possibly the best meal in Vegas!!!
Are there any good stores here anymore?
Eggplants fries are the bomb
Their all you can eat sushi is the best.  Great local sushi.
My favorite sushi place! They are so welcoming and delicious!
Sushi was good and beers are always cold.
Excellent food and very professional service
Do the all you can eat
Good God...parmesan meatballs!   Take a meatball, bread it, deep fry it, and serve it with marinara and mozzarella!
Good food and Great Seafood Bisque
Great food. It,s like going back in time. Clean and the staff is very friendly
Had a great time, new blood added new material, fantastic time.
It shouldn't take two hours to be seated,great food but takes forever to sit down
The food was great and our Chef, Stephen was awesome!
Awesome food and awesome service!!! Thank you Corey!!
Awesome!!The food here is fresh and refreshing...
Good food, good sized portions, good attentive service.
Really enjoyed the show. Loved Tanner in this role. He rocked it!!!
Fresh&Easy works for me anytime!
Wonderful menu very clean and inviting!!
Nice place. Close to attractions. Clean rooms.
Super weak drinks and a mediocre DJ make for a crappy night out at this place
Best Bang for your buck and awesome people watching inside an air conditioned bar!
The best in the Valley. Period.
This location is always packed in the mornings. But they have a drive thru.
Not busy at all today. Able to get in and out. Great service with some good recommendations!
Best cheesesteak in the valley and fast service as well!
Phenomenal. Do it. And the place is spotless...so clean! And great service!
Fast and tasty. Best cheese steak in town.
Awesome place to have dinner. I'm from out of town.
Ordering was fast, nice display of the menu, and food was brought to us.
Good breakfast skillet
Great vegetable  & beef soup!
Over priced Fake Mexican food.
Great food. Great service! JJ is the best!
They sell $10,000 Symbian phones but built with the most amazing build quality you could imagine
This is basically a high fashion phone. Ranging anywhere between $9,000-$500,000
Really enjoyed my brunch
Buy 1 get 2nd 50% off entire store
Food was good. Service was spotty. Long waits for everything.
A chain, only one in WI.  Before our food arrives it really resembles a Claim Jumpers.  But it is brewery too.  I am trying a Bock & Wheat
Best cupcakes I've ever had or ever will have! Love the peanut butter cup!
Great for the price and awesome staff. Never a disappointment.
Can we say mechanical bull! I may have try it!
Don't trust the map on Yelp for this place. It's near the corner of D.I. & Nellis.  Not on Sandhill & Viking.
Bad ass burger and parm-truffle fries rock!
Great potato skins and baked cookie dessert
Skip this Buffett!! Don't even let the 2 for 1 whisper to you! You've been warned!
Love the quality and freshness of the sushi here. The Kabuki Roll is a little tricky to handle but presentation and taste make it worth the effort. Don't miss out on side dishes like the cucumber salad, which makes a great refreshing appetizer.
Super fast service! Awesome fresh Sushi
My favorite Japanese restaurant,  here almost every week and we have the kabuki card
Get the Alaskan rolls with cream cheese :-) You are welcome!
Amazing cocktails and great food! Best sushi in Madison!
One of my favorite places in town! Good for sushi lives and non sushi lovers alike.
Favorite place for groceries. Good prices on staples. Sign up for the e-newsletter and you'll get a weekly coupon.
Really good food + really good service = a great breakfast experience. :)
As Borat says "Very Niiice."
Great wings great service and the owner is always there.
Oh   Great place to make new friends. Excellent food. Service. Very clean.
Good affordable beer prices great music if your into metal
Tina at the barber shop is the best!!
Pretty cool decoration with the wheel and the chair
Speed is not their thing.  Maybe they need more coffee!
Much friendlier than before and the coffee is bomb. Lots of hipsters.
Food is awesome but service is slow! Yes, I would have dinner here again.
There's no way around it: the food is terrible.
Prosecco to start!  Guanciale mashed potatoes - life is good!
Get the All'Amatriciana.Lardo is the best
Most amazing rib eye you will ever have!
Fabulous. Great food and atmosphere. This was the best restaurant we found in Vegas.
The food is outrageously delicious!
Sweet buffet deal, not the most amazing food but decent.
I love this place. All the girls are awesome!!
Ravioli stuffed with squash was very nice. Great atmosphere
Always tasty!  With the Family!  Thanks Jamie and Wayne P for the gift card!
Burger & fries! Enjoy all the time.
Last day of business at this location!  Moving around the corner!
Fawn went to pink lotus in gilbert Libby went to polish me pretty in Tempe
The chicken fried steak and pancakes are a win!
One of our faves.   Great breakfast portions.  Amazing pancakes.
Love this place. I always get the egg salad sandwich or the hummus wrap.
If you want good service, DONT come here. Also they were out of a lot of stuff.
Best Liquor store ever!!!
Best pizza in town!  Gluten friendly,  extremely accommodating!
The Unlce Louie rustica is amazin'  and so is the spinach artichoke dip.
Free onion petal from Yelp. Why not?
Great service, great food, leaving full! Awesome dinner for Fourth of July!
rare pepes they were not dank but they were pretty rare
Latin nights, Thursday nights!! :D
Great place to hang out, but not for talking, it's loud in here! Good for a date when you already know each other!
I got over charged $10.00. Pay with cash or get robbed!!!!
Service wasn't great. Food was ok, but not worth coming back.
Excellent food and service. Pizza by the slice, baby! Friendly staff.
Great pizza, great atmosphere. Exceptional restroom
Great craft beer selection
Best Irish fare in Phoenix !
Get there for happy hour.  The food is excellent and the prices can't be beat!
Awesome patio, and knowledgable service! Amazing rum selection as well!
Great Food. Great service. One of best places in Phoenix.
Great food, incredible service, perfect ambiance for a romantic date!
Small building not really a waiting area so you stand in the middle of the room which is awkward. GREAT food though! They were ok doing substitutions and didn't charge me extra.
The food is excellent and they have so many choices! Great place to eat!
if you go on a weekend, make sure you allow several hours
Rib platter anyone?  These fried pickles are so so good!!!
Love this place. Ruben and the rest of the staff rock. The work the butts off.
Bacon wrapped dates. Period. Get them!
Delicious and excellent service. Will be back
Incredible food. I had a great Cuban panini and the quiche Lorraine was superb.
Love this location. However, the patrons should make sure to give each other enough space when standing in line. I'd rather not have my ankles destroyed by your shopping cart.
Great place to gay watch. Total suburban vanilla meat.
Always long line in customer care desk! Somebody, address this already !!
Just unbelievable how unhelpful they are and rude
Great Happy Hour everyday!
Good boba tea. Good rice. Huge selection of instant noodles. Affordable.
Best selection and good prices!
Love the selection! Friendly people and a calm atmosphere.
Good teriyaki chicken, service was excellent, fresh and yummy food.
Great customer care and is very clean!
Classy little wine bar without the pretentious feel. Small menu items and pizza but kitchen closes at 10 on weekdays.
This place out of business!
walked in, got seated the table was still dirty/oily/sticky. Smelled like a mixture of cleaning products and old fish. My daughter was getting ill due to the smell so we left. Didnt order, and never will. We were really looking forward to a good bowl of pho.
#44 is awesome.  I come here for that every time.  It is s metal bowl with rice around the inside and cooked to be crispy.  Then they add a stir fry meat and veg on top of that.  If is very good
Awesome place! Best food store in town!
Great service. Kind. Bright. Good price. Timely completion of work
I can't even order here. It's like families meet Mexican cafeteria. I can't do it!
Awesome service and the food is ggggggggreat!
I am very impressed. Friendly staff. A clean car is a happy driver.
Ridiculous wait time.  Over an hour in line.  Just wrong.
Love it! Best BBQ going back soon the ribs chicken. And everything
Great for vegetarians!  Try the mushrooms!
Excellent Chicago style Beef, thoroughly love their bread. My fave is the beef and sausage combo with provolone and hot peppers. The surrounding are very plain, so go for the flavor, not the scene
Best middle eastern restaurant in Vegas [period]
Great food and service. My family love eating here. It's heaven if you are from the Middle East.
I love their food especially the egg plant, lo-mein, and fried rice.
Delicious food. Delicious Chinese food. Delicious food.
BEST HOT DOG IN MY LIFE.   Very clean and gives you a good laugh as well.
I have had several amazing dogs from the chilli man. He is a true hot dog hero.
These guys are awesome, don't trust anyone else with your tires.
Water + fire + tribal drum beats = fun for everyone, no matter if you're 9 or 99.
Great? No. A decent, reasonably priced burrito for an airport, and fast? Yes.
so good its hard to believe......chicken with fried rice is amazing.....
all hail moonsauce! Their food is always amazing!
Pizza was fantastic & service was excellent!
Good quality but garlic sauce needs some work. descent portion size ;)
Atmosphere is a little weird but the food is always awesome :)
Disgusting!  Frozen deep fried trash.
We love Pete's! Try the onion rings with tarter sauce. Nomnomnom
Always the place to go for a great meal. Good comfort food!
This place is AMAZING! !! Underrated. . Great home style cooking
Between the Chicago dog and the Italian sausage, this place is doing it right. Try the Italian fries, definitely delicious with the root beer.
greasy fries and very slow service. never again.......
Waited in the longest so they can tell me cash only.
Excellent food and service.  Great steaks, salmon, and salads!
Unbedingt mit Foursquare einchecken. Halber Preis auf das zweite Getränk.
Get the bottles, you can't go wrong.
Desserts are amazing!
Chicken and steak not ready for customers, had to wait extremely long for chicken.
My favorite restaurant... The eel is TO DIE FOR!! It the best in the summer! So good
Great, fresh, fast! Lamb pita and feta salad were amazing.
The best Middle Eastern food in Nevada. Love it.
Entertainment book 2012 has a BOGO up to 7 buckaroos....
This location is CLOSED!
4x4 and animal style fries.
Best Sicilian pizza in Phoenix.  From a Brooklyn native
My favorite place for delicious treats of italian taste.
Best happy hour in town.  I come here every time I'am in town.  Great staff!
Awesome food, so so service
I always get my order to go so it's ready in the box, but I found out to get it for here still because you get a delicious salad with it if you are dining in!
Good wings even better screwdriver plenty of TVS
Great rolls with great price!!!Shrimp tempura is my favorite
Excellent service from Hannah and delicious food! Will return!
Protein style double double, animal style fries, neopolitan shake. Hellz yeah!
Jim the host is amazing. Such great customer service!
A fluffy chicks dream!
Great cupcakes!!  I've tasted and retasted just to be sure.
Tuscan harvest salad... Yum!
6 Beer Sampler, Belgian, awesome! I loved the Petrus Aged Red the best!
Best happy hour around. Try the california roll poke style.
Truffle Burger is the best burger in the planet. Beer list is impressive. Awesome.
The rose garden beer is amazing here. 100% recommended!
Drinks are kind of high for Las Vegas but the service here is great.
Delicious food & great service!!
Good food, Awesome friendly service, always clean. We just love coming here!
Highly recommend the Joe's Shuffle, Moco Loco & Huevos Rancheros.
Can't beat the midnight specials. My friends and I go at least once a week.
Suggest getting the all you can eat sushi. Good quality sushis!
Great service, best all you can eat Sushi in the valley.
Delicious!!! Go here almost every other day!
Great service sushi was wonderful awesome prices.
Awesome food. Owner is also very helpful with suggestions. Totally recommend
Love this place, try the chicken bagel spicy.  Amazing!
I am in love with the herbed baguette ! Finally I can have a bread that tastes good !
Great place. White tuna is amazing!
Nice place with great music.
out of this world - Japanese Wagyu & São Paulo ... So so so so good
Poor customer service and the portion of the sushi is not enough! :(
Unique flavors, with very unique atmosphere. Small portions with big prices.
Sea bass screwers soooo yummy!!!!!!
Always a staple for good boba tea! Friendly staff, great drink! Love this place!
So, what happens if you ask for your burger Gangnam Style?
Great price. Great variety. Even have a kids section. Decent priced.
Amazing - chicken wonton nachos , tom kha and firecracker chicken.. Top notch
Shit service! Shit....
Fun place,  great HH prices,  and Ashley was an awesome bartender.
Best martinis! Tuesday is ladies night $4.75 martinis!!
It's all about the flavors! The Master Chiefs will not disappoint you! Come check out Marssa you will not leave unsatisfied!
Bagels! Bagels! They have bagels and toast them up for you!
Best coffee in the world!
Family owned, been going here for the last 10 plus years. Great staff and food!
The best Pizza in town! Great people! Family owned restaurant.
I love this place!  Dine in or take out!  The bread is such a great perk!
Absolutely love this place...
Terrible experience.  They kept us here for 7 hours! Then lied about promised gifts
Love, love, LOVE the atmosphere!! Love the set up! My first time here, referred by a friend, all I wanted was French toast and it was DELICIOUS!!!! The rest of the menu looked great, can't wait to try other items!
Liked this place better than Craftsteak
Try to seat outside. Can't go wrong with sushi and the fountain show.
The food was really great.  Great atmosphere and service but a little pricy.
Horrible service!!!! Very rude and pushy waitress. I will never go back
Horrible! The worst sushi we have had in a long time
The spicy tuna pizza is a must have
Very nice store. Staff is very helpful. Bought a jacket and will be back.
Solid family-friendly Chinese restaurant with friendly staff and good food.
We enjoy lunches here. The tilapia is good but the broccoli is usually under cooked
Not a very good place if you are in a wheelchair.  No ramp and a lip to get over.
Eggs Benny cold eggs hard.  On the pricey side four people. With coffee 60.00
Love this place!!!  Lemon Ricotta Pancakes are the best!!!
Best service! Rosi is amazing.
This might be my new fav breakfast spot; smells like moms chicken grease, next to a beauty shop, and gospel on the radio should be good
I bring all family & friends here.   Great Soulfood!
Insane custard. Custom burgers are cool but their specials are better value.  Get the big one.
I'm going to need to find a new sushi restaurant. I don't like the fact they mixed sushi with tapas.
Not Happy with my iPhone 5
The best customer service. Love my tutorial classes!!!
Xmas British dinner with my father
Great thin crust pizza
spending the night here in Charlotte.  Great lobby bar and nice rooms,
Sloppy, un edible,  tasteless mess. I threw it out and I usually eat anything...
The best Pho in Glendale/Peoria
Most flavorful Pho in town. The vegetable and tofu Pho is excellent.
Portions. Small!  Haha look at this $7 banana bread. Can you say rip off?
The short ribs tacos are amazing. It's a great option for people on GF diets.
Salted Caramel Brownies. End of story, game over.
Great chicken and pasta dish.  Excellent service.  Loved sitting on the patio.
Very good service. Had recall and got loaner for the day
I love this grocery store. They have everything you'll ever need and then some!
Pita Jungle has the best Jalapeño Hummus!
Awesome family owned restaurant! We keep coming back for the fresh food and great service.
This was my 3rd time here...LOVE it! Fresh, tastey food with friendly service in a pleasant and clean atmosphere. My new favorite in the area!!!
So incredibly yummy!! Their sushi is the bomb
Rude. No all you can eat.  Disgusting.
Good looking menu. Inside is very loud.
I really think they out crack in their chips and salsa because I've never had chips and salsa taste that good!
That chick that looks like Christina is real as fuck! Best bartender ...NICO
Brody our PROFESSSIONAL Guac Man rocks the avocado...best ever
Great customer service. Love the atmosphere and food is delish!
Excellent food.  Friendly service.  Always a special place to enjoy a special meal.
The white sands chimichanga is the best chimi I've ever had.
Nacho Mama and the lettuce wrap was INCREDIBLE! House Cab was a great deal also
great take home, friendly service, the family loves it. try the malts.
Clean shop friendly staff good work. Thank you Nick, my Osiris is legit!
Can you try to cut a pizza evenly and all the way through. Kinda welcoming.
Picture perfect view of Pittsburgh.  Beautiful scenery.
Never played my song, which sucked, but fun place!
Great food! Great atmosphere! Great service! Overall great experience!!
Good food, reasonable prices and had a great staff, especially our waitress!!!!
Great sandwich, nice outdoor area, great find!
Had a great time at the first Wet Republic at night w/ Tiesto on 9/16.
Mochi mochi mochi is a must to add in....
Yummmmmy food and great margaritas!  Service was excellent.
Excellent restaurant, going to dinner here tomorrow night again, love the food.
Chose 1 star because I couldn't pick 0 stars. Worst service I've ever had...
Do not use !! Stay away !!
Bottom line do rent here they are thieves and cheats and rude .
So yummy! Great prices and so friendly!!
Nice spots to chill  And watch your dog play
Awesome Kung pau chicken
Theres nothing i don't like about this place. Their food is sooo good! Best of all they dont have a minimum for delivery!
Come here for their lunch specials! & they deliver  love it!
Best lox bagel on earth. Very nice customer service at 7am.
Over priced, slow service, dry, flavorless bagels! Okay to try once in your life
Don't come after 10pm even though they close at 10:30. They won't make you any rolls and the line is bare!!
Sake bombs and mackerel
这家简直是垃圾中的战斗机。难吃又精致。奶奶的。都没见过这小的sushi。那什么raman居然是速食面。靠！浪费钱。黑！
Moderately easy hike, with beautiful views!
You have to be 18 or older to use the gym. Please.
Excellent food and service. Wish I knew about this place sooner.
Great close thai place close to home. And they deliver!
Had the Breakfast sampler of 2 eggs, 2 links, 2 ham, 2 bacon, hash browns, 2 pancakes. Overall? Not tasty and kind of cold.
It's restaurant week!
amazing best dinner in years
Chicken lollipops are the bomb.com
A gem for fresh za in madison!
The service was great and the pizza was authentic.  Great job!
I am going back for my birthday and the rib eye (:
Large portions and cooked to order! Good sweet and sour chicken!
Such an intimate little theater. And the staff is just exceptional.
Super fast and friendly service!
Great place for that comfort food craving!  Fried okra and haddock can't be beat!
Best crepes and the coffee is really good too!
¡Muy authentico!  Like you've been transported into the middle of Hermosillo
Great food. Never a disappointment. Fast and friendly service.
This place is bomb.com!!!!!
I felt staff was ignoring me when I tried to get their attention.
Another fabulously quick delivery.  Ordered #4 & #5 and as always they hit the spot.
Solid chain restaurant burgers. Love that spicy kilauea burgers
Love it! Always enjoyed Islands in California! Very happy they had one in Arizona!!!
I love this place, the awesome acai is the best!
Love this place!! Best barber shop in town!
Does not even deserve a star! Service sucks
Always good food and usually fantastic service. Happy hour is the best time to go.
Best seafood udon ever. They have good prices and the entries are really good too.
I have been here a few times with friends and we absolutely love it!
Have tried Sake, sushi, and Chashu Ramen here today. All taste great!
Called to see if Add On Promotion was still available and the Member Rep said that I expired on Sept. 7.  I asked if there was any chance to extend it.  They guy gave me this lame excuse of "There's nothing we can do." So much for going above and beyond customer service.
Always busy and crowded. Best time to go is either late at night (10pm or later) or super early in the AM (6am or so)
Awesome place for kids of all ages! My 1 yr old boy loves it!
Lots of stuff for even little ones to enjoy!
Town square crazy !!! Vegas baby
Seriously?!?  You really don't want me to spend my money here... Ok...
The pork enchilada is the best I've had. Cheese enchilada is SUPER!!!! Salsa...yum. Quesadillas are hearty and fresh.
Don't come here if you want good food. We left very disappointed.
All day happy hour on Saturday
Nice place, nice happy hour. Tyler, the bartender was on top of it. Good job!
I go to Starbucks all over and this one is super slow and super rude.
Check the clearance racks
Self parking garage costs $$$, so does valet.
Not bad at all ! Annual awards where held in the ballroom and the food was great.
Fantastic calamari and the pizzas were really tasty.
Just tried their fescolina pizza. Awe yeah... Tasty
Intimate cafe with comfy chairs and tables.
Love this place! The seafood appetizer platter is the best!
So awesome!  The food was fantastic,  great wine , best ever server, Kaeli
I highly recommend this place.  Food was good service wonderful.
Made very sloppy  wish I can give this place a big fat ZERO
Bunch of grumpy old women working there
The staff here is always friendly and their food is the best!!
Old beautiful building houses this fantastic place
Palms poker room has been closed. It was closed last week. No tables, nothing.
My favorite place to grab a bite...The food is delish...
Love this place. Huge portions for the money and great lunch specials.
The food here is amazing!!!
Our favorite place to eat nearby!! We used to go there 3 to 4 times a week!!
Heather is a friendly bartender that makes the dining experience a great one
Delicious homemade ice cream!!
Omg horchata ice cream!!!
Not recommending this place. Bland and weird.
Take a chance and try the blue cheese with honey!
Honestly, go get yourself some gelato instead!
Home made marshmallows toasted on top of my sundae was a smart decision!
Having Cabernet pear and lime basil sorbets. WOW!
Clean and friendly.   Will be back next year.
Beautiful rooms. We stayed in 1827
Be carful with the bell man they opened my bag and they stole my watch
This is the best resort experience I have had in Vegas.
Great staff.  We love Paul.
Java Grounds supports the community and the mission to help children. Great place.
Slowest Starbucks on Earth.
Very good!  Crab and corn chowder, Cesar, sirloin and grits.
Sushi was delicious and service was good No complaints here
Great people watching bar.
Jay is the best, super knowledgable piercer.
Had rash on my arms after using warm tub.
I like Target - this store however is not my favorite
Very nice setup, great food and service And very reasonable prices
Lines move fast. Fill out your paperwork before getting your number to avoid your number being called while filing out the paper
The price is fine. Food is average.
This place is closed!
Can't remember the last time I was here, but if you like vegan food, this place is pretty good
Best Colombian food in Charlotte.
Good food. Bad service when Zea is working, great if Trish is tending bar!
A little on the pricy side. 9.00 for eggs and bacon
This place is great! Definitely try the coffee cake. It's amazing!
Great place! Great service!
This place was awesome! Great food and great service. Their pork belly is on point!
Good food, great service. Ate here several times and love all the experiences so far
Simple, quick, and delicious.
Great chicken fingers.. Simply delicious! Maybe the best food value in Vegas!
I loves canes!! Delicious chicken fingers and fries!! Sweet tea is pretty good to!!
A great outdoor mall... When the weather is nice
Great pizza great staff can bring your own wine
CAUTION food here is old and rancid, costumer service there is none.
Just had a marvelous blow out with Eric!  Recommend him highly!
Very friendly staff! They're always so energetic and uplifting.
Great breakfast, friendly staff. Pet friendly patio!
If you like CPK.. You will like it here
Burrito excellent.....linguini not so good.
Great food and service! Carmel brownie is amazing.
Always open & always fantastic.
All I can say about this place is that its OK..
I love this place! Too bad, I cannot visit everyday.
Great place   Great to people watch
Chocolate croissant is to die for.
Staff was very friendly and the coffee was made quickly and taste very good.
Really good food at a great price
Locals eat here next to a tire shoppe.
Its cold food, you must dig to the bottom to get hot food . Dont come
I would not go back worse than my sons school lunch.
Our favorite pizza and wings! Try the Carolina gold. The employees are awesome too.
Always friendly. Really enjoy the waiting area.
Good, authentic "back-east" pies!
Love it I'm a TJ MAXX shopper
Food and service is consistently always great! If you go for lunch, go early because it fills up by 12 because it is so popular!
My favorite place for breakfast.  French Toast and eggs benedict are fantastic!
Best sushi place.  Lots of great specials. Family owned. Always my first choice!
Stupid people won't allow transparent Starbucks drink in the theatre!
Fresh food, can choose level of hotness ( Thai hot 1-5), delicious curries. Great for lunch, a quick bite, or takeout.
place is amazing! best pad thai ever!
This place is awesome!
Great food. Good service.  Best place for quick bbq!
Over cooked!!! No taste... lots of flies in the dinning room. Just not good
Worst customer service EVER!!
Love any Jamba but this one is always friendly and pleasant.
Large portions, good food, good prices and awesome drink specials!
NC agriculture! Gotta love!
Starbucks should never take 30 minutes even in peak hours.
Make Cold Brew coffee or take down your signs.
The food is good I love going when Pick O' The Litter is playing
Server was extremely kind and a great help
Great food and great service. Server was very patient w my kids.
Food is always delicious, service is great, and it is beautiful inside.
Amazing food.  Busy though and pricey.
Do not recommend, poor quality and pricey. Not authentic Indian.
Very tasty and price is reasonable.
Awesome.  Well worth the visit.
.98 cent fresh baked Italian bread loafs and the Pesto Hummus is winnahs here!
Huge portions....don't let the industrial park vibe outside scare you.
Great food, great service, nice and calm environment.
It's always busy here
Everyone is Friendly and the Atmosphere is Grounding.
Gotta have the NC BBQ while in town!
Pot roast is where it's at! Or bring someone along and split the L.T.D.
Great BBQ and great service.
Good food, good service.I recommend the double grilled wings they were great.
This place is amazing!  Fantastic food great ribs .  Great service
Great job cleaning my carpet today. I had some thought stains and dirty carpet
Fast & furious. Guy outing.
Always a great experience, and my kids love the play center they have.
Great dive bar. Check out the live music, chill out front or shoot some pool.
Royal Ballet's Sleeping Beauty
Don't get here too early!
Fast no wait seating on a Saturday night!
Store is fine but there's always only 1 or 2 registers open and VERY slow.
Love the ambiance, just like home! Meatball parm is delicious!!!
Not open Saturday unlike the Yelp page. No hours listed on building. Breakfast fail.
Good location with excellent staff!
Papaya salad is delicious when it's spicy (my opinion)! So do try if you can take spicy.
Best Pho in Charlotte!!! The food is so fresh and authentic. This is my new haunt!
Best Thai food I've ever had. Period.
So good, so good, so good!!!
Favorite Thai food in Charlotte! Definitely 5 stars.
This place smells like heaven.Get the Tom kha soup.
Good quality food,  nice and attentive hosts
Good hair cut. Good guys working there. Reasonably priced. Nothing else to say.
Charlie was great!!Quick and good $24 Yelp thank you for your recommendation.
Amazing! Best restaurant in vegas!
Awesome BBQ!! The catfish was excellent! Atmosphere casual and great for quick meal!
Best BBQ in Charlotte!
Great owners. Maria and Faustino are tops!
Cheapest meat ever.  Didn't like it one bit.
PHO here is good, better than a few PHO places in OC.  I like their Ice Tea, it soothing taste and it's complementary.
Always good, friendly staff and inexpensive. Their menu is HUGE - so many choices.
Lunchtime sandwiches are the best plus they r healthy
I'm all about the Bleu Ribbon burger and the seasoning for the fries.
Great playground. Bring a piece of cardboard! There is a slide built into the hill and the kids love flying down on a piece of cardboard!
First time here... Great biking nice single track had a good pedal today!
Great massage today. Ask for Kate she is wonderful!!!
Over priced, just go to Chevron up the street if your worried about quality
The whole family gets in for $1 on Sundays from noon to 2.
Amazing food, awesome service!
Watching the HEAT game!
Way better than the one on Thomas.
Hidden gem of the valley!! Fantastic all around ..
Yummy... The 48 Oz porterhouse is the bomb... So is the creme brule..
I highly recommend this place! Amazing service and great appetizers and dinner!
One of the best places around
Great thin crust pizza with really fresh toppings.
It's NY Pizza!!  Right from Under the Brooklyn Bridge
Great pizza and salads.  The service was great. We keep returning...very friendly
Even after a brief stint working here, I still love the meatballs. The cafe menu is expanding and remains fresh and affordable.
5 stars because Bojangles biscuits are delicious.
Excellent food and great happy Hour.  Love this place
Amazing sandwiches and great service! If you are in the courthouse check them out!
Closed lost leaseLast night sign on window
Not a guy into fast foods but the lobster series is good actually. Recommend.
Such a fun bar, and great lunch and dinner as well!
Worst managed theater in Charlotte!!! Avoid at all cost!!!
Most of these are always a good pick, very clean and courteous staff
Great place to get feeders an odd and rarity animals that no other shop carries.
The pizza was delicious, but the wings left a lot to be desired.
It's good pizza and wings usually pretty quiet has a few TV's.
Jet is your average nightclub in Vegas
Delivered so quickly and awesome pizza!
The new Q100.5 is the best radio station in Vegas!
Wonderful service, great food, & very reasonable prices!
Yet again another smoke filled disappointment thanks yelp for the recommendation!
Business is no longer there.
Good service fast delivery of food items. Meat lacked flavor and was over cooked.
Loved all the food, ambiance and wonderful service! Keep up with the great work!
Need feed for the new flock! Ace is the only place nearby that carries it
Simply the best place to call home.
Great restaurant, yummy food and nice service.
I love this store as long as I find amarula and Curacao at a nice price!!! :-)
Service and food were amazing! The cheesecake was perfect!
If you like your table pre-bussed don't come here. Food was good.
The chicken brochettes are good but expensive
Nous avons pris des déjeuners 2x en takeout. C'était bon, rien d'exceptionnel.
Excellente place à desjeuners. Belles assiettes, bon cafés, bon services
Place à déjeuner classique
Mediocre food at a painfully slow pace.
Toujours excellent, bonne bouffe, bon prix, que demander de plus !!
The best pizza and pasta in rdp
Slow & expensive and overall the worst experience I ever had at a printer.
Amazing!  5!  Bang for your buck!
Best japaneese food in Montréal!
Great sushi place. Great prices. Superbe location. Friendly staff.
Best nachos in the entire world! Huge portions though
Variety of shisha and drink options.
Cool place, nice terrase. Terrible service.
cozy place with warm ambiance great croissant viennoiserie
Delicious marshmallow hot Choc!!!
Toujours bon c'est une tradition et c est fou comme les serveuses sont belles !!!
Great ambiance, great food
Loved brunch here! Not alot of selection but you sure get the most for your buck!
Très bon restaurant mexicain aux prix abordables et au service très sympa.
Amazing food and great service. Everything you could want in fine dining. Loved it.
stuffy and overpriced, the food was blah
So so bagel sandwiches. Not worth going out of way for
Great beers and service!
Cool little bar/venue hangout with free foosball. Welcoming and friendly staff.
Blueberry danishes are amazing!
Mmmmm même pour les non végé ;)
"Extended" Happy Hour, from 2:00pm to 9:00pm. Try their Scotch Ale on tap...
Good Montreal style bagels
I dare you not to eat them when they're warm out of the wood fire oven! Oh soo good.
proper sweet crepes in an epcot paris cafe sort of place.
Très beau bar!! Bonne ambiance! Bon service!! Idéal pour rencontre entre amis!!
J'y ai mangé les meilleurs tartares à vie, vraiment à essayer!
C'est bon et l'ambiance superbe
Best brunch I've ever had.
Best steak eggs Benedict ! Also came with fruit to start which was very refreshing.
Best salmon tartare! Full portion with a cosmopolitan for supper!Fun ambiance!
Great slightly refined brunch and good coffee, what more could you ask for?
Gotta love this pizza. Great crust, good flavors.
Looks dingy on the outside; inside is beautiful and accommodating. Staff is really friendly and appropriate. Location is amazing
Très bon couscous, portion très généreuse et prix très raisonnable
Very good food Duck and steak tartar is awesomeDeserts was also good
Came 3 days ago and still waiting for the food!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best Baton Rouge I have ever been to!
Best baton rouge ever! Excellent steak! The food the service. Everything is perfect
Worst crepes ever. Lack of stuffings. Lack of taste. Lack of service.
Good quality asian food at a reasonable price.
bieres, moules & frites
Got the burger of the month.  Was good but not exceptional.
great place for pick up. sushi is fresh
The best place of Montreal
Amazing bakery! Best one in Montreal by far.
Merci à Morgane de l'auberge pour avoir contribué à cette superbe soirée.
Wonderful spot  for brunch with girl friends right in the heart of old Montreal
Excellent foodGreat serviceGreat portions
Beaucoup d'employer au service des clients. Épicerie très propre ! Je le recommande
Meilleur hamburger de Montreal, je recommande ce restaurant rétro !
Diner- great omelette & poutine fries
Definitely the best place to enjoy a bagel in Montreal!
The fake crab salad is awesome. "Salad de goberge" in Québécois ..
Great bagels that are softer almost a pretzel like texture. Service is so so.
pricey, crowded, and loud :/
Probablement la meilleure soupe tonkinoise à Mtl...
Really good sushi, always fresh and tasty!!
Great service.  Great food. Omelettes are great. Stake and eggs is really good too.
Excellent food and great service! :)
Vraiment de très bons Sushi!!! Les pizzas Sushi sont un délice!!
Very good authentic Chinese food.
Terrible, our dishes were salty and greasy and the staff was not helpful
AAA membership makes adult ticket price $16 (instead of the $20)! Staff is very friendly and they have guided tours regularly.
Prenez une bonne pouffe de graisse en entrant.
Best Poutine we had on our trip!!! This is a must!!!!
best Poutine. Nice staff at the Portuguese quartier of rue saint Laurent.
Le smoke meat n'est plus ce qu'il a été, la recette semble avoir changée... Dommage
S*cks! Way over priced for what u get...
Super!! Tout est vraiment délicieux est frais!!
Very nice dinner for a first in Montreal. Tasty food and good wine.
We were recommended by our carriage driver loved it must try!!!
Food is excellent! Looks very inconspicuous but really great tasting dishes.
Twelve years later and this place is still amazing. A real Montreal institution
Worst food.. Don't recommend anyone to go to this place.. Naan were horrible..
Très bon, des prix raisonnables, bonne ambiance et un très bon service.
sandwiches are OK,  just OK. mass delusional hype is the only explanation. sides were not worth it at all. skip waiting in line like a tool and just order the sandwich to go if you want the "experience"
Amazing! Tender and great flavor. On par with brisket from central Texas.
Best smoked meat sandwich in Montreal period
Really good sandwich,  with French fries and pickles!The staff are very nice.
Montreal smoked meat sandwich is a must!
4 dollars le cronut... très cher et pas très bon...
Tremendous fresh fish, giant lobster.
Bring your own wine and beer....dun dun dun!
Generous on the alcohol in these mason jar based drinks
Excellent service in a beautiful store.
Best crepe we have had in a long time. Old Montréal hidden gem
Terrific fondue. Excellent service. Nice atmosphere. Crêpes were delicious.
THE  place to go for dessert crepes. Hands down. Delicious!
Only lamb chops are above average..fillet is so plain, taste only salt and lemon..
Yummy food and cozy placeWorth it to give it a try
Tout pour courir de -30C A 30C depuis 30 ans avec une atmosphère agréable
Wednesday not good nite. Dancers not allowed to approach men, only ladies
Perfect for a late night meal!
La place parfaite pour jouer au pool et suivre à la télé un match des Canadiens!
Tried the poached egg in my face panini.  Very good overall and great tasting.
Amazing Cuban sandwich and salads, worth the wait!
AMAZING!!!!!! The food... The location.... Everything is unreal.
Service très lent. La caisse est toujours fermée. Pire mcdo au Canada.
had their maple green tea, maple black tea and iced maple syrup
Awesome coffee and ambiance. Come here if you want a quiet moment.
It has the usual diner food. The food is good but a little pricey. Open late
Saggy pizza. Not tasty at all. Felt horrible all day. Not recommended.
Love love love this place. Awesome friendly bartenders. and great karaoke
Incroyable! Belle terrasse a l'ombre. La meilleure soupe dal de montréal!
NE PAS commander autre chose que les pizza (qui sont bonnes). Pourquoi payer la même chose qu'une grande pizza mais pour une petite portion de pâtes...?
Food was fresh, service attentive. Would definitely recommend.
L'endroit parfait dans le quartier chinois !
Très bon mais beaucoup trop cher.
Easily Montreal's finest.
Simply, the best beer dep in the city.
Le meilleur restaurant dans le genre à Montreal. Les antipasto sont succulents!
The place is dirty, food is terrible and service just OK. One star
The food was very good.Service was good.A good place for Indian food
Very good service , food was good , not a lot of space
Great beer, pleasant and vibrant space, reasonably priced.
Beer is off the chain.  Highly recommended if you love great beer.
Fab servers. Lively atmosphere.great brews!
Great service but the food isn't that good :/
Worst service ever. Slow, then fave my I order to someone else. Need I say more
Good Beer and bacon and cheese popcorn our bartender is great
Excellentes dégustations des saisons
Très bons plats, produits frais et saveurs. Un bon thaï sur Montréal
The complimentary breakfast is a sham! A cup of coffee n a croissant is their continental breakfast! U can't take cereals or fruits instead. If someone is kind enough to let u substitute d croissant for cereals,mind u, only one bowl of cereals. if u take one more of their only available 'small sized cup' of cereals, they dump a $9 on you! For a hotel that charges you $$$, and inspite of being a whatever status here, shame on them for imposing such an unbecoming experience on us! Ruined our day!
Nice Spacious Rooms and good customer service.
Slow apathetic service.  Overpriced.  Avoid this place.
Service Lacking, food ok. Not worth going in unless you are caught in a downpour.
Fast and easy the Toronot gate wAs a bit far
Margarita and chips is good,but food is just so so, I maybe back to try margarita.
Food took a long time and small portions
Try the lost paradise if you like seafood - fantastic!!! Loved it :)
If you like your eggs to taste like cooking spray this is the place to be. Awful!
Cuisinier qui met la bonne ambiance et une viande de qualité au rendez-vous !
A healthier alternative to greasy pizza after a night out
Good quality meats and friendly service.
My favorite restaurant in downtown Montreal!
Incredible food and experience
I loved their food so yumm,, the spices were perfect
Do NOT book this hotel.
Great ambiance and Jazz.
Decent selection, friendly service and all around great atmosphere
Pretty good place, big portions, servers nice, friendly, and professional .... It's my first time here and might come back again ....
Great deli!  Love this place.
Best hamburger ever! Juicy, well cooked and delicious
Amazing hamburger BBB
The falafel they have is delicious and juicy. The price is great for this little gem
Nice mix of jazz, world music, rock, etc.
Tuna with fries and Cod with Tomatoes and Onions - both fab. Great place. Visit everytime we are in Montreal.
Menu de game... Un peu decue :(
Pathetic service... not going again
Excellent food and terrific experience.  A perfect small Italian restaurant feel.
Très bon restaurant italien huppé avec un cadre branché. Tout y est très bon.
Une petite bière en cette chaude journée !
Fun a atmosphere. Great staff. Good food and drink.
Very good. Worth a try
Food is good but otherwise kind of lame. Usually not a big crowd at night time
Probably the best Indian restaurant in N.America. Excellent quality.
The food was good. But it took forever to get our orders!!!
This place is definitely a must try if you like steak. I recommend the Rib steak, medium rare with the twice baked potato. It's basically a stuffed baked potato that has chives bacon and sour cream mashed into it. The best part of the steak was the seasoning. Even if you are a purist I think you should give this one a try! It works! Only thing I think they can improve on is dessert. All the choices seemed kind of standard, like there was nothing I felt like I had to have Or couldn't get elsewher
Wonderful meal. Have the Prime Rib. You won't be disappointed.
Unilingue anglophones à Montréal. Aussi hypocrites que ploucs!
Decent hotel at a good price. Location is key.
Amazing atmosphere, and great food!
All I can is good food but nothing great.
This location is more aptly named Slowbucks.
Very original dishes and a nice ambiance!
Oeufs pourris, mayonnaise douteuse. Bon service, mais à éviter absolument.
One of my fav places in Montreal, excellent beers and food at reasonable prices!
I always enjoy my stay. Good people come here . You're always treated like royalty
Unbelievably spacious rooms, great service, fairly good breakfast included. Great location in downtown.
Unpretentious and so much better than Amir. That's it that's all.
Gross.But thats what you do when nothing else is open at 2 am...
An Italian dive on Stanley St. In Montreal. Will let you know how that goes. The pizza is cooked in a "wood oven" and just arrived and looks pretty damn fine.
Great food, wonderful experience.
I don't know if words can really explain my love for this place. Rock solid food.
Great service always good people thanks Amit
High prices for bad food! Next time i will open a can of chef boyardee
Excellent mint tea. Free wifi. Friendly service.
Loved it and will definitely come back!
I ordered Agneau Confit and Canard with salad and soup. Before tax $30
Just order the souvlaki pitas, u wont be disappointed
Great flatbread menu to go along with awesome brews.  La blanche=A+
Très bonne surprise. La cuisine est excellente
Adonis Sauve does NOT accept credit cards
Bel endroit sympa, type de petit bistro parisien...
The burger is very good. Right place at the right time.
Burger est super, décor est simple mais conviviale. J'aime l'ambience.
Very good sushi restaurant. Try the matcha cheesecake for dessert, it is delicious.
Very good mexican food. The avocado soup is delicious. You must try that restaurant.
dunkin has the best coffee & donuts!
delicious general tao, great service. love ordering and dining in
Bonne bouffe mais le prix est beaucoup trop élevé !
Nouvelle ouverture ! Tres beau et moderne ! Super vue
Uniquement pour la beauté des livreurs
Fanfuckingtastic service AND food. Mingia bro, this shits awesome to
Bon restaurant Mexicain famillial.
Good food. No complaints.
Magnifique! 2heures de pure émotion! Bon prix! Très bon instructeur!
Best ribs in Montreal!
Best sub I've ever had, seriously amazing and I will be returning
Awesome sushi!Fresh, tasty and reasonably priced.
Soyez patient. Ne pas aller la avec une migraine et 2 petits monstres qui hurlent.
best price，best food，best place。we like it so much。
Not bad sushi, quiet and relax atmosphere.
Great pizzas and calzones. Quick service and good menu.
Try the entre - Shrimp/Scallops and sweet potato - 'beignets des fruit de met"
Great pizza. The best in pierrefonds so far.
A complete waste of money! One of the worst pizzas in the West island.
Resto français. Bon resto considérant le peu de choix dans l'ouest de l'île.
Their custom grilled sandwiches and cakes are amazing!!
I mostly order out from here - tonight ate in - food quality is excellent - sweet & sour pork - chicken fried rice - all good and nice service
Excellente cuisine dans un décor retro
Malheureusement le restaurant a ferme en 2013
C'est fast food mais c'est bon donc pourquoi pas i aller avec des enfants
Food and drink is good. But too expensive
Ordered galbi. The quality of meat was so bad can't even chew through it.
Despite the name containing the word Panino, this is a Chinese restaurant that does not sell that type of sandwich.
dirty food they should close this place down it sucks
Amazing authentic Vietnamese Subs.  A must try.  Amazing value.
Great little hole in the wall spot for Banh Mi. Good vegetarian banh mi.
Very very good food,  always! Have been coming here for about 10 years.
The food is great, but given the price it pretty much had to be.
great service! awesome fresh pizza!!
This place was shit. Dry meatloaf and glue for gravy and a side of plastic mash.
An institution for UW students.
Campus Pizza is lit like the surface pro 3
If you like Eggs Benedict then avoid the ones here. I don't know what was in the "Hollandaise" but it was cold. My best guess would be mayonnaise and food colouring.
Poor customer service. Unhelpful staff.
This is the place to go if you want to get away. Isolated but with nice trails for walking. A golf course not too far away.
I've gone here a couple of times with my wife. Friendly service and good food.
Great food, Friendly service, Reasonably priced what more can you as for.
Delicious spicy fresh food.
Happy hours every days at 5:30.  Free bar
Great professional staffing.
Splendide! Tout simplement !!
Excuse me while you try to find your seats... I'll just be here in the company loge
The best karaoke spot in Vegas!
Having a great time. Good experience will return. Felt Very comfortable  good prices
Cheers! Awesome place!
Woooooooooohhhhhhhhh ! Awesome for groups !
Awesome karaoke place! Great music selection!
I love this place!!!!best karaoke in Vegas!!!
Best karoake bar ever, great food and good service
Best place ever!!!! Come to Q karaoke!!!!  This place is bombbbbbbbbbb
This is the best karaoke in town.Great system and excellent service.
Great foodGreat service Best place to hang out with great company
Great place to chill and karaoke staff is polite and drinks are good two thumbs up!
We be jammin on da one. Love it here!!! It is so much fun! We will come back here.
Awesome atmosphere, good dj! Super clean! Got vip room for birthday, fun times
Amazing place to sing and drink!
Great place to host a party. The servers are amazing and the food is incredible!
Friendly service! A fun time for everyone lots of selection. Very clean place.
The rooms are great. The song selezction is awesome.  Jacob is the best!
Karaoke q has the friendliest staff and always is a fun time!
They just remodeled! Room looks so much more neat. Fast update too
Best karaoke spot in town! Viva Q karaoke!!!
Best place ever. A lot of fun and great service.
Saturday 17 bucks! And free hot sake with review? Done! This place rocks
Comfy private rooms, friendly staff and good drink deals
Great place to take out out of town friends!
Best late night spot on spring mountain!!!
This is my favorite place to get drunk and jam out to Disney tunes in Vegas!
This place is so cool, best atmosphere and perfect song selection
Best Karaoke around! I drive out here from AZ to go with my friends all the time.
Awesome place! Private room and great service!!
Great service!! Good selection and nice people!
Good place. Good hospitality and good price. People are friendly
Best karaoke in town!
Ian is so awesome! Come thru!
1st time visit..ambience was perfect.. great day to end our weekend getaway.
Best karaoke place ever!! Jacob is amazing and made our experience great!
This place is great!! amazingly fun, will be back all the time
We love Ian! He is very sweetXo
Best place to come and drink and chill and sing my lungs out too
This is the best place to have so much fun and the greatest deal for drinks!
Great environment; love the wall decor!!
Great location, great rooms, great drink specials. Boom.
Been coming here for years! Love the service and always have the best times!
This place is awesome!
Visit the Chinese Garden the architecture was pretty amazing :-)
It's kinda pricey but always clean
Try to catch Emily's class -you will not be disappointed. She's amazing
The food is pretty decent, and so is the service.
Horribly mediocre... And overpriced. Avoid if you can.
I loved it, food was great and service was awesome!
If it's your first time here the one I always recommend is Blue Flame! Try it it's amazing.
Tastiest and most affordable sushi in town.
Pump #6 card reader doesnt work!!
Lookin at open box deals
Confirmo, sigue siendo tan bueno como siempre!! Salud.
Got food poisoning. Don't eat the prime ribeye.
Always great food, great prices, and quick and friendly service.
Gluttony at its finest.
Made reservations weeks in advance and it is worth It. A foodie must.
Perfect restaurant for crazy food, and unique type of food  good vibe of Poaple
Fuck this shit. So fucking boring. Wasted my whole day here stayed longer than 5pm.
They have three different punch cards. Breakfast, lunch, and a coffee one.
Wed: 1/2 price Margaritas.  Thur: 1/2 price bottles of wine.  Sun: $2 domestics.
Best Mediterranean Grill ever.....I would recommend this
Excellent mediterranean food. Definitely the best in henderson.
Cheers to this location!!!
True to its name - honest and excellent service!
Too expensive That's all i have to sayIf you want to waste your money, come here
The full buffet is absolutely wonderful, the service is nothing short of perfect and the atmosphere is relaxed and peaceful.
Friendly staff. Good food & nice atmosphere.  Love the patio.
Looks like a cool place (a lot bigger than it looks on the outside) with a pretty big menu.
I had the scrambled egg breakfast it was great.
Amazing ribs and brisket. Nice staff. Full bar.
Great store variety could be better but so far the best mall in the area
Hard to find parking but mall has everything I need
Great food and atmosphere. Some of the best pizza in town!
Great food great service
Great lunch, every time
Pad Kee Mow. Delicious! Great place for lunch!
My first check in getting ready for my first review tonight!   : )
Love this place so much! Ask for Chef Aaron he is the best
Great office and awesome staff!!!
The best time of my life here this weekend!
Homophobic and sexist. Don't come here.
Great ambiance, decor, service and food. The Oreo dessert is to die for!
Delicious Lobster Louie Salad
Over rated. Dry food. Simply blows!
One of the best Italian food I have had in Vegas.
Wow the food was feat and the deserts were yummy.....
Beautifull venue but Quality of food and service to be reconsidered....
Smoked salmon sandwich at Dillion's is killer...
Worst service I think I've ever had
Over priced, soggy, nasty sandwich. Extremely disappointed.
Brand new music player (it's way too modern to be called a juke box) and it doubles as a photo booth that will send or upload your photos directly. Great idea!
Great place! I keep coming back!
The bagel was edible, but the service was beyond horrible
Greasy good though still good for a drunk girl.  $9 for a quesadilla is to much!
Delicious food, love the $6 tasty cocktails!
Great food (unique burgers, good veggie dishes, great salads), great local beer
Only here because of free voucher comps. Note my first choice in Vegas!
Best fish tacos ever!!! that it self was worth it!!!
Decent Buffett. Nothing spectacular. Very clean and well stocked fresh food.
Much better than last year!  They must have a decent saucier now. The Alfredo was right on.
Love this place! Best sushi and habachi in town.
Sad to report, this great store has closed. Yelp should remove this from the site.
This place has so much of everything, awesome prices, decent cigar selection too!
Place is ok! Better now that they fired babe beckner
Best tour in Las Vegas hands down. Don't pass this one up!
Horrible service,very slow and not fresh food,go to Brossard one,way much better
Gouda Mac and Cheese with chili. Delicious but ruined my diet for the day!!
They got my order completely wrong. The food wasn't anything special.
This is one of my wife and I's favorite spots for date night.
Une agreable decouverte.
very nice food. ten bucks to hv seafood soup and sandwich. Yummy and happy
There Ribeye steaks are the best around always fresh always perfect.
Great Service and great food every visit!!!!!
Flavors are unique and wonderful. The Cochinita Pibil is a must!
Awesome! A real find...
Dad says best clam sauce pasta outside of Venice!
Best Italian food west of the Atlantic
Good food. Absolutely amazing sangria.
The food was excellent. I ordered the shrimp scampi and the sauce was to die for.
I hate you, I hate you, I hate you!!!
Don't come here on UW graduation weekend unless you're part of a big party. They're too understaffed to pay attention to the little tables.
The worst.....you think things will change.... But its just bad!
Great appies and bar specials!
The GREAT thing about my visit was my server. She was very helpful and cool.
My first time going and the service and the wings were good! We'll be back again!
Decent price and its a buffet!
Excellent food especially the garlic name bread. Good service
Amazing lunch buffet and wonderful staff!
Jalapeño Cheddar wings and beers! Can't ask for a better place!
Words do no justice to how good the food is, U have to try it to understand. Wow!!
I always get good service and great coffee!
Great coffee & decent snacks/food.
My favourite spot is still great after all these years. Coffee is so fresh it hurts!
This location is very slow and they don't greet you when you come in. They just stare at you. (It's super awkward)
This place is so good! And that's saying somthing being from the east coast :)
Going to the dentist is NEVER fun, but Dr jafarifar is gentle and very nice.
Prince and I love this groomer service. The groomers are very caring.
$2 slices, local ingredients, and absolutely in the hood...it's pretty fabulous
The Vegan Buffalo wings are the bomb!!  Best in Pittsburgh!
Worth the trip give it a try and it will amaze your tired old tastebuds.
One of my favorite places to shop for clothes and for neat things for the home.
Really nice food and great server. Be back again for sure
Please send me the proper link to guest service s
Good food  always hot and best of all $5.50 lunch special
Most amazing food I've had. I literally inhale the buffarella!
Side order of fries overpriced but it's ok
We love this place!! Food is awesome, service is great!
Food was very good but service not so much
Excellent food. Very pleasant staff. Sauces are excellent.
Crazy amount of beautiful produce! Just crazy!
Beautiful market with amazing fresh fruits to sample and great eateries!
20% off $10+ when you redeem your check in offer!
Long long long wait in drive thru.  For hard freaking chicken strips.  Overpriced
Place is great, portion sizes are huge!
Food is fresh and good!
Service horrible. Attante interminable. Bouffe pas mangeable... etc...
I am new to the area and this was the first place I went for a drink. Amazing! totally chill and the drinks are awesome for the price
Rooftop pool parties in the summer are a go
Great food, ambience, and service for a surprising price.
Just finishing up my duck dinner here! Excellent! Best duck I've had in years!
Great atmosphere, service and great food.  Highly recommend.
Bam!!! 9 dollar steak or salmon for lunch!! Amazing lunch love this place
The staff is not friendly at all. When u ask them to toast the sub or to add toppings, u can see from there faces that they are burdened
Watch the Bobcats/Hornets identity crisis unfold
Best salon I've ever been to!! You won't be disappointed!
Love this place!Food,customer service ,specials! Everything is perfect!
Best Chinese in chandler, potstickers are amazing!
Great Mongolian Beef. One of the better Asian restaurants around.
The snapper is scrumptious!
The service was great! The food was delish!!
Huge bar good selection
Outstanding cupcakes and Gelato style ice cream
Love the green chile soup
The Peruvian salad is a perpetual fave. The sirloin should not be missed.
It's a meat frenzy. I think I'm in heaven
My girlfriend and I had a great time  with great food! We'll be back very soon!
Awesome food. Great service . Definitely got to go again
Some of the best service and steaks that I have ever had.Good job staff!
excellent customer service. didnt buy anything but the clothes were ok ill come back
Spicy pork served with miso soup and salad I order the same thing every time I come here. Great service & quiet spot. Menu has a vast selection to different dishes and sushi.
You must have the lamb,so good!
I absolutely love this Starbucks location! I come here almost every morning. The drive through can be a little long at times but inside is never a long wait. The workers are so nice and outgoing! Love this place!
Longest wait times!! 15 minutes in the drive thru is not ok!
Great service and food .
Wow, that is great panang curry!  Impressively wonderful smell too
Great place to fly into very convenient.
Nicest airport I've ever been to. Rocking chairs, trees, a wine bar, so clean. Southern charm.
OUTSTANDING!  I had the shrimp & grits.. Highly recommend!
Friendly staff, great food, quick service. Perfect lunch spot.
Amazing food, great prices and fantastic ambience.
AMAZING!!! Wonderful adventure and experience, laughed with crew until my face hurt!
My house looked amazing, i will defenitly be using you in the future...
Last Cirque show...now all complete
Don't go! This show was the worst. I want a refund. Save your money!
Chris Angels egocentrism makes the show barely tolerable
Why are there so many flies here!? Gross.
Nice breakfasts. Good quality and reasonable prices.
Eat before you come or bring your food with you.
Love this place, very good customer service and food was GREAT!
We love this place! A great little bakery for us to walk to.
Very rude office staff.
I love this salon. Pauline is the best:)
If you like tight slots this place is for you!
Great food, great service, and an amazing Sunday 50% off special on steaks!!
Just got my library card today! They have tons of online options for books and rentals... Everyone should have a library card.
Great library! Staff is friendly and helpful and it's nice and quiet!
This location is not bad it's pretty consistent on service and food!
Love! Always go for the gyro, or the Greek salad with gyro meat.
Really fucking good wings and onion rings. Seasoned just right
First time here, truffle fries are to die for!!!
Nice late night happy hour.
The food & beers are great! :-) Great happy hour as well!
Great beer and lack of quality food.
Best snake bites anywhere!
Had the seared Mahi sandwich and it was amazing. Great beers and ambiance.
Get new cooking staff.
They don't have the yummy ice cream anymore :(
Only open until 3:00 p.m?? Come on guys!
Very fun, very relaxing great for the kids. Brings out their creative side!
Absolutely love whole foods! Best organic / vegan grocery around.
Solid breakfast burritos. Full of flavor, they don't skimp on the meat and potatoes.
The carne asada burrito is DELICIOUS!!
New favorite!  The spicy tuna and jalapeño roll. Spicy and amazing!
No selection low quality. Wouldn't returned.  (This was a free meal too)
This is my second time here!  So very nice!
Best authentic Mexican around!
Great authentic Mexican food.  Reasonably priced.  Quick.  Must try
Interesting place atmosphere is good, however, the music is horrible, not too sure why "club music" has to be playing.. They also have 3 TV's playing 3 different show... So what does this place want to be???????
Just amazing food and service, what else can you say?. We love this place so much.
First visit here,  definitely not my last! Delicioso!
This place is so delicious!   So many options and they get it right every time.
Great food! Great staff! Best steakhouse in Charlotte, hands down!
Very good. Get the ultimate combo excellent to try a bit of everything.
Really great fish and chips, great amount of food for good price, fresh as it can be
I found the best idem to be their cocktail sauce. Over priced. Small portions.
Great people great food great price!
Excellent customer service excellent good I was so full.
Great tacos and salsa. I had pork and carne asada. Latter was the best.
What a great place. Relaxed. Great food.
Great food. Good prices. Excellent service. Best Mexican food in the area.
Just a solid neighborhood pub. Good atmosphere. Good English tap list.
Slowest line ever! But food raised my rating.
Everything is organic here. They even have their roast their own coffee.
The iced orange mocha is a cup full of decadence, in the best possible way.
Can never go wrong with any if their cup o' Joe's. Love the Nutella and creme brulee lattes.
Forever love this place!!!!
Love coming here. Great coffee. Great staff. Great atmosphere
Awesome people and drinks! Highly recommend
So much deliciousness!
Always the nicest staff. Never ordered a bad cup of coffee from here.
Delicious! My husband is EXTREMELY picky and he loved it!
I'm feeling it, good stuff in this place. It's got my stamp of approval.
Love the gyro salad.  Location is clean and cute.  Staff are always friendly.
Seriously addicting!!! Their tzatziki sauce is on point!!
Best tortatas in the valley ,,,,real mexican cuisine
Great place nice food ! Amazing salads and tortas
I love this place! Food is great and the employees have great customer service!!
best taco in the west valley!
Love this place! Great food and friendly staff.
Great food, a little slow
This is my favorite grocery store!!! I eat here daily!!!
Amazingly fresh and delicious with lots of gluten free options
Ordered salmon; quinoa and arugula & beet salad.  Delicious.
fantastic thai food at a reasonable price. worth a visit!
Best Sundaes and milk shakes in town
Service was so nice. Love the shakes. Returning customer.
My kids and I love this place we take a train ride at least once or twice a year.
Great atmosphere. Amazing portions. Delicious.
This what u call breakfast!!!! Family &friendly place awesome.
Had the Bangkok curry. Could of been of been spicier but it was delicious!
Great service, drinks and food.
Nice place to stop by and grab a cup of coffee.
Best JJs I've ever been to and I've been to A LOT!
The Bathroom was disgusting. It was only 7pm on a Thursday with only a handful of people in the bar. I recommend the owner clean the place up just a bit.
Love coming to this place. Food is always great
Awesome service, sushi and sake bombs!
Decent food cheap drinks and a great place to catch a sports game
Consistent and delicious! Fair prices and fresh
Love it, love it, just love it
Stay away from the ribs
Cute and cosey. Friendly staff with great coffee and yummies!
Words cannot describe how fantastic this food was!
Try the Black Isle Organic beer. Dark, smooth and creamy!
Really nice setting, beautiful decor, staff were lovely :)
Lovely afternoon tea!  Gorgeous room, great service and the food was quite good.
You get a free glass of wine with 2 courses!
Simply amazing Thai food! Best in the UK
Fab choice of fillings for panini's, focaccia's, rolls etc. proper oven baked baked potatoes too
Without a doubt, my favourite pub in Edinburgh.
Schickes Restaurant und eine wirklich beeindruckende Bar.
Good selection of beers nice atmosphere excellent bar staff
Hotel & rooms are very nice but it's strange that they're unaware of their own 4SQ deals. They charge £10/hr for late checkout & there's a fee to use wifi as guests of the hotel- basic courtesies.
Always has people. Good brews down from Royal Mile
Good menu choice for a small restaurant. Nice quaint atmosphere and good pasta.
Best Turkish food we have ever tasted in the UK
This place sucks unfortunately. It's just not good
Fantastic curry and the staff were super friendly!!
Just half way thru my delish meal and wine.    Tell you more later!!
Cocktail in the sunshine!
Kitchen not open till 5pm.
Delicious and decently priced food and great service! Loved my time here :)
Solid pub, good food. Super friendly staff! Recommend.
Schöner kleiner Pub, ruhig und doch voller Leben. Gutes frisches Guinness.
Cost-effective! Nice steak! Strongly Recommend courses. And the waitress is very nice.
Great place. Food was delicious people were friendly. Recommend
Good for a cocktail before going out for diner. Nice atmosphere and helpful bar staff
Not as nice as expected. Quick service though. A strong smell of fresh paint and no ice just warm drinks!
Sat out in the sun waiting for my fish!
Superb food, not the most child friendly place in the world.
Join the smws for a fantastic Whisky experience
I wouldn't bother. Insipid food poorly presented.
Due to BPA concerns, I won't be getting hot sandwiches at Jason's anymore. All hot protein on sandwiches are heated in plastic bags.
Pass on the Halo Halo.
Maybe it comes with a wax too.
Salad bar is amazing. Loved the grilled sword and salmon fish.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Perfect date night!
Bartender sucks!!!!!!!! Go to the casino and order your drinks!!!!! Hope the food is better
Lower prices on service means more money for fabulous products!
Sidewalk sale kiddies. Love it here.
Happy hour 5pm-7pm daily, second smoothie is $1.99.
The worst customer service ever.
By far the friendliest Chanel boutique I have visited and was helped right away by their SA, Dawn.
6 Bottle purchase minimum.
If you have any kind of food allergies I would not recommend this place.
Fun, lively and fresh. Definitely recommended!
Beautiful dog park & very convenient to uptown!
friendly and very service minded
Shrimp tacos were terrible and so were my friends fajitas, I would not recommend.
Nice little corner pub, with the cellar monkey below ....
Edible... That is it and that is all.. Never again
Stylist Joe has a knack for short hair. Always looks amazing and easy to style!
Very fast service, close late, good food, for me was a life saver
Although it has some amazing amenities, and a gigantic Olympic sized swimming pool...it's still quite pricy for a swim! £5.50 for an adult and £2.40 for a kid...if your doing this on a weekly basis that's nearly £40 a month!
My wife and I always stop here on our way to Suns games. Fantastic drinks and light fare.
basic basic food do like the ambiance and great music
Best wings, ever!! Hot gold are our favorite.
Best wings...loved their hot teryaki!
In for bowl game. Awesome wings. Great fries. Good beers. Awesome service.
If I want great wings I go to DD's.  You can't go wrong with anything on their menu.
Absolute best wings in Charlotte!!
Lifetime Fitness Reindeer Run
The spicer the better. Make sure to get the S1!
Best Pho in the valley!!! Fresh brewed Thai and jasmine Ice tea.
Probably my favorite place ever to get pho!
The best Pho I've had in the Phoenix area hands down.
I love this place. From the food to the service it's all excellent
Always been great for me!! I always make an appointment, walk-in always wait longer!
The best burgers around!
Croissant donut, okay, but not worth $2.49 ea.
Awesome food great service we will be back
Very bad service and management., they are very bad
Best insurance agency I have dealt with. Always helpful.
Heard they closed!  Definitely a loss for charlotte. Impeccable service and food.
Love this place the food is so amazing can't get enough of it.
This has to be the best pizza in Vegas!!! Great food and great service!!
The food here is yummy!!! The unlimited soup & bread sticks are my favorite lol
Fine neighborhood jewel.  Go!
Great food, great service and I always recommend this place to my friends!!!
Went based on the reviews, and was somewhat underwhelmed.  Good, but just good.
Best place to get the best prices on your textbooks! Right off campus too!
If you sit at the bar to eat be aware of the a/c units - they are directly overhead.
Forgot to make hotel reservations for this business trip. Lucked out!!! LOVE this hotel/resort!!! Beautiful rooms w/ lots of amenities....
Don't eat at the salad bar. It's just filler
Great food and great service. Bartenders were very sweet and attentive!
So amazing! The service is amazing! Best place ever!
Julia rocks! Great personality and extremely helpful. So great at her job
Good drinks! All go for $9 & $23 if u want them in cool kitschy souvenir tiki glasses. Try the Tiki Bandit--mmm mmm good!
The bomb!  Best tiki drinks.    Bring your own dd or get a limo
The Best in the Business!
Larry makes the best dranks EVER!!!
Food was ok service sucked
Good Food. Great Atmosphere. Nice Staff. The Steak and Shrimp was cooked perfectly.
One of the best fast food burgers. Homemade fries are hard to beat!
Frappuccino was really watery
Cheap good drinks and  bar food. A Nice neighborhood bar.
Best NY style pizza in AZ.
Great food, great pizza and great environment!!
Best pizza I've had since moving out here and the knots yum
Best pizza I've had since moving out here and the knots yum
Good tacos, great guac! Michelada was not so great. Would go back for guac for sure!
Love this place! Love Roberto--he's the best!!
Always just so wonderful! Our favorite in the City.
This place is quickly becoming my secret obsession!  Love me these tamales!!
Wow !! This place is amazing - the best I've ever had !!
Great tamales best we've ever had..
The Hot Dogs are the bomb.comb. The lengua tacos are amazing. Good late munchie food
Dirty, slow, and disrespectful workers.
Best place to take your car in for service.
My favorite! Inexpensive and quick. All the dishes I have tried are wonderful.
As always, excellent food and excellent service! Love this place!!
I have eatin a lot of Sushi shared a quick tuna roll and salmon roll. It was so fresh melted in my mouth like butter
Yummy and happy hour was good to
Burger was warm, soda cold and fries were... Stale.
Wow ! Love the burning love burger and a cold snap beer!
Good burgers cold beer. Kinda hard to go wrong with this combo....
Best tacos ever!!! Tortilla are fresh, not store bought.
Don't sit at the bar...... No one helps you.
Get here early or there will be a wait, outside, in the scorching Arizona heat
I love grimaldis, it's our favorite pizza place for sure. This one is no exception.
Very good service! Great pizza!
So much interesting information about the history of Pittsburgh.
Nice place good service
Super yummy food and great atmosphere
If you're from out of town and looking for a great breakfast spot look no further.
By far the best breakfast in town.
mashed potato spring rolls
Thus place does a amazing job! Food is great! Fair price!
Consistently great food & huge portion that great for sharing!
Grand Lux = Nice DennysPretty cheap sitdown for vegas, decent burgers.
December 23rd and one register open with a line wrapping around the store.
Not bad. Not as good as Hawaii, reasonable price, it's clean inside.
Great food and good service.  Just like the ones on island
Sears Optical accepts most vision insurance and discount programs.
Try the Tahoe sandwich !
Had a pepperoni slice with extra bacon topping. About $7. Order at the counter and wait around till your number is called. Slow, even though I was the only customer at about 5pm. Pizza slice was great, not too greasy or too doughy.
Love the Animal style fries!!
The salad bar..... Who needs the meat!! Unless it's the garlic beef. Or the cheesy bread knots.
They don't hold reservations even when you make one.
vraiment bel endroit pour une sortie amis . Bel atmosphère.
Bouncers are a-holes.
A little expensive, but very good.
Getting a rewards card  and a pit stop on the Greenway!
Not terrible just very bland food. No seasoning.
Good environment. Friendly and quick service.
The Gumbo is to die for
Very good food....a great place when you really miss NOLA food.
This place is amazing. Good food, lots of good flavor.
What a cute little place! Bacon chili sauce prawns were amazing. And mmm... Homemade cheesecake. Can't wait to go back!
This place is off the chain!
Good food, great drinks, bad service.
fantastic view of downtown you gotta see!
Two pretzel dogs for $7. That's $1 more than the deal at Dulles
Affordable snack in the airport. Under $4 for a pretzel to tie you over.
I love my message. Very nice spaIt was exactly what I was looking for.
Delicious! I moved from bay area and was so happy to find this place!
First time trying Papa Joe's we'll see how it is...
Fresh fish and great prices. Had the catfish and onion rings, both amazing.
Try the Hot Link sandwich.  It is spicy and they put a burn on it.
We ordered the spicy catfish and the regular whiting...OMG the whiting!!!
Best storage place around very friendly and great service wouldn't go anywhere else
Great place and the customer service is excellent.
Our pooches look adorable!
Really good tasting food only complaint is slow service, and the price
Great authentic Polish deli. Stuffed cabbage was delicious!
Good gourmet burgers and bottomless fries nice change of pace.
Never had bad service or food
no food...just a hell of a good time!
Bought a Camry here n it was an excellent experience. I would recommend.
Great food and service. The pizza is fantastic.
Good food and great service.  They have a tasty salad and a good beer selection.
The chicken parm pizza is awesome and the staff was very attentive
Service was bad. No beer, out of desert. Could not get a water refill glass of water
always has everything u might need when on the fly!! Pharmacy is dope too
Only one barista here. Takes FOR EVERYTHING to get your coffee.
It's now (5/4/13) called Windy City Cafe.
I'm glad I had a BOGO coupon! I will give this place another try if I have another coupon.
By far the best Gyros in the Valley.  Great Chicago Italian Beef Sandwiches also.
Food was decent, but it took nearly 35 minutes for us to get it
Great food great people ..can never go wrong huge portions and reasonable price.
My favorite club in Vegas!
2000th review my favorite club! Kaskade NYE 2013!! :D
Craziest and best club in Vegas
The place to party in vegas!!
You could not pay me to come back.
You could not pay me to come back.
Friendly owner, amazing selection, great value without the hoopla of Vegas. Refreshing find for a transplant!
It's super disappointing to crave something and have it taken away. I walked out after 30 min of my order not even being placed...
Best Sushi In My Life!! Thank You Yoshi!!
Absolutely the best sushi in Vegas !!
Great food, great service. And they offer raw wasabi, not the fake shit.
Great appetizers and food. My favorite dish is the steak tar tar.  It's amazing
Love love in n out, always amazing. Best food for being fast food.
Always fresh and fantastic!  You can never go wrong with in-n-out!
Atmosphere is nice, food is over priced for the quality.
very nice place, good service and good food. the lamb burger is perfect!
Great appetizers and bloody Mary's, not so great prices and service
This is a good place to start a night.
So glad to see a Coffee Bean here at the Palm!!!  Great coffee with great staff!!
Two eggs, hash browns, toast & jelly with sausage links for $2.45!!!
its okay. but, WHERE'S MY CHECK?? are they giving free meals to random people?
$3.95 steak and eggs upped to $4.95
Good food at an excellent price.  Fast service and friendly staff.
It's Always the same!
Food was great service was great I highly recommend Takeda Thai
A must every time we visit Las Vegas!
Crikey! We've got a screamer here but not as entertaining as Gordon Ramsey. Don't sit at the counter unless you want to hear this little spitfire lady scream out every 2 minutes: "I need a runner here!"   Oh boy, I NEED AN ASPIRIN.
Good food good service! I liked the homemade corn beef hash and Candice was great!
We had great service and great food! Candice was fantastic!
It was ok. Server left for long time and no refill on drinks.
Great food and great service by Donna!
Donna was amazing! Always there to help
One of the better breakfast places
Dope food and a great server Jonathan!
The food and the servers are always great! Donna is the absolute best!!!
Brady was our server today HE WAS ASWOME Love the hair. :)
Donna was a great server. Food is exceptional.  Awesome variety.
Perry was excellent and silo was 5he foodBest breakfast place in vegas
The food was awesome as always and our server Chelsea was amazing as well.
Its a great place to eat. Our server "PK" is awesome!
Came in for breakfast, blueberry pancakes delicious, service PERFECT with Ashley!
Jay was awesome! Food was great as usual. Eggs Benny and crepes are the bomb
Candice... Simply fabulous... Service was fast,  attentive and friendly...
Best breakfast! Great service by Eden! Will definitely be back :)
Great service and food. Daniele did a great job, very friendly
Good food... Good service... Family owned.
Awesome food, even better customer service. Definitely recommend it
Burgers are good! Such a small place but big flavor
Great theater! AND they validate your parking :)
Fabulous food. Fabulous atmosphere. Love that Frank. Excellent service.
All you need to know is lobster risotto and the Sinatra Smash
Sinatra was an excellent restaurant. The service was amazing and the staff was friendly. Not only was our waitress nice, the food was amazing. We are very happy with Sinatra and we will definitely come back.
Outstanding food and service! A must for Italian cuisine in Vegas!
Signature pan roast is pretty good!
Great people who work here. Great bagels & customer service.
Atmosphere is very good but not  delicious.
Nice assortment of dishes
2 stars cause they got rid of my fav panini the turkey artichoke!!!!!
Great food! Lackluster service
Best price and quality at the airport. Hands down
Friendly, fast and delicious.  Highly recommended.
In my top three places to go for wings outside Buffalo. Anyone who says different, has had their palette ruined by crappy chain-store wings.
We love the wings here.  Friendly atmosphere.
They have the best Red Velvet in AZ.
Fast , fair, and friendly service. They don't try to cheat you here.
Don't come here if you're in a hurry! Slow service, and food takes forever.
Best seafood in town.
Terry is wonderful, and makes the best jewelry, does wonderful nails.  A great salon
Good food, craft beer, and good service.
Loving the National Cheeseburger Day deal with a beer!
sooooooo freaking amazing!!!!!!!!! i love cinnamon rolls!!!!!!!
The best cut Jack-Jack has ever had!The women at the shop are great!
The best cut Jack-Jack has ever had!The women at the shop are great!
Love me some mcgriddles
Love there coffee they know how I like it
This place has terrible service I waited for 45 for a pizza. Do not come here.
AWESOME PIZZA! Reminds me of growing up in East Orange, NJ. Delicious!
Leuke Ierse pub! Met live muziek.
Great venison burger and wonderful atmosphere!
This bike path is awesome I really enjoy riding it! Went 18miles on it today.
The beef noodle is terrible. It is fake beef noodle.
service sucks and the food sucks.
It's stupendous for all day dim sum, noodles, and so much more!
Great food, great staff, a must to stop while in Vegas!!!
Great food & service!  Such nice people.
Great service and delicious food. Cool atmosphere and friendly people.
Chicken fried steak and eggs rocks!!!!!!!
All I can say is order the chicken fried steak. Very good gravy.
Believe the Yelp Hype. This place ROCKS!!!
Great Gravy and Fun Staff. Worth braving the heat and leaving the casino
Great people, delicious food and wonderful service! Coffee tasted delicious too!
Yeah. Just go. It was great. Nick was friendly as hell. And a Michigander to boot.
Very very good food ! I were there for breakfast.
Awesome food, super nice owner. Amazing chicken fried steak!
The best "Greek" omelette. Period!!!
Great breakfast and great staff. The Jenna wrap was so good.
Absolutely loved this place!
A+ as always! $3.00 Irish car bombs... Can't beat that, plus the awesome food!
Food is delicious. Staff is friendly and helpful. Would recommend to friends :)
As a British expat in AZ, I want to live in this place forever and ever I love you
Good, very good. Gravy is yum.
Love this place. Been here many times, never disappointed.
Smelly, hot and miserable. Hotwire said this was a 4.5 star hotel- HA! What a lie?!
Nothing special about this place, I guess you get what you pay for. Seems like everything is broken here. My no smoking room smells like smoke.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
The remodel is on point. Favorite hotel by far.
Good staff hotel is average, rooms ok. Should be cheapest
$1 games on week nights from midnight-6am
If you really want to taste the real cuban food you have to try this place.
Delicious burgers and awesome shakes
Poor service and not prepared well
Nice atmosphere and delicious food!! A little pricey but worth it!
Nice atmosphere and delicious food!! A little pricey but worth it!
The hummus is soo delish, I am loving the cilantro jalapeño flavor lately the most but they are all great !!
Food is healthy and delicious. Staff is fast and friendly. We love coming here.
Great food and great service! We visit here often.
Excellent breakfast burritos for under $4! Great horchata too.
Authentic, fresh, relatively fast, clean! No stale lemons, good asada!
I love Pita Jungle.  It has something for everyone and at a reasonable price!
This place is great!! And always a challenge!
Best Service on the planet. Always friendly and always fresh product.
Good food, great delivery service! I will definitely order from here again:)
Portions are huge! Food overall is great!
Best pizza in North Carolina!!
It's reopened!! New ownership! :)
Place for Chicagoans to go when they're homesick or want to watch a game
We came tried fron being at the NASCAR race all day.  Great food and service!
They have no men's shoe section.
Good food, good service, fast, and clean. Worth giving it a try..
I would drive miles just to eat at Joeys.  Quality food!. Great staff!
Don't come here if you're in a time crunch
Worst place ever. They tell me 15 minutes later that they don't have what I ordered!!! Could the front person not know that right away? What kind of establishment is this?  Then they charged me again with my other orders and did not credit me properly with the first order they did not give me in the first place! Unbelievable!!!
Everything was amazing- food and service top notch!
Showin' my school spirit!
Walnut shrimp was fantastic!
Great resort!  Relaxing and great service!
All I need to say is "it worths every penny we spend!"
Omg. This place is the best. The milkshakes will cure any bad day. I'm a regular....
My first visit here! Very serene and peaceful!
Ehhh it's ok bbq not the greatest worth trying if you like a dry rib
Love it here! Breakfast is the best. Great Customer service.
Best Mexican in town!!!!
Awesome food ! Best italian food I've ever had !! Great cook ! Staff was friendly !
This post office might have the laziest carries on Saturday!!!
The food service is poor, the bar service is not much better.
Super helpful!!! Will come again for an electronic needs
Fun place! Love the location!
The gal at the front desk is very nice. She informed me that she tried to get my files from my previous doctor at A woman's place. She faxed twice and called.. They still haven't sent them over. I'm so glad to be done with that place!
Get the warm chocolate chip lava cake..... Hands down amazing!!
High quality service, excellent food. Ill be BACK. I love crab fest
LOVE the food here and the staff is just as good! Lone of my fave hangouts!
Good food and a good price. Service was great!
Shout out to Ashley.   Great bartender and server   You rock!
I'd highly recommend Pat's. Trustworthy service at a fair price
Good food Nice service Great Selection.
I love this place. Go here often.
Amazing service. Great servers!!! Food was delicious.
Fresh veges and wonderful meat
They make their own roast beef and it's legit. Great sub (hero) good price.
What's with the 4.5 stars ? Food is so mediocre ....
They are now open 7 days a week! Yippee!! ;)
Service is bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Especially the cashier!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome food! Recommend this to anyone and quality is great!
Excellent great Hawaiian food and period!!!!!!If u don't believe me ask ABE!
Great food, generous servings, and live Hawaiian bands come and play on some days
Super delicious food!!! Friendly staff.. My new favorite place
Great food, great service. Highly recommend it.
Awesome. Best Hawaiian food I've ever eaten and great portions for the price.
I'm starting to love this place. It's a far cry from my time in China but the flavors are good and they are on point with orders.
Excellent food, service, and prices!!
Great food for the price.  Best sushi around in my opinion.
I love the food here. Everything ive tried is amazing.
Great supreme nachos!
Awesome brunch option! Will go back for dinner for sure!
The service is pretty rude, but the food is very good
Great for hole in the wall Chinese restaurant slightly bias as i really do like them
Food used to be better definitely has gone down hill
These guys are great.  They know their stuff and give great service!
Don't bring chocoholics here or you'll go broke
I have been visiting this place for 5 years or more!! And still love it!! Can't wait for Thursdays happy hrs!! 3 $ steins, and the basket of fries is always crispy...but my fave... Hot buffalo Chx wings, only flats w extra sauce...love the vine!! Plus they always have awesome service!
Delicious food and always very kind people working here. I recommend it for sure!
Save your $$ and don't valet - huge self-parking lot to the east!
The curry fried rice w/ cashews!! OMG!
One of my favorite restaurants
Muy mala la comida. El peor buffet que he ido
Wing flavor menu is HUGE now! Huge and delicious
Great food,  great drinks,  friendly staff.   A lot of fun nights at the BT.
The bartenders were very friendly and the wings were amazing!
Seafood pho was amazing !!!!!! I will definitely eat here more often
So so food. Atmosphere was good. No Canadian credit cards .
Fantastic pizza.  Got take out tonight was absolutely delicious.
The Santa Fe Benedict rocks !
Love this place! Awesome food
Just got into town and found this place on yelp.  Great omelettes, staff and views!
Meh. MSG overload. Cheap and mediocre food.
Wonderful customer service... Joy's staff really goes the extra mile!
Great food, slow service.
Great Italian Food! Nice atmosphere! Great service and food!
The food is great! Large portions. Delicious! My husband always wants to eat here.
The Tempe location is a great central location for clubs:)
Poor selection of products. Location is convenient.
The smell there is overwhelming... not stinky but sweet soapy-like.
Erin is awesome, totally helped me find great things and educated us on all the goodies that me and my cousin picked up! While some other round mexican chick with very messy hair on the other hand was very pushy to make quick sales... So like every place there's some good and bad everywhere.
Best. Smoothies. EVER. More places should have them!!
No longer open in the sun coast casino!!!Closed for months
Burnt ends and rib tips are to crave for! Go early to queue
Love love love anything from Black Dog. Not once have they let me down.
Service was really good, but I wasn't impressed with the food at all.
smoke duck is running out pretty soon on Thursday night
Check out my check in post
The Fire-Roasted Soup and Half Sandwich is a perfectly sized meal that satisfies without over-filled bloated feeling...
If you are from a different part of the U.S. you will know this place as Panera Bread. These places are awesome!
Friendliest Dutch Bros in the business.
Ok service and overall product, however overpriced for what you get
The beer in this place is very cold...and the bartenders are very cute and sweet!
Been here a few times for a local book club. Atmosphere is nice and food is good.
Gorgeous units! Check in is behind flamingo
This is a good village inn, clean with good food and service, I come here often.
Good food,  not too much on the personality side!  I highly recommend this place!
Authentic, local, awesome!
Hurry happy hour ends at 7!
They have great burgers and sandwiches. Definitely a place to come back to.
Great food and very friendly staff. A for sure if you are in the area
Stayed 2 nights.  Very clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommended!!
I love the sweet smell of the Aria
Very cool, high tech rooms!
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. It's soooo gorgeous.
I contracted a bacterial stomach infection from their buffet!!
The best place on earth
The best hotel ever. Clean , modern, up to date, beautiful, and worth every penny.
poor waitress service in the casino!! bad!!!
Fantastic hotel with fantastic service.
Will definitely be back and will highly recommend to all my family and friends.
Small pool, inconsistent service, overpriced under quality spa, and watch your bill for incorrect charges.
Clean and modern love it.
Ask for a high floor, the view is amazing
Excellent room service!
OMG! 2 beautiful for words 2 describe. Brand new shiny,sleek & modern...City Center in Vegas is a marvelous Gem. OK, we'll stay 4 2 nites
Service. Service. Service.
Hanged out here in May 2013.  Incredibly lush, amazing service and superbly clean!
Perfect.   It's exactly what I think of when I think of Chinese food.
19.95 lunch and 22.95 dinner all u can eat
The All you can eat sushi is $24.99 for dinner and has so much to offer. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a good sushi spot in Chinatown.
Always busy but great sushi
Love the Sushi always fresh!!
excellent service!! food was great!!!
Service was fast and everything tasted great
This place is da bomb and if anyone says otherwise they're taste buds must be fakd
Jayden was awesome!!!!
Great service...had a birthday party and they were very accommodating! Happy hour 3 - 6pm. Food is excellent...order duck tacos tapas
Happy hour mini duck tacos amazingMy new favorite.  Give them a try
Love this place because this is the closet to what I enjoy back home in Hawaii.
It's basically a store front, there's no seating, but they seem to love offering you samples.
Excellent poke! Fresh and delicious! I love this place!
Their poke reminds me a lot of back home in Hawaii. I love the spicy ahi.
Great selection of wine
Iove the food but hate the wait. That's the only thing that keeps us from going.
Where gamblers go to die or loose their teeth.
Best barber in all the land!
So fresh and so clean..clean!
The best hair cuts around. My boys haircuts are always on point.
This place sucks waited 20 mins  never got any service  finally just left
Why do hikers assume its better to leave your dogs poop in a plastic bag on the trail than to just leave the poop? They never return to claim their poop bags.
Good food and pretty quick. Had the quesadilla and my wife had the crab cakes. Both were very good, though the crab cakes may not be very filling. Tons of chips with the chips and salsa.
Great flavors! You would love this place!
Great service and great seafood! All u can eat deals are completely worth it.
Delicious burger and shake! I highly recommend it!
The people are nice the food is great my favorite is the grilled cheese and fries
Easily my favorite Filipino restaurant ever of all-time hands down.
Just ate there tonight! Great tasting food and the Halo halo was excellent!
field good, food good, employees hospitable, horrible parking!!!!!  horrible!!!!!
Not the best coffee but they have lots of seats and a good view of Lake Monona.
This place is awesome. Great good.
You have to try the Red Velvet Cheesecake. It's unbelievable!
Service and food was good.
Always enjoyable here plus Mojito's.
Omg meatloaf and mash potatoes
Great food great drinks but food took a little longer than normal
Best show in Vegas. No matter how many times
Beau spectacle... Gratuit ce qui est rare à Vegas,  tous les 1/4 d'heure après 20h
Still a line 30 min before closing. Crazy!
Best Buffet in Vegas!
If you want lunch/dinner get here before 2:30pm so you pay lunch prices but get dinner food items!!!
Their desserts are amazing. ESpecially the crepes
my fav buffet in vegas
Good value lots of locals
One of the best buffets in Las Vegas.  Prime rib and crab legs are a must.
They always do a great job for us. Great pizza and an attentive staff.
Free buffet with your players card . Worth 80 $ for 2 people. Love it.  :)
Great hotel and service. Amazing food at Anthony's.
Best place for donuts hands down!
No complaints here! Fresh, fast and a variety of flavors. Friendly staff.
So amazing. This place is great.
Great selection, quality and friendly place.
No thank have a nice day I guess....
Always have a good selection. Crab night is the night to go. All you can eat.
Amazing coffee! It's fresh and the people there are nice.
They have trivia night! Jackpot! Great ORGANIC coffee and awesome atmosphere.
Cute establishment and neat patio seating. Inside is a bit small and coffee was ok.
As always very good food! Never a bad item!
Authentic French cafe...total hidden gem!
We loved it so much we had lunch here twice in our 3-day stay!
Much better than I expected!  Very family friendly and good service.
Very funky place without all the tourists.  Super good coffee, especially the mocha.
Love this place. I have been going  here for years and it is consistently great. Sit at the bar for best service.
Excellant breakfast, usually take my clients here prior to showing homes.
I just ate TWO generations of chicken for breakfast...BOO-YAH!
Love this place! Great food, good atmosphere. Staff is really nice.
Good homestyle breakfast. You can tell by foot traffic it's a local favorite.
There was a paper clip in my pizza.  Enough said.
Really great calzones
Good food! Believe one of the best Indian food in Phoenix area.
Lovely place. Great food. Marvelous environment.
Lovely place. Great food. Marvelous environment.
Good value on lunch special
Open late past 9pm? ? ? Awesome! Cheap prices too
Yummy and good food! Definitely coming back.
Just drove 40 miles for my CAFE MIX fix! Not been disappointed yet.
Eh this place is ok for takeout once in a while.
Service is great as is the food! The only drawback is no beer on tap.
Henry really took care of me today. Speedy checkin, pleasant service, free upgrade.
Best pizza ever! The white pizza is my favorite. Great price too.
Do yourself a favor - order every type of bruchetta and triple up on the Tomato Jam! These are delicious and fun to share with friends.
Tuscan tuna. I have dreams about you.
Excellent wine, food, and service!
Great food crappy service and they tried to over charge us for 2 drinks wow!!
Great food, drinks, and service. Absolutely love coming here with friends.
Sunday morning, free yoga class at 9:30am.
Sunday buffet for $13
Best foot massage in scottsdale !!You will not be disappointed
Showed up on Sunday at 11 am and enjoyed an awesome buffet.
Great place except for ask for extra crisply wings and got medium rare
Get the Ultimate Fajitas and Queso chese sauce you will love it!!!
Food not that great prices Are no bargain this place is not as good as it should be
Food not that great prices Are no bargain this place is not as good as it should be
Quaint place to meet for coffee or a meal
Always great food and service.
$10 Visitor drop in rate if your coach emails them to let them know you're dropping by
Tried the clubhouse burger.  YUCK,
Best friesQuick drive thruGood service
Imortant: if you are traveling from JFK on Delta make sure you check your gate. If you are at the C gate, they will have to bus you to your gate. Get there early or you will miss your flight.  Great stewards, free overhead bag, & not too extensive food. I'm digging them
The service was great and thy were on time I would defiantly us them again
No complaints here, the food was phenomenal! Wish we had these back in FL.
One of my favorite lunch spots. Never gotten a meal here I didn't like.
Don't speak English  way over priced always a hassle not worth the time or money
Great spicy edamame is to die for!
Garlic tuna roll and Vegas roll were amazing !
We used to love this place... everything changed. Even the name.
Awesome place to stay !! Great service close to a bunch of stores
Love luci's! Everything is yummy!
Wonder service! :D  I recommend this place to everyone.
Great coffee! Very quick service and low prices.
Worst steak burrito, ever.
Overpriced, low quality ingredients. An insult to burritos everywhere.
A wonderful experience coming into the door
This has closed only does catering now closed closed closed not there any more etc
Lexi is such a hottie. Thats reason enough to sign up ;)
Use your smartphone to access the website for coupons to save $3-$5 depending on the service. Show your phone to the cashier, all they need is the code.
Best car wash in town!
This is place is great! Great wash and detail!!
Classic is my favorite car wash in the valley!You will not be disappointed.
This place is really cool and fast.  I always bring my car here for a wash.
Been coming here for years. Great service. They consistently do a good job
This car wash has excellent customer service!
Very good service and oil change was a good value!
I've been coming here for years and they do a fantastic job!!
They did an excellent job. It took over an hour for a deluxe wash.
Always pleased. Quick service, efficient, and friendly!
So yummy and fast. The staff is always super nice here. Great lunch spot
Great cafe! One of my new favorites.
Amazing garlic knotts & Zeppoles! Definitely going back!
How you dream of pizza tasting!
The pizza was so greasy that when I grabbed it the grease would run down my hands
What a charming place with great food and personable staff!!
Good food. Good service. Nice owners
Steve is a tremendous trainer. Since joining Sommet, I have gone from 22% body fat down to around 10%-- in less than 7 months. They provide excellent coaching for workouts outside of the gym and advice on supplements to aid in training. It has been well worth the investment in my health and fitness!
Get ready to wait! I was there for 2 hours and never saw the doctor.
please bring this to california!
This one is awful... Stay away
WARNING! Make sure the TECHNICIAN giving immunization shot to your child knows what they're doing. It was my son's first appointment and my son was up for 4 shots. The technician prep the first leg, gave the first 2 shots than went to the second leg without prepping and gave the other 2 shots EVEN when I prompted her. Then she tells me "I'm sorry, I forgot". That place needs to be check for competency. These are kids you're working with !!! NEVER AGAIN !!!
the worst ever plz for ur safety do not stay here
The best pizza supreme large I have had all my life, not kidding.
Best Mexican food around, huge plates
Very friendly staff, good food, good experience.
Have it your way - starting with the burger itself: Beef, Chicken, Salmon, Turkey, or Veggie
Great burgers. Greats beers. Who could ask for more?
Audrey's can't say no sundae
Ee cha for mikes bday
The wait is too long!
Crazy mad Spring Break crowds!
The crab cake Benedict is all lump meat and very filling. Delicious!
Orrreo Frozen Hot Chocolate with candied almonds - delicious!
Everything looks tasty. Lines long but that's usually a good sign
20 min wait with lots of tables available and barely anybody on labor day WTF????
Over priced and over hyped.
Big portions. Share your food!
Check in on Foursquare for a free frozen hot chocolate with a $10 purchase
Frozen hot chocolate..... Mmmmmm
Super mediocre .  Words added to met min word counts. This limit is dumb.
Waited long line for hot chocolate!! Theyre sold out!
Service is aweful. Expect 15 mins for coffee and 1/2 hr for your food to come.
The Frozen Hot Chocolate was very amazing. Just get one at the bar...it was faster.
Nice atmosphere on the patio but the food was below average.
Did not live up to expectations at all. Skip and find a better dessert stop.
Requested no onions. Burger smothered in onions. Waitress blamed kitchen.
Food was old and extremely expensive
We have always had pleasant people that work there, food is always been spot on.
Beef it up Wednesday Brisket platter $9.99
Great beer  and food but cheesy set up... However very nice back patio
Good food, beer land music. As authentic as you're going to get in the U.S.
I'm impressed so far... Sitting at the bar and its not smokey
This place is bad @$$!! Nice and dark for some decent day-drinking action, great food, and not too smokey!
Service much improved
I just ordered lemonade and it cost me $5.50! Are u fucking serious!
greatest breakfast place is North America
More expensive than sf market, but they do have fresher produce
Great hookah bar! Justin the bartender really hooked it up, manager was a lil ehh...
Great service, Tommy was great help with food choices. Great atmosphere
Awesome food and view. I go here about 3 times a week because it's that good.
Jacob is an awesome barber and V's is way better than that place across the street!
Belgian Waffle w/ fresh Strawberries
It's set up a lot like Subway.
WiFi password is really complicated.
Very nice clean place. Very comfortable atmosphere. Give u bottle water
Levi was great and super fast.
Levi is a great dude gets there quick
Fast and very friendly. Highly recommend Levi!
Nice clean neighborhood restaurant. Good food. Great people. Consistent!
A healthier way to eat fast food
I'm drunk but I feel that I have a duty to rate this place! Tex-Mex hip hop!
Awesome food great new micro beers !!! Great service and people always a fun time !!
Cherry tarts are the best!
The waffles are where it's at!
Great place for coffee, treats and meetings!
Trop cher pour les résultats mais quand même bon
I won't say food is something to die for but the ladies were very polite.
Never fails... Terrible service and more than likely they mess up my order.
You'll read a lot about trying the "Golden Gazpacho." Believe the buzz, it's delicious.
Great food in a delightful atmosphere.
Great middleastern and Italian  food also great soups
Great dining experience, wonderful service and excellent Thai food!
Amazing! Had the pad puck with shrimp and will definitely keep going back!
Panang curry double chicken w/ brown rice level 8 is BOMB.COM
Great food, good serves and great Poaple.Liverpool steak my favourite
I like me some ice cream
Great product. Service sucks. Door hours say 11 but they close before then.
Horrible service and food
Best burger and sandwich joint ever! Great food and super friendly atmosphere.
Over rated, slow and dirty. .. don't do it....
Best burgers in the valley. Period.
Worst fried rice ever!  Rice had the consistency of pudding
I love their "Georgia Peach" yogurt.
4 dollar deal all you can fit in cup!!!!
4 dollar deal all you can fit in cup!!!!
This place always has a long wait, but it's well worth it.
Well, service is mediocre and food was cold. Won't be back here anytime soon.
Great farmers market pretty decent prices!
Love it here!!! Mmmmm new menu items and new sauces! Servers are great! New "captains" are so helpful and informative.
der food was ok but der meat was kind of hard to chew i would not go bavk
Awesome, awesome, awesome! Food is phenomenal and the guac is worth ordering. Won't be disappointed!
The egg torta is the best.
Fanatic funky place. It's dive-ish but great. The food is wonderful, drinks are tasty.
Wednesday nights are a must go !
Wednesday nights are a must go !
Shrimp and grits! To die for
Spectacular food! Pork belie and Ahi Tuna Tacos with guacamole need I say more?
Literally the best beef torta I've ever tasted!
Lunch menu isn't great. Dinner is decent. Would avoid coming for lunch.
Good take out. Consistent quality. Chicken fried rice is always good.
Beautiful, clean spacious studio. Teachers are devoted and fabulous.
Giant slice of homemade carrot cake and huge latte for $5?!  Amazing
Rude customer service.  Go get some skills!
Kickin tapas with some top notch sushi and open late? Killer bar too!
Kickin tapas with some top notch sushi and open late? Killer bar too!
Food and drinks were awesome. The pork belly tacos are the truth!!!! I'll be back!
This is only my favorite place in the WORLD to eat...
Sugar free white mocha iced
Better than Filibertos.
A little more expensive than Filiberto's but the service and food is very good.
Two dozen times eating and never a bad visit! Green chili fries very good
Two dozen times eating and never a bad visit! Green chili fries very good
As always - very inconsistent.
Super nice and helpful. Delicious too.
Friendly service, but food was just average.
Surprisingly uncrowded for Sunday afternoon.  Big portions, lunch prices for the win!
Service was slow.  Food was mediocre. Ambiance was like Cheesecake Factory
Quick service with a smile.  We go every day.
This place sucks plain and simple I won't be coming back.
Definitely recommended especially for Asian's haircut. The lady is so sweet :)
Been coming here since they first opened. The best burgers around. Great service.
CLOSED!  Tried to go there today and it's gone :(. Sorry to see it go, I enjoyed it.
Excellent place for well priced merch.Love that they rep SeedlesS!
Le tartare de saumon est excellent! Bel ambiance. Je recommande chaudement.
Nothing special. Hamburger had no flavor. Ketchup very runny. Hard to keep on fries
Great pizza, HORRIBLE SERVICE and mean and cranky staff
Mmmm... First time here. Foods amazing!!!
Incredible food and service.
Loved the cozy atmosphere. Drinks were good too.
Best theater in town hands down! Very friendly staff!
Woo hoo I'm at big hero 6 and loving it
Comfy, leather, reclining seats! Feels like sitting on a cloud.
Super yummy and fresh and nice staff!
Sign up for Parma's VIP Club by texting "PARMA" to 90210 for a free cannoli when dining in! I'm all up on that.
Fast, large portions , fair price.
Amazing food at amazing price! Service was very fast!
Beautiful hotel inside and out! Very friendly and knowledgeable staff!
Erica is great, she knows her business!!
Honest, local, and awesome work!
I was very impressed with service and repair I received! Good job!
Great people,  great food. Stop in and you won't be disappointed.
Microwaved food over over over seasoned gyro meet horrible food and very expensive
People who run it are so nice and the food is really good!!!!!
Great food, atmosphere and fun for game watching!!
Get the curry poutine extra spicy.
Rules to remember. $5 CAD for 24 hours$100 depositRedock every 30 minutes to avoid extra charges. Wait 2 minutes between redocking and taking the bike out. You may take out the same bike. Just wait the 2 minYou'll get your deposit back but it may take up to 10 business days.
love this place. Great food, great prices.
Instant mashed potatoes? Really? $75 dinner for 4 people and we were served INSTANT mashed potatoes.
I was not very impressed by this place at all
0 stars!! This has got to be the worst service in town!
Very fresh fruit. Raspberries are to die for! Awesome employees too--
Tons of froyo options to choose from! Cheesecake is by far my favorite!
Yash you rock! Really a nice guy... btw...he's not my friend :)
Love this place  a large selection of yogurt and topping  kids loved it
Have a lavender lemon martini!
A great place to pose with friends.
The rosemary bread is huge!
Best drunk sandwich concept- had itFor lunch :) Recommend adding egg to anything!!
This place happy hour is amazing!! And try the kielbasa and Chz add a egg
I Love Love this place Yummy in my Tummy& the Food was Deelish
Awesome atmosphere and food. Staff are excellent!
Location no longer exists!
Sam is awesome.  Great prices and friendly staff!
I've frequented this restaurant for a few years. Good food and friendly service.
Amazeballs custom cupcakes!
Excellent food and service. The banana pudding is great!
Slow service and food is nothing spectacular.
Like this place very much. Will come back often!
If your looking for stupid good pizza, pasta, & drinks--go 2 the Parlor!!
One of the best pizzas in town.  Food is reasonably priced.
Love this place! Food is excellent, service was outstanding!
Great food. Cool restaurant. ..favorite of the kids and i.
Worst company. Stay away. Big big deceivers.
Just as fantastic as my last visit.
Dive into this incredible buffet 10 bucks. 5star
Definitely my favorite Indian place in town.
The food was great . Price is right. Warm atmosphere.
Food was great; service even better!  When you get here ask for Laxman or Prakas!
Best indian in town without a doubt. Great lunch buffet.
The Best indian buffet  in las vegas.. highly  recommended  for indian food lovers..
Fantastic food great value good service
It was really good lunch. Great food & great service.
The food was very good. The service was really good too. Everyone was very nice.
Brilliant food, delicious dessert, attentive staff, cordial owner.
Probably the best indian food I had! Highly recommended
Awesome environment owner extremely personable. Best Indian food buffet in town
Great service, great recommendations, great food, great place.
Excellents légumes de saison !
Check the expiration date before you purchase.
Rotten Rotten Rotten Veggies and fruit!
It's a nice place. Good host.
Thai food off the strip. Where the thai families get their grub on.
Great spot for late night Thai food cravings!
Excellent place absolutely great open late
This place is great. Local service, local prices but good quality work.
Very authentic Japanese food. I have not had food like this since I visited Japan.
Great place to grab a few drinks- very loud and busy though.
First time here fot the number #23 and the patato soup. I like it a lot
Not a fan, waiter had an attitude. So much so they gave us another waiter.  The wine we ordered was "not in the warehouse"
The 30 day aged NY steak is incredible.
don't be fooled by the beautiful presentation & architecture...the food & service is borderline disappointing :(
Decent food .. Service was good didn't love the omelet at all. Cool scenery though
Margherita pizza was okay, nothing special. Service was good.
Very good breakfast here.
Kept waiting in a line for a Buffett at entrance for 20 minutes ... No excuses!!!)
Delicious! Get the fettuccine alfredo!
This was a big disappointment I would never eat here again
forgettable and bland. even the Chirozzi lacked flavor
Good bufet , la comida es buena aunque no tan variada como otros buffet
Food was horrible over cooked and dry! Would not recommend ever!
Worst buffet in Las Vegas !Worst service and very pricey!Do not go pleeeeaaase!
good food, good service, reasonable price! can't complain!
Excellent dairy free yogurt!
If you're hungover: Get the chicken noodle soup! I could eat bowls for days.
Cheapest breakfast on this end of the strip considering most the hotels at this end are way overpriced for very cheap food. Go to Dennys and save your money for other fun.
Love this spa. I think it's the best in Vegas.
Been here a few times, food is great, service is okay, will definitely go back.
Fantastic food and service. My fave of the trip!
Food and service - Perfect , delicious , but the bathrooms , not so much !
This place is amazing, service is impeccable
Try the duck salad. And don't forget about dessert!
Amazing ambiance, great food and drinks....Great place for a romantic dinner!
Never disappointed with the crispy duck salad and veggie dim sum platter!!
Great place, I come here weekly and food is always tasty and staff always friendly.
The staff make this place five stars.  Beverages are very good too.
Love that this place is close by my work! I always come for the rolled tacos!
Tire d'Érable? What not to like?
The green tea and taro flavors are really good!!
Bring your own mug for a discount on your joe!
A small pho here is just like a large compare to the other pho restaurants.
Quality food and fresh pho!
Food is ok..Service is terrible.Server lady's naver small......Pho is good taste.
Good food...good service. .very comfortable  place to eat..
Food is good. The dinner for 4 is quick, easy, and feeds the entire family.
Outstanding food!  Very nice people!  Awesome service.
they deliver - foods great !!!
Great friendly service!! Food was cooked perfectly and tasted great!
It is very dangerous to come here with the wifey!
great items but very aggressive employees
Don't eat here, go for the $8 slice of pizza down a little farther.
Menu is too small. Food was average.i didnt like it ...
Off the hook good! Definitely the real deal.
I don't know why we need a bigger tv. Not necessary.
Poor geek squad customers service. And an inability to solve the issue
Great service and very detailed in the eye exam.
Bomb pizza, so good fork and knife kinda pizza so delicious almost ate the whole pizza. We got a small had two monster pieces left almost cried when I forgot the leftover box at the table when we left :( came back tonight with our littles because the wait was 3 hrs for the cheese cake factory. Pregnant and I really love the pizza its a fail safe for any night out.
First place that actually refillef my drink!
Use this restaurant for business meetings.  Great food & friendly staff!
Service was spot on and the Lemon-Pepper dry rub hit the spot.
Great wing's and atmosphere.
Always a great place to stay.Very clean, and attentive.
best  place in vegas, delicious cakes I ever see
My burger was burnt Onion rings burnt pretty disappointing
Petit resto absolument délicieux!
Best breakfast in down town Glendale, hands down.
Monthly membership is so worth it!!
Honest, thorough and competent.  I wholeheartedly recommend this shop!
typical ny type pizza. ok
Great and friendly service., very clean and organized Starbucks.
Great fabulous restaurant! Love the chai tea and sticky mango rice!!
The dumplings are amazing!
Average of four stars?All of you are insane. The food here is amazing.
Came here the second time yesterday and the food is still as fantastic as always!!
Yum yum and yum.  Food is excellent, service is excellent, my favorite!
Best Thai in madison.  Yummy iced coffee, delicious curry.
We need Dunkin Donuts in California
Pretty fast. Classic Dunkins!
Some of the best subs around. I think.
Thanks to this place I will never eat Jimmy Johns or Subway again!!
Yum! Had the sea salt caramel and it was awesome!
I love this bar! Cheap drinks and the pool area is great.
Jessica at the bar was great! Very personable.
The drinks are very weak and the service was terrible.
Fast service, always fresh food. Great value.
Love this place.  pho !
Great broth! Very authentic with a ton of flavor!
Good pho!!! Rice plates too...Fast service and reasonably price. yum yum
Awesome service ! Correction ordered .. Fast picks ! Good area
The rooms are beautiful and staff was nice
Great work, very fair price and great attention to detail.
First time here. Lets see
This was a nice friendly family restaurant. Their homemade soup was delicious!
Awesome place to eat outside seating !!!!!!Staff was in training ok service !!!!!!
Great place to late night after hitting some breweries nearby
Save your money . This place is ridiculous .
Another perfect massage from Celesst this afternoon!  Always a serene experience.
Don't bother!  The view is the only thing they have! What a joke!
One of Moon Valley's hidden treasures! Great breakfast!
They are so over priced that it is ridiculous.
Very , very good. Great atmosphere don't let the front entrance fool you.
All the soda flavors are flat.
Thanks Fredericos, I shit my pants for two weeks because of your carne! :)
Such nasty food! I don't recommend it to anyone
Very accommodating with the games on. Fresh guacamole is amazing. Wonderful staff
Great food and service every time.  Huge shakes.
As of Feb 2014, all prices at this airport location have gone up by at least 30% across the board. $11 for a dinky 7.5 inch Quiznos sub? No thanks. Very disappointing!
One of the few places where you can get a coffee / food on the outside of security. Make sure you mark the location!  Second Floor (baggage on zero).
My coffee was good but the service at this location was horrible!
Fabulous food and service!!!
Gluten free pancakes! Can't wait!
Bad bad service.   Great food.  Too bad.
Unbelievably slow service! They either need less tables or more help.
No complaints, all delicious B)
Excellent food, service and environment. A must try!
not a big fan of kbbq but had lots of selection and fairly cheap with good service
Specials start at 11 pm and they are open until 6 am. Late night snack anyone?
shot shot shots for birthday girl
They like the Chickenhawks..they must suck..stay away!
Need more bartenders!
Service was terrible.
Was lured by the $5 meal. As it turns out the $5 meal is overpriced by about $4.50.
Not impressed with the service!
Great service and friendly staff! Unacceptable wait times in their drive thru.
I got a hard burnt bun with my cheeseburger. I definitely won't be back
The best sushi chef in Vegas!!!
Some of the pizza pie around anywhere in Charlotte.
Yummy and gourmet bean burger !
Holly is an amazing technician and great foot massager. She just moved from Calif.
Don 't go crazy with your burger loading.  Stuck with maybe three add-ons and enjoy.  Too many toppings = yuck and you won 't be able to taste the great beef.
Get a Royal Players Card for awesome food deals! As your first time...you will get a 2-for-1 deal. No coupon or discount can be combined with a member card use though.
Awful service!  Terrible place!
Ahh, heaven! Cinnamon graham yogurt with peppermint chips!
Great yogurt, great selection of toppings.
Always super clean and tasty! Love this place!
Bad service and took forever for food. Not impressed.
I love spending 30 minutes in the drive thru!
If they screw up you have to pay for it
Get Starbucks when you're here. It's cheaper!!!!
Great food, fabulous service!
Food was pretty good. However, the service was pretty bad.
Ironically, the sushi is bomb.
Great food excellent service. Highly recommended it would definitely come back.
Best service. . Great food!!!
When you drive for 7/8 hours it is great to use a gift card at a place that accepts a military ID when you use your debt card.
Lunch buffet is so good!  And the staff really couldn't be nicer.
Indian buffet for $7.99...
Awesome food. Never knew this gem was so close to me downtown. Loved it!
Best donuts ever!! Crispy creams has nothing on Bosa. Glaze for days.
Their donuts taste great and prices are very reasonable!
The yogurt was good and the crepe was ok a little pricey but ok
Great place to eat if you are tired of the expensive joints on the strip.
The tacos here take a while to be prepared but are worth the wait.
Really good tostadas and tacos. Awesome decor. Cheap prices. Can't beat it
Amazing taste and amazing value. Get the potato ones!
Probably the worst place to get a drink because the service is so awful.
Most appropriately named restaurant ever
Love the place always.. Deluxe spicy chicken sandwich is my all time favourite
Does anyone know if he still open I called multiple times but no answer or call back
Fun atmosphere! The only problem is deciding what to eat the food is delicious!
always a bad experience, chips and salsa suck. portions are small and taste is bad
Excellent in every possible way.
This place is closed down
Hands down best Cuban restaurant in Arizona. The Cubano sandwich is amazing!!!
Simple repairs done great. Super cheapFamily place
Food & beer very good. Service horrible!! Sunday menu very limited.
Good service good food lots of drink options the brunch is super good.
Amy Horne is amazing! I can't wait to get my hair done again!
John Leslie drinks here, remember him? Oh and the nachos are quite good...
Bomb.com love this place and it's yummy drinks and Popsicles!
Great Service and great food. Priced accordingly. We've never had a bad meal here
Easily my favorite Charlotte venue.
The stupid fries are stupidly good!
Best PhatAss Chicken Sammich eva!
How does this store stay in business?
Great customer service. Fast, knowledgeable and would highly recommend them.
nice room with ALL the amenities! however the free wifi leaves ALOT to be desired...super slow!!
I wonder which escaped convict is going to try to up sell me today.
Last visit ever. Never going back. If I could leave no stars, I would. Don't bother.
yum.  best pho in phx.
Sarah! Is "AWESOME SAUCE" I highly recommend her.
Excellent place to tan, clean, and customer service is excellent!
Was told they don't serve crab legs anymore and found out they did by a customer !
Dunkin Donuts always does a good job
Bad food no flavor at all... Very disappointed
The food was delicious. The service was great. I really enjoyed it.
Friendly staff, Delicious & fresh food, fast service! Highly recommended;)
The fries are great.  Very clean, staff very nice. Great service!
Great place for Maki rolls on Wednesday.
Excellent Chinese food! I love the salt n pepper shrimp and pork chops!
Best chinese restaraunt in Vegas!! Food is yummy and always great service !!
Fries are awesome, but the food was overpriced.
Bathroom in this place is disgusting. I went at 6 pm and they appeared to have not been cleaned for the day nor was there any toilet paper. Why would you ever buy food with a place with such a disgusting bathroom
Happy hour was great! And the fried goat cheese is a must have
The service is impeccably spectacular!
Blueberry banana bread!!!
Great shakes....best healthy drink I've ever had....try it you will like it.
Amazing bartenders and incredible happy hour with some great microbrews.
Loved it! Microbrews, bbq wings, patriots football. Forgot i was in vegas.
Worst service and food I have ever experienced at McDonald's l have ever been to
Generally good service at a fair price. Double check your reservations.
It was good but overpriced...sorry but hot dogs? And you gave it a fancy name..oh no
Awesome customer service , and most importantly good service
Another great experience! Thanks guys!!
I love the Bento Box lunches, such a steal and always amazing!!
Delicioso!  Friendly  and affordable. Happy hour is the best.
Great food, great prices. Amazing happy hour!
Slow, slow,slow!!! That's all I can say.
Don't come in. Their priority is the drive thru. Don't waste your time.
Most dysfunctional chipotle ever.  Bad service, Bad portions, bad chipotle
Pretty delicious chipotle alternative!
Great restaurant, Veronica was an excellent caretaker of our table.
Love this place. Service is spectacular!
James is a great hair stylist!
Kathy is the best, she knows how to cut every kind of hair
To much money to get in
Literally the best Greek food I've ever had!!! Highly recommend!!
Delicious, Fresh, Nice atmosphere
Killer gelato!! Yum:)
So rude!!!! I hate them
Yumm! Yumm! Yumm! Did I say Yumm?
Framboise on tap = delicious
JD is awesome,  he picked  the perfect beer for us.
Just redeemed my Carls Rewards for a free meal !!!!!!
It was good a bit more pricey than I'm use to but good.
Always an awesome atmosphere, and the food with service is top notch!
Drive in is open on Sunday's!
Awesome food!!! Awesome owner Cesar is the best!!! Really big portions
Very nice environment, warm staff.
No crap on tap. Best happy ahr n' tahn.
Everything about this place was absolutely great!
Try southwest omelette.. Good service.. very nice location
Best Sunday brunch ever. Defiantly worth the experience.
I can't have a latte from anywhere else.. It's always busy for a reason.
Wow!!!  Good chili.  Good fries!  Best buffalo chicken sandwich I've ever tasted!!!
Amazing veggie burger here. Really well run place.
Gotta love the milkshakes here, love me some bad daddy's
Best burger in Charlotte. Awesome service. Great beer selection.
Awesome Burgers! 3 words... Deep Fried Bacon... enough said. Can't wait to go back.
omg the best place ever!!! food is amazing and they are accommodating!!!!
Good times.   Stuffed shrooms. Meh.   Great wings
Major disappointment!  The food and service were horrible.
Google their "secret menu" to order special prepared items!
Delicious burgers and always fast and friendly service.  One of my favorites!
I love this place. The new owner Mike is pretty awesome.
Great people, great service, great prices. Love this place!
great food and service! the grilled octopus melts in your mouth
Very friendly and prompt service.
First Saturday if the month is crazy fun with DJ Tim Walters! ;-)
When I'm not on the mat, I love me some LA Fitness.  Close to home and work so it's always convenient :)
It was the best chicken and waffles ever and the service very friendly
The best soul food I had in Vegas by far
Food:   Delicious Service:    Awesome Price:   Very ReasonableWILL BE BACK !!
Best soul food in Vegas by far!!! Great service!! Thanks Alyson and Q!
Great service foods good prices are good too
Food was awesome as usual!!! Could not finish it, but took it to my hotel.
I love it here! Especially for lunch ... it's fresh and totally easy!
Terrible service during the weekdays. Food is nasty also.
Love this place! So convenient and I always find something new to try!!
This is excellent Thai food by real Thai people!Good experience in all areas
Great place on Tuesday for cheap tacos and beers.
Cheesecake bites!!!! Still need more varieties of ice cream though
You have to bring your own basketball but they have a great court!
Facility is great. Staff sucks
Never Ever take your dog here to be groomed!!!
Love this place. The employees are nice and helpful. I love all the wine.
Very small men's section
Shoe lady is the rudest person ever!! She had no respect for customers she horrible
Super horrible Indian restaurant to visit in Vegas. The food is too pricy. The lady over there was too harsh and service was pathetic. I would never recommend this place.
Easy walking distance from the Renaissance Southpark hotel. Healthy beakfast selections look tasty as well.
Their bloody marys have bacon!
Food is decent but expensive for what you get.
Food is decent but expensive for what you get.
Red velvet waffle is soooooo good!  Will try the chicken and waffles next time...
Best sandwiches in town
great food and wonderful and helpful staff.
Solid place to get your food.  Really good toasted sandwiches.  Good atmosphere too.
Bring your hubby here to pick out his own gift.  done and done
Awesome food. Dan Dan chicken noodles is superb. Very good ambience too.
The fried tofu is awesome. Beef noodle is very flavorful.
Amazing food and good service. I'm addicted! Can't wait to eat here again
it was good but took too long and paid way too much but whatever now I know so ya
Slept here. Very clean and nice. Comfortable.
A must when visiting Arizona. This small hike was breathtaking!
Saw a groupon on this place and let me tell you.. it was super worth it. Me and my boyfriend will definitely be back :) sweet potato fries were delicious! Plus the service was excellent!
Tyler was awesome..... Nice guy very helpful!
Great food !!!! We had super fast service ! :))) I would definitely recommended !!!!
Much better.. Sorry Von's.
TRy, pretty good. Worth it. Very good.It is my first time. It was worth to go.
Excellent portions, quality, and staff. Breakfast and lunch can't be beat!
Great service! Tim was awesome, very friendly and professional.
Great customer service! They were very polite and accommodating!
I've been coming here for years and will not go anywhere else! Very clean and comfy!
This place is awesome!
One of our favorite places.  Great food and service. They give teachers free drink.
Blonde hostess has no people skills and rude as fuck
Good, Clean and dependable. Free wifi.  I go out of my way to do my laundry here.
Nice place, like the coffee.  Lots of snacks and baked goods too.  Could double their business by getting comfortable chairs
Coffee is great but they don't have Splenda.
This place is fucking worthless.
Excellent food and service!
I enjoyed the food and the selection.  Best $6 buffet ever
Yelp let me down on this one. The food lacked flavor. We won't be going back.
Closed- remove it YELP. Sheesh!!!There is no Havana cuisine.
Viet Kitchen has superb food. Friendly staff who are welcoming
So good!! Highly recommend the pho soup. The spring rolls are great too
They are amazing! They help you and explain and answer EVERYTHING!!!
They have a pastry called the crostada and it is delicious. It's like a breakfast casserole in a pie shell
Best Mexican food in Vegas
Great food and our server was the best, find Morri at the bar
Some of the best Mexican food we've ever had!
Best Tacos. Best everything. Love this place!
Saturday nights from 8:30-11pm is karaoke. The ambiance and service are exceptional!!
The best of the best as far as Mexican food in the entire Las Vegas valley!
Great food. Good atmosphere.  The lines speak for themselves.
Lively atmosphere & killer pozolè & it's available all the time...... Score.
Excellent food and great customer service!  Will always come back!
Great food, crappy service every time.
Great food, music, staff...all around good time. Have never been disappointed
My folks get fresh fish from here. Always very excellent tasting.
Try the scooter its solid.
They used to be good but lately are over cooking everything. Wings are very dry.
"Cards and Stationary" and license plate cuff bracelets, and screen printed PGH Tees for babies and grown-ups, and hand bound journals, and books, and... Well you check it and add your own.
This place is amazing. Get all your lattes hot - they actually make the designs on top! Honey vanilla latte is amazing.
Love this place! Very relaxed enviorment and great place to come to study.
Good customer service and quick!!
They are always so consistent. Love when they put bling bows on the dog ears.
this place is garbage do not come here the people are rude as hell!!!!!
The BBQ chicken is magnificent. I prefer the Carolina Gold sauce. The corn bread is mouthwatering and you should finish with Banana pudding!
Hamburger with animal sauce
Stuffed cabbage - yum!
Don't waste your money... luckily we got a heavy discount
Super boring, do not waste your time.
There are 100,000 ways to waste money in Vegas.  This may be the least fulfilling.
Love the Capastrami Sandwich!! Every time I'm here I've got to get my fix!!
Great cheese steak.  Add the hot peppers and the sweet peppers and the mushrooms.
Best burger I've found so far in Charlotte and the place just looks cool.
Time for a delicious burger!
Great place..  Amazing  service.  Loved the ambiance and friendly staff
Great bar!! Service & food are great.....fish n chips are a must try.
Still waiting on their gift card hahaha this company is such a joke omg
Very good, crust and sauce just right, closest to a home town San Francisco pizza.
Great coffee, fast & pleasant....Nicest server!!!
Great Customer Service...When I first moved to Las Vegas 4 1/2 years ago this was one of the first stores where my family and I shopped.
Here's a tip for those who want to continue to take the risk in doing business with their service center, make sure you document and take photos of every part of your vehicle prior to leaving your car with these appallingly calloused, shady people.
Fantastic show! Best show in Vegas!!!!!! Loved it!
Such a great show!!! Very talented
Both times I've been here it was really slow service.  Sushi quality varies wildly
Amazing. Fresh food amazing flavor. A must for anyone who appreciates sushi.
Love it here. . Win a little. . Drink a little. .dance a lot. Love the bands!
Call and schedule with Kelsey Fenner!!!!
Great food full of flavor! Very reasonable prices too
This gonna be my next favorite spot beside Panera Bread.
Always fresh and the service is great!
Always fresh and the service is great!
Cool local feel to the shop. Not commercialized like other fro yo places, which is good and bad.
Great taste, thick body flavor, creamy texture and pretty basic flavors.
Awesome!!!!! Simply the best. Great customer service, great work!! Great everything!
Filbertos is there when I need it. But boy did it go up in price.
Blehh tastes like wayyy over priced microwave pizza
Buy wings get double for free on Tuesday!
Very helpful..very friendly staff will always come here for my tire needs! !!
Great tire store. They really go out of their way to help me.
We keep going back as they always take good care of us. :)
Super friendly employees and great service. .
Great service, fast and no charge for patching up my tire!!! I had a screw stuck in my tire.
Fast, honest and friendly. Thank you guys!!!
Don't shop on an empty stomach, you'll buy way too much! :0)
Bacon wrapped tater tots drizzled in maple syrup is the bomb!
Great service. My new favorite place for breakfast. Try the 3 Amigos
Great place bartenter is great.one hell  of bloody Mary
Love the "Order Online!"
Love the "Order Online!"
Horrible customer service !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fast service and the barista calls your order by name. Great feeling!
The only place I trust to do my eyebrows!
It may be pricy but they actually have great sales, go at the right time and you can get some awesome stuff for Walmart prices!
Best korean food! Best service!!
Make yourself a regular here. A damn good Bunch of guys.
Tomato and egg baguette for breakfast today. They are very tasty!
The environment is a lot nicer than it was previously...no complaints other than the fruit flies around the open ketchup dispenser...tht was kinda nasty...
The big man is good, ordered with jalapeño
Great polish sausage.bigger than the bun...hot dog was good too.
today for lunch I had the chili cheese fries & I loved it!!!
Sucks. Never coming here again. Service horrible. 4 tables that got here after us received their food before us. The waitress was clueless and came to our table once to see how we were. She should of been able to realize that our food still hadn't been delivered to our table. Save your money. Food also sucked. French toast was sprinkled w cinnamon (too much cinnamon that you couldn't enjoy the meal) AND the manager didn't offer to comp anything. Paid $30 for bad service and food.
Best in this hoodGreat food and great service
outstanding food and service! the most genuine employees and a wonderful breakfast!
Service was fantastic and the coffee is good here! Will definately be back!
One of my favorite places!!! It's so much fun!
Manager is very disrespectful to staff and customers. Had to leave and go elsewhere.
Awesome experience here!  Ask for Ashley T.
That's the best BBQ in town, delightfully deeeelicious!!!!!!!!!
Best food for the price! Always a first choice!
Great service, great food, and super fast!! We will definitely be back.
Burgerfi is shit. Five guys does it right. Come eat a real burger here!!!!!!!!
Customer service is amazing and the food is great.
Poor guest service. If ur looking for service with an attitude this is ur spot.
Terrible Spaghetti! They Microwaved it right in front of me
Nice place, the food quality is kept consistent and the service is good.
Super friendly and accommodating staff. They really listen and take care of you.
Great vegetable dishes.
It a good experience of a restaurant with no ice or honey can't wait to hit blyth
Had a blast thank you so much, see you in another 10 years:)
Quiet place for lunch.  Nice golf course atmosphere.
Supple, moist pulled pork paired with a sauce that has a perfect touch of chili flake heat.  A must try.
Watching the fight, no cover charge!
My nails are gel pink and they're pretty . Staff was friendly and quick .
I'd like to kick everyone who's reviews convinced me to eat here.
Great atmosphere and friendly staff
The gumbo is the best. Also the grits.
great Cajun food, worth the stop. the staff were friendly and had quick service.
Awsommmmm poboy beef and black shrimp with grits wow flavorfull
Great banana foster bread pudding!
VERY customer oriented!!! porter and laura are great!!!
Best happy hour prices. $5 shots of patron.
Don't come here during graveyard the last two times we came here we got the worse service. Two bartenders and not one will come up to us.
Happy Hour Everyday 3-6 PM --Rolling Rock $2, Heineken $4, Dos Equis $3,  1/2 price appetizers.
Worst massage experience I have ever had.
Thank you for your free car wash on Veterans Day. My car needed one big time :)
The absolute worst car wash in the west valley!!!
They they always do a very good job. I give them 5 stars if they did a perfect job !
Formally the ESPN Zone
Every since the shooting I think they should close the club down
Quality is less and lessSame food in 6 waysChicken:FriedBoiled.........
FnB is a bit of a hidden treasure with amazing food and excellent service.
Bel endroit cosi .Bon service à la clientèle . Mon cocktail était délicieux.
Little ghetto and they never have baggies
Went there today but disappointed. Dirty park, and dirty water for the ducks.
Perfect! Happy hour mon-sat 3pm-6pm
Really good food. Nice waiters, nice place to eat with friends.
Their curries are good, but i don't like their signature entree
The waffles here "ROCK"!!  Light and fluffy, the perfect breakfast!!
Best waffles ever! Light, crispy & yummy. This is a "no frills" Mom & Pop place. Great staff. Suggest the breakfast special.
This place is awesome waffles are delicious
The only Taiwanese hotpot place in Charlotte! Great price great food.
Always great service on my vehicle. Love this location.
Amazing frybread taco! Got the red chili with beans combo. Must try :0)
Honest and Professional people. It was refreshing to experience such great service.
Food was good portions were odd in size and plating.... SERVICE WAS AMAIZNG THOUGH
Always consistently on the mark, cooked perfect, no complaints....
OMG...the most awesome spinich, bacon salad ever!
Great food. Excellent beers on tap. What more could you want in life?
Great beer selection. AWESOME FOOD!!. The bartender was super cool too. Great place
great food the largest selection of craft brews around. Heather is great!
Bruchetta at happy hour...awesome.  Real chef prepared food (not prepackaged nonsense like most restaurant chains).  Nicer than average wine
Prosecco for $5. Nothing better for a Sunday!
Fried pickles are the bomb!
Nice subdued atmosphere.  Just enough energy.
Delicious food, great service, & of course yummy drinks.
Vegas baby airport coffee what the hell.
For cold drinks the smallest size is 16oz - For hot drinks the smallest size is 12 oz.
Consistently refreshing, different and unique. :-)
This JJ has a drive thru!!
Excellent service!  Finger foods are delicious and filling.  The tea is divine!
Great atmosphere. Great seating right by the fish tank.
I Love my nails every time! No other place compares!
Camarones Sarandeados
Horrible ! Never going back again ! Chip and salsa was what I had my heart set on and it was flavor less , comon how can you mess up chip and salsa. The service was terrible just as bad as the food ! No flavor at all ! None what so ever ! Authentic my a***
Good food with the most awsome view of the strip at night. Margaritas and Mariachi
Very  goog place   The  prices  a little  expensives  but  the  food  is  amazine
Love the food and also the area.   This place is the shit.
Had a really nice time. Great location. Packed!!! But the wait wasn't too long.
Great food.  Great views and great atmosphere
Awesome food, service and wine at great value!  Julio is the best manager ever!
Awesome pizza and great service.
Worst pizza ever and they didn't even have ranch for my 10 yr old
Tiz yummy but a bit pricey
No more $.25 wings after midnight
Coffee and bagels! Very good!
Their pancakes are HUMONGOUS so if you're REALLY hungry get them. If not get something else.
HORRIBLE customer service..
Great place for people of all ages!
Friendly phone demeanor
Poor service, overpriced, hard to reason with.  Recommend using another business.
Great rooms, clean and quiet. Friendly staff. Great breakfast.
Some dishes are under $10...others slightly over.  Don't pass this place up!
It's okay. The staff isn't always responsive to customer needs. Too busy chatting.
Love Costco!!! We shop everything from them. Great customer service.
Hooter's has really good food and they have amazing boneless hot wings.
Everything they have is delightful even their tea! Staff is friendly and personable!
Food is terrific...service was terrible.
Great food, great service - need I say more? :-)
My husband is from Raglan, NZ and he said Lola's had the best lattes he has ever had! My mocha was delicious too :) chocolate didn't over power the coffee.
Try the cafe blanco! It's divine. This place is a gem, highly recommend you visit
I just moved back down to Phoenix from Seattle. This place is pretty good!!!
Server failed to tell us it was happy hour. Food is pretty good.
Had drinks with friends ..and love the pizza here!!!!
Very good food. They are not kidding when they say it's quality you can taste!
Amazing show extraordinary performers especially Katy Perry!!!
Excellent show! Ive seen it twice! Standouts for me were Celine Dion and PINK!
Great selection of SNS colors. Very efficient and fast and well staffed!
Small portions and very high prices.  I wouldn't make an effort to come back.
I love this place! The food is great!
I've gone to Jason for each of my tattoos and wouldn't consider going anywhere else.
Uhm.... Hands down 5 stars. BEST Thai food I've ever had in AZ!
Awesome food. I love spicy food that they have and very friendly staffs
Good Thai food and friendly service.
Excellent service and food love coming here after our son's hockey games.
Food was fine but not worth waiting 40min for when the place is less than half full.
Great affordable breakfast.
Less crowd. Good for a quick shopping. I like the quad place.
Tiarra gave me wonderful customer service.  She was polite and professional!
Love this place!  Amy is the best!!!
Indoor & Outdoor dining with drive in and drive threw
Get there before rush hour so you can miss the traffic
Super Awesome... Steaks were great... Sarah was so sweet and perky
Love them! The garlic chicken with white rice is to die for, they  could have better customer service but hey their Chinese so you can't expect the best. But I will never stop going !! 5 stars for me!!!
I order delivery from them. Great food, great prices. Yum!!
Bad music, bad drinks, bad staff! Omg what the heck! Don't waste your time peeps!
Nice shoe department!
Fabulous experience-quick gel manicure with spa pedicure and it's beautiful!
Reasonably priced & super cute merchandise.
Average Chinese takeout please temper those five star reviews...
My Favo Place To Get My Nails Done!!! Always Nice My Nails Look Amazing!!!
Jessica was amazing. My nails look great. I'm headed back for a pedicure next week!!
Smells like Auto Bell in the lobby.
Try the bunuelos for breakfast
Well... The water was good...Very bland food. Weird tasting chicken. And honestly margaritas that taste like pure tasteless syrup.
Always predictable food. It's steak and shake. Little slow with drive thru orders
First time here and the food is great! We highly recommend eating here.
Big pie by the slice!
One of the best gyros I've ever had.
No jetways, be prepared to walk through the weather
I had the most amazing bagel sandwich and a delicious soup!
This location has moved across the street into Hunter Crossings!
Very good sushi but the fried rice dishes are some of the best I have ever tasted.
Very impressive hotel with a great staff. I will definitely be back.
Surprisingly good food for a hole in the wall! And very very cheap Japanese !
I really don't care for a fly with my fries. But I got it anyway. Thx to McDonald's
The people are wonderful.
I like this Starbucks better. Good service, fast, clean and nice atmosphere.
Solid choice for Soul Food in the Queen City.
Yummy yummy.Soup is fresh and delicious.A little expensive but it deserves.
Awesome place. Great prices. This is the place to buy salt for your pool.
Real New York Pizza in Charlotte!!
Both locations produce great pizza and have a friendly staff.
Kid's Night Every Wednesday....got to check it out!!!
These subs are a bit over subway. I will never ever eat another sub from here.
Very nice and affordable place to stay, staff is really nice and helpful
One of the only locations with available lock boxes, if anyone is in need.
They always run out of Shea Moisture Products (That is for my Wife and other Natural Women)
Fresh food, good variety,  friendly staff
One of the best libraries I've ever been too. So glad it's our local, home library!
Great seats.  Great experience. Renovation successful.
The service was exemplary and the food was outstanding.
Ask for Jessica Riddle.....she is the best!
Love love love the cupcakes , lemonade is my favorite !
Very nice staff. That always means a lot.
Guacamole burger was JUICY!
Avengers last night was awesome. Great seats, great sound, and great movie.
Food was quite good. The prices were good.  We had a very nice lunch.
We had a great time. Keenan was the best so helpful. Give that man a raise!!!!
Won't be back...see Carolyn's review.
This dominoes is awesome great customer service and friendly staff
Great service and beer, fun tastings!
They are great! They have been doing my nails for years.
This Waffle House is closed. It's been leveled due to the light rail construction.
Make sure to make a reservation for the genius bar online before going to the store!
Summer evenings on the patio are quite beautiful...
Always my favorite getaway. It was a little noisy. But as always the food was great.
Not only is the owner one of our best customers, his place is awesome!
Poor service from an unfriendly counter girl. Limited choices at 9am.
Bonne poutine! On y mange toujours bien!
Yummy poutine - fries could have been crispier, but alas..
Best drywall repair company in the valley
Very slow food service
Excellent coffee - great barista. Highly recommended.
Ride your bike here and relax.
Chocolate croissant was fluffy, light, and delicious. I could eat 60 or 70 of those...
Cream of carrot Good, espresso Good, Curry Chicken sandwich Amazing!!!!
First time here so busy and so good and yummy
The best hot sandwich so far in my life!
Good that deserves a review. It's good!!
Awesome service:) Awesome Menu:)... Great Breakfast or Lunch spot!!
Clean and gReat service!
Lunch box. Do it. Your mouth will thank you.
pick a pasta. pick a sauce. pick a cheese. delicious.
Sample all and get different flavors!
A most excellent cigar lounge with a tremendous selection and very comfortable!
I love this place. Good cigar selection and an awesome staff.
Purchased two bikes from them. Joe took care of us. Great customer service.
Great food service and prices. Can't go wrong.
Chicken Parm hero's are awesome,  reminds me of being home,  New York.....
Beautiful views, nice trails, really fun playground equipment.
Awesome trip!!!!! Highly recommend.
Get the Thai chopped chicken salad and the chipotle chicken panini and all your  slightly spicy robust flavor cravings will be satisfied.
Delicious food at a rediculous price ! ..
Good work, cleaned the insides great.
Better than expected.   Less wait time than the Val Vista/ Williams Field location
Disappointed they advertise a healthy lifestyle yet offer no sandwiches that are veggie friendly. Only one hummus veggie friendly wrap that is not include in the half sand and smoothie deal.  Bummer!
Peanut Paradise!! For the peanut butter lovers!!
The food might take a while to come out. Just expect it, then it won't be as painful.
Very good indian food. Specially Dal Maharani, mutter paneer and chai
This place is not closed. It is under new ownership.
Slowest Starbucks we've ever been to... Ever.
Owner is friendly and remembers regulars. Great place to go during non-peak hours.
Horrible service and horrible food !!!!
Great deals, amazing food, love the place!
Foods really good! Service is awesome. All around good place to have AYCE sushi!
Always perfect! Great job every time and it's so nice and clean inside.
Sasha is amazing. Go to Sasha. She truly is an eyebrow artist
I love this place. I'm glad there is one in my neighborhood.
Awesome food and bar selections! A long wait but that's because everyone wants in!
Yummy, inexpensive, fast and friendly. Love the breakfast sandwich.
All day breakfast, Home made style, super fast service gets 4 star !
They were so rude. I was waiting to order and they told me to leave. Don't go there
Great leader and great tour!
If you are going to buy Apple product buy it from here. Not Best Buy
Great selection of Malbec from Argentina.
Thrilling and scary. Perfect. Expect long lines on weekends.
Extremely friendly staff.  Never any grief about jacking wifi.
We had an exquisite evening here. The food was well prepared and very unique
Wonderful scallops, yummy grille tacos and good crab Louie salad.
They don't do their dry cleaning on site
Ryan was a great person!
This place is just not that good.
It's named that for a reason!
Wow this place is expensive!
If you are looking for mediocre food and terrible service, this is the place.
They broke half of my packages. I won't come this stupid place again.
Believe the hype. Hands down THE best egg sammich I have ever had!
Best wrap I ever had! Bread and chicken is made fresh daily.
No coffee.  No hot food.  Not really set up to do business.  A waste of time.
Nice driver (man with long beard). Nasty dispatcher (loud bossy lady)
Stood around in the showroom for 15 mins. waiting for a salesperson.  Got 0 service.
Awesome local coffee shop. Everyone is super nice, and they allow me in with my weenie dogs if I'm stopping in on a walk. Good food too!
Excellent service always!
Excellent food and great service!  A quick and delicious place to eat.
Great place on the Strip for a Good drink at a Fair Price.
worst laundromat of all time...  nothing works... it stinks ... avoid at all costs
Did not have the same experience. Fast, friendly and no problems.
Great service. Got half dozen in less than a minute. Loved it
Friends don't let friends eat at (most) chain restaurants. I should have known better.
Awesome Nachos! Need I say more.
Good service nice people close to our motel. Perfect.
The best bar on the west side..Great service and friendly staff..
Okay tacos and good sauces fair prices nothing to write home about.
Great prices even better food
Always enjoyable experience
Awesome salsa. Awesome margaritas. Awesome Mole. Highly recommend!!
Great food, friendly staff!  What a nice addition to Fountain Hills!
Talk to the sommelier
Hip hop sandwich shop.
Great food, great service. Would have to say the cash money is my favorite
Perfect patio for a Saturday!
If you're looking for a great appetizer, definitely get the pretzel and cheese fondue. So good and it's a good amount to share!
The pretzel fondue is my favorite
Apple monkey breadddd
Excellent food and great service. Such an upbeat atmosphere.
Really good food and the setting was great place to hangout with friends
We were told 30 minutes. 1:45 later, we left without being seated or updated.
This place is fantastic!  Always good food and excellent service.
Great place and friendly service. The owner was super nice and helpful.
Great place to find cigars, smoke, comradely, beer and the nicest staff.
Great Easter brunch.  Best ever!  Can't wait til next year.  They do it right!!!
Another great meal with my wife. Will come back again!
Food  is really good but they are stingy with their sauces
The food is ok here but it has to be the slowest filiberto  I've been to
Really good food, and the owner is very friendly!
Kind of like Roberto's
Love the bacon breakfast burrito and the beans!!!! Rolled tacos are yummy too!!
The food here is hit and miss. When they miss they miss big!
Very clean rooms very spacious! Lovely hotel
Great food... Super crappy service !
Chicken Philly pita with tsaziki on the side in less than 30 minutes. Fuck yeah.
Not worth the money for parking and the tower. Complete rip off. Stay away.
Heads up! Get to this place early if you want to eat there special.
The staff was friendly and my pups were both handsome and pretty. We will be back!
This place is permanently closed.
The spicy ya yam scallop roll has a kick to it
Dump, dive hotel! !!! Just picture this a section 8 all moved in
All delish! Burro Taco recommended by waiter was a great choice. The fish taco was excellent as well as the shrimp taco. Salsa is done right! Can't wait to visit again!
Awesome street tacos. Best in phoenix and cheap!
Omg! The specialties tacos were to die for!  I want to try everything on the menu!
Al Pastor street tacos are where its at!!
Best tacos I have ever had ! I recommend the mole poblano tacos
The horchata is remarkable!!! No one makes it like this place!!!
Best tacos in Phoenix, hands-down.
They've always cut my hair since we moved to the area & never had any complaints...  My whole household gets all their nails, hair color, hair cut, waxing here!
Excellent customer service and pricing.   Definately will be a repeat customer.
A great place if you are looking for a lovely two bedroom in a central location for a weekend away
The one from downtown relocated here
It's now in The Quad! Not imperial palace!
Kye and Tiffany at the bar are awesome
Service was terrible.
legit food! breakfast was insanely good!
So amazing...one meal is good enough for four people!!!!!
Absolutely delish, it did take a while to pay our bill, only downfall.
Great food, but service was SLOW!! Split meals for sure!
Amazing restaurant. Great food. The best service.
Quality great tasting food with a very attentive staff.
Wow  deliciously huge!!!
Hash house all time best=j The food is the best
Food was great.  Outrageous portions.  Over an hour wait for our food
Delicious to say the least.
Awesome breakfast. Everything was good. Contemporary layout but still welcoming.
The service was competent. The food was decent. Not my favorite,  but not bad
awesome service, great sushi, and nicevibes!! well priced also
One word.... Supercalafragalisticxpaladoious!!!
Half portions of pasta make for a great dinner without being stuffed.
What a wonderful experience!
More show than substance
Pretty good place overall. Food was good but portions are quite small for the cost.
I hate this place with a passion. We did get a great price on our kitchen table and chairs but the experience dealing with the sales and service was the worst I have ever in my life dealt with. Another thing, we put in the warranty claim in and it start a whole other whirlwind of disappointing problems. If it wasn't for having to get my table repaired I would never... ever deal with this poor excuse of a company. Be for warned, your asking for trouble going to The Dump.
This location of yogis is the best in the area
This our go to Mexican restaurant. Great people. Great food.
The pot roast sandwich is always a winner.  I happen to enjoy their chocolate malted milkshakes
Cute little neighborhood bar.
AZ burger is da way da go!!
Great shakesColorado burger is awesome Nice a quick for lunch
They do a great job!! I adopted two cats and they are my two babies.
Thank you for amazing food, perfect catfish, amazing okra, and the most warm and sincere environment in town, Thank you Fish King for a memo
Can't get enough of mastros, service makes u feel at home and the food is unreal
Great service , tasty food and perfect location
Red Dragonfire drink is oh sooooo delicious.
Best restaurant in Las Vegas
Delicious, freshly prepared traditional Chinese food!
Rude and can not get your order correct.  Blame the customer.  Stay away.
Well the food was great but the wait was very long
Don't ever ever gone there is better to stay hungry then they take your money
I don't like fast food but I love Taco Bell. Cheap and delish.
Good food! Good beans. Chile Reno's were tasty also. Will go back if i'm in the area
Great place! Our server was super nice and friendly! Good service and great food!
it was alright waiters were slow
Poor customer service. The people there are lazy.
This is the most expensive goodwill I have ever been to.
I really like Hungry Howies Pizza so I continue to buy food from there.  Here's the catch.  Don't use the internet because they won't even pay attention to the order (I know this because it happened to me) and don't deliver because it will take at least and hour and a half (twice happened to me)
The Service is great! I bought some stuff from there and I love it(:
I could eat the Carne asada for the rest of my life
Great workout with great coaches
Great experience. My favorite mountainside!
Best healthcare multipurpose providers ever
The staff is very friendly and professional. I would highly recommend staying here.
There is never anyone working the photo counter.
Great sandwiches very consistent
Go hear at least 3 to 4 times a week. Great staff. Always enjoy ourselves.
Best pizza and wings ever
I love my hair!! Thank you David! Wonderful cut and color!!
Unreliable, sneezing around my face as she was placing my lashes. They looked ok but considering all other aspects I wouldn't recommend...
Great food and outstanding prices!
Just like the ones back home in Houston. It's located next to Starbucks.
This is a Shell  station although the Circe K sign is right below it.
Yep. That thing Erin said.  Don't trust these people
Store credit expires in 6 months. :(
I've experienced the same as most everyone else. Cold and sometimes soggy food.
worst. burger king. evar.
Love this daycare, my twin two year old have so much fun. They learn so much there
Very helpful and knowledgeable.
First trip, and can't wait to come back!
Very good food and generous portion, will come back again.
Really great pizza. I love there BBQ chicken pizza.
I really enjoy their buffalo chicken pizza and their pepperoni pizzas.
Great deals on used guns!
Nom nom nom. Best drinks
Food wss great! We an on going back.
Super yummy & the staff is great! I definitely recommend this place.
They require 2 utility bills and a copy of your insurance?! To rent a friggin' car?! FAIL
Best guy around town!!!
Awesome instruments. A must see museum!
slow & rude. i can only put up with the service if i'm intoxicated
We love this place. Great selection, great staff, good prices and close to home.
Yummy as always , fast delivery !!! Pizzas were made perfect
Always friendly and fast! Love that I can order ahead and just pick up my coffee!
Drive thru 18 minutes!!!!  That was just for a drink!
Great gym and friendly staff.
Great service, very knowledgeable and friendly staff. Very community focused.
Late lunch...... Large variety on the  menu
It's always freezing here, bring a sweater. Wait time is really long.
Fun and friendly place that's close to my house
Dr. Anikwue, is very knowledgeable and helpful.  I would recommend him to anyone.
Dr T is the best, End of story. His 5 stars all day long!
Cute lovely little place and wonderful ladies.
You never know when they are open
Have had better burritos.
Gatta have my cinnamon dolce late ! Blessed that its on my way to work.
Top notch, kudos to Carol.  She was fast and efficient.  Awesome service!
Fast, friendly & knowledgeable. Competitive prices.
Good food with fast and friendly service.
Very good!! Must try them!! Some of the best NY Style Italian food in AZ!!
Just got my lab results back and I'm completely sterile! Yay!!
After 3 years of going there I finally stopped due to the fact of price rises (greed), untrained staff, and hidden fees that magically appear when they want to! Last incident, took our dog and we're on a so called special VIP deal which is $15 every two weeks, they raised the prices without telling us and so it became a not so VIP deal! They told us we owed $15 for missing an appointment, I told her well who owes us for when staff doesn't show up on time, almost an hour late on many occasions.
No complaints. Employees were very polite and helpful.
These people always are so helpful for printing my monthly flyers!!!
Great place for late night food runs
Had an amazing Mother's Day!!! Crossed another item off my bucket list today
Pretty solid Calzones!!! Can't go wrong with this place.
Tommy is a great guy and he makes amazing food. End of story. Try it.
AVOID THE PHARMACY AT ALL COST. They are incompetent and rude. They are incapable of following up, rude and just plain incompetent.
Great place great cut would recommend will be back just keeping it real 100
Always have fast and friendly service. Big ol fat burritos at a fair price!
Check out Dollar Mountain!
Great staff.  Excellent service!
Very clean, chill, professional and artistic. Great place to be!!!
We like JIB churros but usually the cinnamon is nowhere to be found.  : (
Great quality and service.
Renee always takes care of me. She even know how I order my wings.
Great buying experience.  Reasonable price car in sound working order.
Service was okay and the ladies were nice.
Excellent service!!!  Rita is the best!
AVOID THIS PLACE!!! Sold me broken atomizer, went back 10 minutes later to exchange, and crabby, bitter, insane old lady first told me, what I was returning wasn't what she sold me, then she told me I broke it??!! This was impossible, as it never worked in first place, no way I could break what never worked. She knew nothing about the merchandise she sold, refused to exchange. this place won't be around much longer, as cigars are stale, they sell broken merchandise, and they have no class...
Always pleasant visits. Always great food. Great alone or a group.
Great place to get some great pie!!! 3.99 for 2 slices of cheese and a drink! !!!!
Good prices, specials and coupons.
Great food, great prices, great service!
Just ate here for lunch. Now my boyfriend and I are both very sick.
Great hot dog and pizza puff. Fast service. Very clean.
Authentic Chicago style sandwiches at reasonable prices
Wow what a wonderful experience I had today. I love this place!!! You must go!!!
Great product, price and people. Would recommend them to anyone !
Awesome blackened pacific mahi mahi tacos!!
Always friendly and always do great designs!
I'm always happy with my car when they are done but you better have patience! I've been here 25 minutes and they are just now getting to the interior! Oh and practice smiling and saying "No Thank You!" 10 times before you get here so it rolls off your tongue during the up-sell.
Great place great service love this place they treat you right
Awesome wash. Great place. Thank you for doing such a great job.
Bloody Mary and breakfast, Direct TV, what else do you need?
Good pizza. Good service. Will go back again.
My morning routine! Love this place, the staff and if course the coffee!!
Best service ever!! Kasey is a rockstar! No wait and got great deal!
The food is great and served hot and is always fresh.  Portions are large also.
These guys are fantastic totally worth the money just ask for medium pressure!!
Great doc. Our whole family has been going there for years.
A great place to live. Very clean!
Someone needs to move the trash bins somewhere away from the drive thru I could smell cheese already
Still one of my favorite places in tokwn for Carne Asada!
Hookah was awesome, server B kept our coals hot and the Tangiers tasting great! :-)
What can I say. I always get an Orange Whip. Awesome. Thanks guys!
What can I say. I always get an Orange Whip. Awesome. Thanks guys!
Fast friendly service only place to go to get your car done right
As a former C-Store employee in a very busy east valley location who heard the name on my tag read twice in two years, it is a warm and gratifying feeling in this business to hear "Thanks" and hear one's name.
Super clean and friendly. The gentleman was so kind to my elderly mom.
Had an awesome experience for the 2nd time. Great prices and perfect service.
Quick and easy. Customer service was great.
Worse massage I ever had.
Hotel is very clean and comfortable.
9/13/15 3:07pmJust left, this store had terrible customer service
After waiting for an hour to do a wire transfer the bank representatives at this location are by far the worst Wells Fargo employees I have ever dealt with, customer service here is terrible at store #00754224
Love my nails super cute. 少し少し面倒 but will come back.
Alicia made my sandwhich like a boss!
Prefer to give a 0. Rude and lazy workers and my car is still dirty.
$24.  1.25 hrs.  No parm or red pepper as requested.
Nypd pizza has terrible customer service. Don't give them your business
Oh ma lawd ! Good pizza ! Even better service ! Alycia was a great server.
Great place fast and friendly. Ask for Phyillis she is great.
The corn dogs are ordered or burnt and recooked nasty nasty nasty
Nice salon. Many services that can be completed
Awesome mani/pedi!!! Love this place!!
Awsome store for your hats and boots
My kids love it! Needs better management.
It's ok. I was not comfortable.
Always satisfied with my PERFECT PERFECT pedicures!
Chipotle!  What could be bad????
Love this place. Great for the kids and always clean.
Fast drive thru.  Accurate order
7a-7p. Cash or credit!
Honest. Dependable. Reliable. I trust them 100%. 5 stars and 2 thumbs up.
Forgot to pack socks on my trip to AZ!!!
Everything is amazing tosti elotes and mitotero mango loko  all to die for!
They have some bomb ass stuff here. They r opened till 1030 pm every day
Filling Christmas boxes for needy kids.  What a great way to share
Friendly and professional...oh, and they helped my back.
Great customer service and quality work. Will continue to use Natural cleaners.
Always a great, inexpensive, haircut and good service
Iceberg salad with dry chicken. Not a fan.
Best service I've had from subway in a long time. The shift leader was awesome.
Late night Staff has no personality.
Nora was great and helped me whip out some printing jobs.
Favorite lunch spot for fish tacos!
Closed?!? I went this morning and the place was totally empty!
Love it here. Everything is delicious. Authentic Mexican food!
I'm currently in the drive thru lane waiting, 10 minutes now and counting. Horrible.
Clean but staff isn't very friendly.
Best pizza in Arizona. If deep dish is your favorite, this is the the place to find.
Kim is the owner and on top of the latest trends!
Kim is the owner and on top of the latest trends!
A legitimate massage joint. You keep your clothes on for great massages that beat out other chain establishments at a fraction of the cost!
This part of Phoenix in a dump. This QT reflects the area it is in.
Very mediocre Gringo-style Mexican Food. Save some dollars and go to Taco Bell.
The band tonight is amazeballs
Getting my toes done, amazing. Convincing my boyfriend to get his toes done with me.... Priceless!
Very pleased with our service we had great service from Alex
Great slice with wings deal. Delicious pizza. Friendly staff.
Rude staff with horrible management! Not returning for a loooooooong time!
We've always had very good food and service from BoBo China. Great lunch deals!
I found a living bug in my food, and a roach under our table.
Closing at 7pm on weekdays?  What is this, the 1920s?
When I had my haircut there it looked amazing when I saw it.
Love these guys, they take such good care of my fur babies!
Outstanding staff...Christin does a phenomenal job on my hair..
Wait 4 hours to fix an ac and charged me $559 to replace a belt. Be aware!
Best pizza in gold canyon. They picked up when "the Garage" closed.
Good food and prompt service.   A nice little Chinese restaurant.
Amazing NY cheese steak pizza!  Really the best specialty pizza!
Friendly but not the same since Josh left.
I love Chick-fil-A!!!
Excellent care and service!Highly recommend this place and the staff!
Always clean and friendly attendant .
Absolutely love this place! Great prices, great staff, nails always look great
Just had a pedi done with Brittany.  She did an amazing job.  I'll def be back.
Best hookah products!
Love their sushi here..always fresh
Excellent casual fast food. Liked everything we tried.
Heathy clean food, clean establishment.  Great fast heathy food.
Awesome food. Fresh and delicious. Our son loves the pancakes
Yummy food and very nice people! Awesome crepes and benedict!
Amazing service, excellent food and decent prices! Love this joint!
LEXY gave me an amazing haircut!! Will be back just because of her.
Amazing. Good raw food selection and great live music on Saturday evening!
Great eye candy and good tunes!! They also offer line dancing classes!
Good pizza and hoagies friendly service
They stop serving in dining room half hour before they close. But take out till close.
This bakery is amazing. I go in at least once a week
The female cashier working at this place provided very poor customer service
I love this hotel. Decor is beautiful and atmosphere is great.
Drinking in the am?   Check.
Holy shiatsu my room is huge
Buy water, or any drinks off the strip. Walgreens across the street is very overpriced. Must visit wicked spoon.
Awesome hotel and very friendly staff
Not cheap, but the rooms, fitness center, and staff are great!
Nice price but a bit expensive.  Room was great with good view of fountains.
This is the worst venue for a concert.. #brunomars concert avoid at all costs..
Best hotel.  I like it a lot .  Sweat customer service awesome Awsum awesumer
Bartender Will Rios, you're the best!!
Very nice and clean .. Little expensive night but overall good
We had a suite, and it was durty!! $550 for a night, really? So disappointed!!
do not hire aaction movers
Very nice staff and Doctor
Crap cars, crap service! Do not waste your time or money!
Good price and extremely fast delivery!
Terrible . They closed early and I was really craving ice cream . Waste of time !
Authentic Mexican munchies so yummy!!!
Out of business 10-23-2014Just tried to eat here .. All closed up :(((
Super service and very knowledgeable
Catelyn the blonde heavy set cashier with glasses is a rude b*tch!
Discriminating against senior dogs. Don't go here.
Come here We give Great customer service
This is a very good place to get haircut. Clean, fast and reasonable price
Looked slammed...But..SURPRISE!!! No wait... Friendly people. Quickly acknowledged. Maybe we are in the calm before the storm? Parking lot suggests the area restaurants are slammed. :)
I cannot believe they are in business. Worse company ever. Pitiful.
Slow and expensive. Wish I would have stayed with cox. Cheaper and faster.
Slowest Starbucks in town...
If you are looking for slow, rude service, this is the Starbucks for you.
I believe this store is close.
I really wanted to like this place.
Awesome very helpful staff and super fast service Quiana was amazing!!!!!
Sales associate named Ella was rude and unhelpful.
I go here everytime I get my nails done. it's very peaceful inside and they have a wide selection of nail designs to choose from. they are all very friendly staff as well.
Excellent food and great service. We're really glad we found this place.
Gotta get the fish tacos!!!
I love this place got some hearty, fresh Mexican food!
Wow! The BEST fish tacos are located right here at Phat Phranks!
Stopped in and had the fish Tacos, absolutely killer.
Awesome steak fries and churros!
Great patio with fountain view! And it changes colors (the fountain)!!!!!
The food was great and the service  was excellent. Pleasant surroundings.
Can not get enough of this place. The Pesto pizzas are a religious experience!
Best pizza in Las Vegas, friendly staff, and a great location.
Gas is normally 5 cents cheaper down the street (go south on Hualapai just passed DI on your left)
Pizza was really good. But it was not sliced
I would put 0 if I can. Want me to wait 45 min for 3 balloons?! Just lazy.
Customer service could be worked and prices are high. Keep looking
Great friendly staff.  FAST service!
Terrible, unfriendly service. Seemed like I was inconveniencing her so I walked out.
Very clean -all fresh meats and produce. They have a Starbucks right inside the store. I like this store
Tina is AMAZING!! I can't say enough good things about her! Super quick and doesn't lack in quality! My pink and whites are always perfect and my pedis too!
Here why I am checking into this hair salon franchise: online check-in, friendly service, in and out in under 20 minutes
Order online and track your delivery!
Dr. Simmonds, Christine and Shayleen are awesome and really professional!
Three huge buildings and three tents with only about 15% occupancy. Mostly home furnishings. But cool ideas.
Never staffed enough for the volume of customers served. PATIENCE
Don't bother if you are over a size 8.
Very bad service I will never return
My life is forever transformed! I now live in a world of infinite possibilities!!!
Stupid lazy gamers. Supposed to open at 10.. Still closed hour later.
Good food must try chicken and broccoli
Fabulous gym.  Super clean and they provide towels.  Never crowded.
Over rated day old bread!
Great smoke shop, they have a great selection and the people are nice and helpful.
I've been to various nail salon's in Vegas and Fantasy is by far the best.  The wait time is minimal and they do an amazing job for a reasonable price!
Belinda was awesome!! Very friendly service and always great food!!
Great  and super friendly... I would highly recommend!!!....
The best agent and helpful staff.
Great place to stay they treat you good good food good music
My favorite flower store in all of Las Vegas.
Love the yogurt. Be sure to sign up for text offers!
Staff have no idea what they are doing. Total disaster every time
Fantastic and fast service. The staff are very friendly at this location.
Can you imagine shopping for 10 mins and waiting 20 mins at checkout?
Dr C is amazing can't wait to come in and check out my next step for Invisalign :)
If you get your pet groomed here ask for James !!
Long lines, not very helpful. Nobody really wants to help you
There  wings and Fingers are so  good  they give  plenty of ranch dressing
Stephanie was very helpful
Natalie is very knowledgeable. She directs you to the right direction and saves you money. I am very happy with the service.
Awesome service love my one of a kind nails.  edc ready
Super good! Best boneless wings in town. Freshly made and tasty flavor
This place is great!  They are always friendly and the food is good.
Great times! Awesome bartenders!!!
Bad service.  Could not understand them and they kept getting my order wrong.
It's 8:30 am, and the store is not even open.
Only place I go to get larger size sneakers
Fave High Rise in Vegas!
I always buy my bandaid fix parts here. Staff is very friendly
Love this place, been coming here for years and wouldn't go anywhere else!
Great people. Great service.
This location exclusively has 8pm-4am midnight snack of 6 piece nugget + small fries for $1.99!
The standard 5 laps just isn't enough...
This place is the best place to find costumes and novelties love This Place
Very close by and its convenient the 24 hrs pharmacy is great.
Gyro and Feta Fries are unbelievable!!  One of my favorite places in Las Vegas.
15% discount for tao group employees!
Don't go !! Terrible service and cutting skills!
Horrible service . Only two tellers working at 1 pm and a line of 10 people
Roaches! Walked in two dead ones on the floor...walked out
Best dam bug guy I ever met
Can't go wrong with $1.50 fish tacos on Tuesday. Quick service and great tacos
Try the amber! Very good and reasonably priced for Vegas at $6.00 a pint.
Hands down the BEST Oakley store in Las Vegas.
This place is dog friendly! With the new construction it's very hard to find.
They gave me the wrong order! The smoothie tastes too sweet..
Love this place..food always good!
They got the best chips and salsa.  Might not be the healthiest, but it's worth it.
No seating but it's aside their target refreshment area where u can find ample seating.
I like this office they are so  nice and  no long wait plus open on Saturday
Not a complaint from me. I just wish GameStop wasn't a bunch of Jews with trade ins.
I completely loved this place!! Amazing job and not painful at all!
The staff was very friendly
Great food. Great staff. Best local place in Henderson
This is MY bar! I just love this place and miss it when I leave town.
The Shiitake chicken is pretty good. Will order again.
Have always got fast, tasty and quality service from this location.
nuce atmosphere! the team was very friendly but the check out process was very long
Very friendly staff. Awesome service.
Love shopping here always a friendly customer service  and fresh veggies and fruits
Worst place to eat pupusas in las Vegas can't believe how bad their food is
Horrible service.  Not friendly at all and food was really bad.
Super fresh. Very good can't go wrong. Make sure and order a prepared beer !
The nail lady hurt me. Twice.
Get the tropical unsweetened iced tea instead of the regular!!
Great products for great prices! Thanks Nina for the great service.
I got my septum piercing done by Brandi months ago and it healed wonderfully :^)
Super nice staff. I highly recommend
This flight was late, as seems to often be the case with Jet Blue
Convenient and close to home! Great customer service.
Busy but great nail salon.
Great work and even better customer service!
Anne marie is the awesomest of the most awesome peeps at Timbers....woot
Excellent job! The staff was friendly and helped with the tint that matches my car.
Always had good chicken and good service and the store was very clean.
Amazing family owned business.
Worse apartment ever. Not recommended. Giving 1 star because I have too otherwise 0.
My new spot. Sunny is the best!!! Highly recommend..
This place sucks.  I had a great experience when I got my car.  However once i moved to Georgia two months after i bought my car the 500.00 maintenance agreement I bought, in which I specified that I'd need to use in another state, wasn't good in GA.  Simple fix right?!!! No... I have been jerked around from the receptionist, sales manger, finance manger, etc. (Sam and Nick).  The last guy I spoke with who works there agreed that they were jerking me around and that he'd fix it. He hasn't called
Wooo! Woot! save ur money :)
Christine did my hair.... she's a hottie....  it was the best haircut ive ever had
Awesome Short Rib Tamales
Great food! So much flavor!! Very romantic with a Latin chic feel.
closed... So sad! Hope you all reopen soon!
Pure evil scumbags charged 350 to tow car 20 minutes
Early bird discount on car washes done between 7 - 9 am.  $2 off
Nice store i will be back for more gifts
Kameron the store manager was so rude. I called the store and he hung up on me.
Dunkin Donuts next door.
The best vegas has to offer!!
I'm here twice a week with my kids. Best Port of Subs I've ever been in.
One can now pay with credit card!
Awesome place and so many goodies for the dogs!
Awesome company great workmanship
See Anthony! He is the best! Great customer service!
Bacon breakfast burrito!
Horrible, got the most painful fill of my life!!
Torta ahogada=your mouth will be on fire. no joke!
Best Torta Ahogada in Vegas!!
Still the best place in Henderson for pizza!Jodi your awesome!
It's clean n very comfortable and friendly as well
Clean and friendly shop. Highly recommend!
Awesome Customer Service and Website at www.hawaiianfoodonline.com
Vic & Blue are the best!!!
Cin a bitz. ...do yummy!
Just moved to Vegas and nervous to find a new salon. Thankfully I found it with just one try! Hands down-best experience and best cut and color I've ever had. That's saying a lot because I was obsessed with my former hair stylist. Chyna was my stylist- absolutely incredible with color!!! She mixed colors to perfection to meet my request. She did such a good job that my husband loved it and asked her to do his hair afterwards. She will definitely being doing both of hair from now on!!
Last resort Chinese delivery.
Delicious! Also very fast delivery! And cheap lunch specials!
The food is always good and fresh.  This is our go-to Chinese food restaurant.
My beautiful nails!!!
Love this place! The color, attention to detail, and personal care are on point!
LOVE getting my nails done here!!!
Always have a great time here And they have ice cream pedicures!
Mariah was very friendly and helpful!!! Great advise and guidance.
Good 50 ' s diner great food even late night.
Great place to get your nails done! Always friendly!
Great and friendly staff!
Very quick, very professional & very reasonable!!
This place is awesome! Always friendly and accommodating! Best smoke shop in town!
I live near this shop. The reviews guided me to this establishment. I tried to call before going and much to my disappointment
Great service.  Excellent customer service.  Would recommend highly.
Very bad comunication
Always hooking a playa up, best glass in the 702!
Fast friendly reliable
Customer service is LACKING hard on this one! Just Saying.
thanks mark durmiendo!!!!! at Subaru Las Vegas!!!
Great subs, very nice staff and very clean.  Good job guys!
Great place! Hand rolled cigars on the premises are amazing
Always a must when we visit Vegas. Be sure to try their in house made cigars.
Food was delicious and server was attentive.
Thank you for the most beautiful evening
Great service and food
Mmmm...anytime for donuts!!!
You have to wait forever, I even called my in.
New renovations. New look. Stop by and check it out
Really nice people good boba
Never had fresh fruit in boba. It was pretty delicious.
Amazing Boba Made WITH Fresh fruit. A must try.
Drink was perfect. Wish we had this in my town
Worst place ever! The lady cut a chunk of my toe skin off with a RAZOR (which in the state of Nevada it is illegal to use them) said "oh I thought it was a calus" had the nerve to still charge me full price! Do not come here!!!
Very affordable! $15 for fur coat.Also, in a very decent area...Nice services!
Great service. Great work. Great prices!!
They are still the best Jerry is awesome
small, but has lots of goodies. :)
Dr Cherrington is a very kind man.
The two brothers and one sister who own this company are horrible people.. They say one thing to you and do another thing.. Never trust this co-called dealer ship.they over price there used cars.. Be careful if you decide to Purchase a vehicle from this low down dirty shame of a place take it to a reliable mechanic to check out your vehicle they could be selling you a lemon but marketing it as jewel..! Bad,bad service!!!!!
I don't find this a "scam". Take the online class. It is $24 and you can do it as home. Instead of $35, sitting in a classroom... As soon as you take the "practice exam" on your computer, you can go in and take the real test, and get your card. I was done in 10minutes. See you in a few years............
Needed a new nail salon tried this on and I love it friendly staff and great work
Carne Asada Fries. By. The. Pound. I love this place.
Sydney is a life saver... So detailed and really loves what she does.
This place is amazing! Jo and Jennifer are amazing!!!
Really loved my foot massage with Andy!
Get ALL of the details on the car wash coupon deal BEFORE you purchase. What you buy is not what they describe when giving you the sales pitch.
Love getting food from here always fast convenient and so yummy.
Had my Mercedes worked on! They were awesome to work with and did great work!
I just moved out here from LA; and decided to try them out...Definitely coming back!
My favorite nail salon! Katie does fantastic job on nail designs as well as Ombré!
Ramona is the worst person here
Very clean for a robertos very fast
Cleanest,  nicest,  best robertos in town. Food is consistently good.
Got Carne asada fries and the portion was giant!! Definitely sharing size!
I love getting my eyebrows waxed here!
Valet park. The main lot is dirt :(
Food and service were excellent!
WOW. I LOVE THIS PLACE. baby tako, salmon skin & dynamite handrolls, not to mention great service.
This place is great for a out of towner like myself, it is like Cheers there's no stranger's everyone is welcome to the family of fun....I think I have bben adopted....LOL.
Rude staff. Food - underwhelming at best.
Omg, best dinner ever, try the meatballs for an appetizer !!!!!
Fresh local milk?? And cheese curds? This place can't be missed!
Delicious enchiladas!
By far the BEST chicken quesadilla and chips I've ever tasted!
Accidentally stumbled in and amazing food. Great happy hour!!!! Fun bartender.
Sucked' no flavor - loud and freezing. Service was ok-  will never eat here again
Pathetic service, smelly restaurant, bland food which is not even half its price
By far one of the most authentic place in Vegas
One of the best authentic Pakistani food in U.S.
Good strong massage,  didn't have to wait.  Group of 5 , we all satisfied.
Nice massage clean environment, and great value
Loved the BBQ aroma & menu. The steak, brisket sandwich & "death by chocolate" dessert were equally great! Service was awesome, too.
Not many vegetarian options but what they do have is quite yummy!
Best haircut I've ever had...and coming from LA I'm so impressed!!!!
$2.99 bacon breakfast burritos on Tuesday!!
Andrea is amazing. She is very friendly and made me feel very relaxed.
Huge subs, super soft bread and meat shaved fresh to order. I got a $5 footlong (looked like a 16") Hickory Smoked Turkey sub which was delicious!
Check in on yelp and get free order of wings! (the honey ones are delish!)
Great friendly knowledgeable. Love this salon
Kids eat free on sunday...but you have to dine in.
it was OK the bread sticks were good but the sauce was kind of on the funny side
Decent food, nothing special but great concept and very quick service
Good food, dogs in a restaurant, not so much.
Dump. No bagels. Only serves Pepsi. Trash.
My favorite place for cupcakes....I ordered 40 for my 4th birthday party....
Great place with huge portions....haven't had a bad thing here yet
Best place in town for breakfast.love their  french toast.
Great local crew/regulars, craft brews, food...and Alicia was awesome!!
Incredible Italian cuisine, reasonably priced considering its on the STRIP.
Unexpected flavors. Wonderful service
First Trip here via Groupon
Pricey but great food. Probably best to stop here during restaurant week.
Tried and wanted to Love, but just liked.
Awesome service, exquisite food, lovely setting.
Just ordered curry shrimp and oxtail stew
Really a unique neighborhood cafe. Beach decor with lively music. The happy hour specials are worth the trip.
World best Bloody Mary
Delicious food. Service was a little slow.
I love this place!! Ask for Melissa. What a sweet heart!!
Worth a repeat visit. Not your everyday Las Vegas dinner
Lobster rolls and beer... Strip pricing but worth it once in a while. Drool.
fine for a buffet.it is a whopping five bucks-what did you expect?
A wonderful group of people. Best coaches.
Great neighborhood bar. Good bar food and good happy hour prices.
Yummy, price is right and the portions are huge.
All I can say is wow!  These guys are fantastic!!!
Great Burgers!  Fast service! Staff is always friendly!
I love love love lennys! The have the best burgers in the valley :)
This place is amazing, best burgers I've had in a while
So convenient. Right by the guest elevators in Palazzo.
Wrong info Yelp. This place is definitely open before 10am
Teenagers Stepping up to Fish Combo... oh the days if the simple Cheese Burger and nuggets...
Great prices on unique antiques!
The beef and broccoli is delicious!!
Super slow service, do not come here for food!
4 star for the slow service at 1 am, but food was good.  Smaller portions though
Love Lavida !!! Can't wait to return for my massage!
Just finished a 2 hour deep tissue massage with Ben!  It was amazing!
I've never had a bad massage in 4 years. I love this place!!!
First time here.    Trying the Arizonan.
Man, I think I found my new taco spot. Yeah that's how good it is.
Nice place... horrible sushi
I would never bring my mother here.
Very good coffee , I love the ice blends!! A bitt over price for coffee
Just had French doors installed. EJ arrived on time and did a great job.
Great food & people. Gotta a ride the bull while you are here.
Music made me physically ill
Horrible service, cold food for the second time. Will never return!
Great lunch. Good beers, burger was fantastic and the curries were heart warming.
Get the 4oz. Flight of Four craft beers...bam!
Erika was so nice and handled our large rowdy table of 12 like a boss!
Mmmm Bloody Mary with my beautiful lovely girl! And good friends of course!
Greatest place in scottsdale
Popsicle wings are so good mix and dip those sauces
Not too often does a bar catch a 5 star from me. This place rocks!
Great music food and the $15 mimosa special is incredible on weekends!
I like their Cobb Salad! Nice portions and filling.
Shrimp cocktail for breakfast
Shrimp cocktail no need to say more
Breakfast at Du-par's is simple yet stunning.
Service was bad and food was low quality I would not recommend this place
Hands down the best Chinese food on an ASU campus!
Biscuit maison excellent et thé de très bonne qualité!
Totally recommend this landscaping company.. They did a great job.
Damn this is good pizza it's the best actually I drive 15 miles just to get it
Is "ok" but we live too far away for just "ok".  Pizza had nice flavor, crust bit chewy, not crisp in the middle and mushrooms not great.   Full bar but cocktail could be better.  Dessert menu looks great.
Very friendly staff, good atmosphere  and of course  I love the food.
Two for one drinks....Yum
The Porky is a great idea if you don't want a hamburger but my favorite is the buffalo soldier
So good! Can't wait to find them again!Had the pepper and yaya..
They have good chicken.  Lacking delivery options
Wow. Absolutely delicious. Great salsas.
A big surprise how good the food was that we got served!
The atmosphere, the service, and the food was great! Best chips and salsa.
Trying the Turkey Sand rage!
This Vig used to be a BofA hiring center!! What a turn-over wonder!! :)
Service is really good. Hot waitresses. Nachos are good. Hostess are friendly.
Love this place and the ambience. Great chill music. Amazing food. 5 stars from me!
Late night cocktails and good chat!
Great place to walk around, beautiful sites and beautiful landscaping
Great Park.We need your help keeping it Clean!! Pick up after yourselves! !!
Disc Golf Course, Great for running, lots of families and dogs! I love this park!!!
Authentic italian in the desert?
First time eating here. Was really pleased.
They charge for every little thing. Will not go back to this location.
Best blackened gorgonzola burger ever great service nice fun atmosphere
Great food and service, nuff said.
Always extremely friendly! My girlfriend and I go here every Sunday before church.
Gr8 food i would recommend this place to everyone & the experience is awesome!
Like Hugh Jackman said, the best meat pies hands down amazing!
The staff is so friendly and the food is fresh and tasty.
Excellant.  We go here for lunch frequently.  Bread is home made, fresh!!
Pretty good food. Price was right and service was quick. Would definitely recommend
Good booze in a funny little place, kitchen and welcoming - worth a visit
Caytlyn and carry are my favorites! And Devon too!
11$ for a spicy tuna roll .... During happy hour ... That's all I have to say
BEST.FOOD.EVER! And the sweet tea is to die for!! My fav!
Cute restaurant. Nice and clean. Great customer service. Great chicken strips.
Very simple menu and good chicken fingers. Sometimes simple really is better.
Go for the pasta but return again (and again and again) for the gelato!  Best salted caramel gelato ever!
I love the food here I'm never disappointed (:
My favorite steak 24h
Very small selection, very high prices, very cold food, very disappointed...
Double the toast, minus the slaw.
Love the backyard patio
Vegan menu is awesome! I've had the club sandwich which is huge. Also the vegan mushroom pizza is so good. Oh and the vegan bananas foster was amazing!
The worst watered down drinks ever. Bad food. Super expensive. Super lame service.
First time great wings and a variety of flavors
Great happy hour, great sunset view, but bring your ear plugs, the Singer is terribly off key.
Great view. Good service. Drink was ok... A bit weak but that's the strip for you.
So far the worst Starbucks the line takes like one hour with 9 guest
Great serviceLovely people and with the upmost respect to their customers
This place is awesome! Really tasty! The republic ramen is the best!
It was ok. The pork was very dry and noodles were good
Crap boneless wings (nuggets) were f&@king COLD.. Check your microwave guys. Overpriced...get me home fast please!!!!
Prompt,  polite service.  Great portions.  The salad and bread alone were stellar.
Fries are great but everything else is terrible.
Very nice! The hash browns and egg benedict are sooo great.
Excellent variety and choices,  although it is a bit pricey for the quality.
Pumpkin chia tea latte is so good!!! I also love their winter dream tea.
Matcha Latte was delicious. Lots of seating for a small location.
A must try in Las Vegas. Their brunch is the best.
Great food! Busy for brunch. Dinner items delicious. Great staff.
Amazing fettucine, melt in your mouth noodles, creamy Alfredo sauce, excellent service, definitely recommend a visit, you won't be disappointed!
Beautiful food and great service!
Pretty dated hotel...$2.00 margarita, will give it a try!
Hot damn! They put me in a high roller suite! Free upgrade for the win!
It was great. . The room. . The service. .I really enjoyed myself here. .
Decent place to stay at.
I love the crab Angels :)
Wendy is the best but she only works Monday's! :D
Awesome...... Absolutely $@@&$?$ awesome.
Just had a wonderful time at R&W. Scallops app and RNW salad were delicious.
Good food when you need something to eat fast.
Bleh very bland food.
The place is kind of old but the dentist is skillful. The dentist treated my two gravely decayed teeth quickly and I could see the whole process my self thanks to the mirror attached to the operation light . I am wondering why my previous dentist did not discover and treat my decayed teeth.
Nicest staff, Dr.Manning makes it painless, and it's close by!
It's so dark in here. I can't see shit.
Very nice hotel and staff.  Close to everything and train is directly behind the hotel for easy travel
So yummy and very friendly!:)
Bit short handed, but cheaper than the buffet...
Waiting..........waiting........waiting.........waiting
This place sucks! Don't go! There are better placed around!
Amazing "hole-in-the-wall"!
Best pork ramen soup I've ever had!
The salad with raw tuna corn and the crispy noodles is so damn good.
Horrible drive thru took forever customer service was rude
Tried the entree besides "daily special". It's way better.
Beautiful park with amazing ambiance!
Garlic knots and a small supreme = +$18!?!?
Service and atmosphere are OK but food taste really bad! Avoid this place...
The most unique place I've been in a long time
Great place. So much to do. Great food and drinks. Friendly staff.
Great atmosphere.  Great food!  Great company!
Don't leave your plates behind. The white dude cleaning up will call u fat ass bitch and say your not allowed bk and laugh about you when you leave. I saw him do this to a lady after she left. So keep in mind to keep clean here. Other then that a wonderful place to go low cal and mexican :)
Bear in mind food is expensive, so eat well before arriving at the airport!
Small spa but very cozy! I like.
Closed during hours it says it is opened is a big no-NO in my book
Employers did not wear gloves to prepare my food, and I got sick after eating there
If pigging out at casino buffets is wrong, I don't wanna be right
Horrible resort rude staff don't care to help their customers
It was fun while it lasted. They no longer do business here.
Miss Kelee's birthday, shaken ass whoop whoop... if it's your birthday, get some friends together for 3 dollar drinks when RSVP
I would put zero star if I could TERRIBLE
Good music to dance to but too ghetto for my tastes.
Great dogs!  1/4 pound Nathan's hotdogs and sausages served in unique variations.  They also serve deep fried treats.  This is a must when driving into or out of Phoenix.
Great value, delicious food!
Very good and nice variety, friendly staff and you cannot beat the price
Love the selection of ice cream and fresh waffle cones!
Everything is great.  A 5 is not hot!!
Great food & great wine .. The staff are friendly, and the service is great too.
It is worth mentioning that the $10 fare must be paid in coins.
Parang noodle is the best
Terrific food! Bountiful! Perhaps the best Chinese food we've eaten in the valley.
Worst white pie ever! Do not recommend it at ALL! :P
Ok, let's see what the hype is all about!
The oxtail chili cheese fries are awesome - had to eat first then take pic!
They take peanut allergies serious here which is great for our family who has many kids with peanut allergies.
Best burger in town. Perfectly cooked through with amazing and interesting flavors.
The Kalbi burger. YUM.
Food is good but the service is not .
I have found THE hamburger place in town!!
Perfect Shogun burger and sweet potatoes fries!!!!
Just tried this place and WOW!!! Oxtail chili cheese fries are a must.
I come here just for the Caesar salad :)... Umami!!!
This place is so good. I highly recommend. Love the fries and the dips they use mmm
Best burger I've had here in Vegas!
Third time here.  Food great. Service is fucking awful.  Doubt I'll be back.
Beautiful spot, good wine selection, poor service, and mediocre food.
Still amazing. One of the best chains around.
Awesome food and service!! Thank you Aunty Eunice!!
I'd definitely eat there again and for what we paid, it was the best!
Hands down! Bomb korean food! Awesome service! Great prices! And lively environment!
Fantastic and traditional place!!
Amazing food service and atmosphere
Lots of unknown wines.  No bottle beer.
Wonderful company and great crew! They are the best!
Love the chatter of the downtown meet up in here, the place is so chill everyone having meetings and on there laptops and cell phone.
Espresso is on point.
Excellent, down to earth coffee in this town of excess and mass produced opulence.
Nice little place with good coffee and really nice staff!
Soda is sold by the can, just FYI.
Our new favorite Asian food in Tempe!
Great service! Knowledgeable and efficient. Will definitely recommend and use again!
Loved it! Spent my birthday here with Fsmiky. Music and food was superb!
The most fun dinner I have ever had everything was so amazing
That's a good experience at STK steakhouse. The steak here is really great!
Incredible atmosphere....incredibly average steak.
Great coffee but AMAZING scones!!!   Seriously... Life changing scones!
Another terrific mani. Ready for my Ireland trip. Thank you Ken and company
Fast and friendly first thing in the morning! Opened early for me one morning!
Love their flavors and their community involvement.
"Call-A-Cab" they said !
It's about time Edinburgh had Mexican worth eating.
Delicious, not heavy or greasy, perfect spice, great service!
I love this place just ordered the chicken curry,rice and garlic naan. So good!
Grade A quality food as well as quantity. Always good service. Love the place.
Absolutely delish!  The silver noodle soup and shrimp fried rice are excellent!
Been 3 times and every time I'm come I order something different and it wows me
Best damn Tea/Smoothie shop period. Great customer service! Love this place!
Service was crappy. Wine was horrible. Food was eh.
Very disappointed with the food quality. Grilled Onions and mushrooms were not cooked. Burger was dripping oil. I cant believe this is being served to people
Awesome.  Passing through from philly to atlanta. Kids had a blast
Amazing crepes in a cute little place!
Great crepe, just wish they had a longer opening hours
Best Crepes in Arizona by far!  Great spot for breakfast or brunch.
Blows subway out of the water FASHO!
First time here had the Rueben and was not disappointed.
Worst, most bland pizza *ever*
Great Hawaiian food, love the malasadas rolled in tons of sugar!!!!
Great sandwich and good beer!
Fried pickles, North Brunswick panini, and Slammin' Sammi....say no more.
Not a great selection on the AYCE
We love their food and all the stuff working there are super nice, but sadly we are never coming back again after the rudeness of the owner today. We didn't even mind the drive and the prices, which are are little high. The owner lady was very mean and disrespectful to us, we are long time customers! Loyal and even recommended a lot of ppl to come.... She has the worst customer service ever!  Good job loosing a regular loyal customer!
The food here is excellent. A must try if you are in the mood for Mexican food.
River view room is amazing! Especially cool to have a view of the stadium while the pirates are playing! Be sure to ask for binoculars if they haven't provided them in your room!
Excellent hotel and a fantastic location.
My weakness Carmel frap..
Best corned beef sandwiches and cheesecake!
GREAT and FAST! A little chaotic, but delicious and took no time at all to be ready
Best corned beef ever!!!!!!
Take your time...it's not Sea World, you will run out of things to see and do if you rush!
A few neat exhibits but overall just a very expensive half hour.  Meh.
Service is very bad , food has no taste ,  price is too hi
If you watch DD&D, it is as good as Guy says!
The food was great and the service excellent!
Moment I walked in the door I knew it was going to be wicked good!
Love the decor, and the food is great. Try the octopus!
Ordered carne asada fries but food was not as warm.
Worse club ever. Sooooo rude. Promoters lie and door people are unbelievably awful.
Our favorite neighborhood sushi bar. The Anthem & Cucumber rolls are best!
One of my go-to's for sushi in this area of Las Vegas.
Consistently delicious and superb service!
Easy with a lot of kids with different likes
The food is always great and the staff if very friendly and helpful.
I just found my new addiction!!
Veg Out is amazing!!!!!
Sooo good!! Super crew also joined them
It was a amazing. Show... Great for all ages and funny as all heck
Awesome show!!  Loved it!!
The Internet connection is so slow. I could barely check e-mail. The televisions are inconveniently placed in the family suites. The beds are stiff and the water in the sink and shower smell and tastes severely of bleach. The walls are so thin just having a conversation in normal tones in our room brought a noise complaint. The bar closes way too early although the bartender Valerie was a charming woman, very skilled at mixing drinks. The rides were fun but the stairs to get there were not.
Amazing fun to be had!
The all you can eat lunch is gone!
I love the groves! Great service, great food, and a great location!!!
Best deal in Gilbert.
Bad service. Food is uninspired. Not a fan.
Been going here for years. Prices are getting a little high though
Great valentine's day spot! Vegan/vegetarian options and super fresh ingredients. My new favorite!
Lots of retro sodas to choose from!
Solid food and a large selection of vintage sodas.It was worth the drive :)
Best burgers in Town period. Fried green chili burger is the bomb.
Awesome! Delicious Bacon cheese burger. Great fries. Clean and friendly.
Best chinese in town . Only problem is that I have to wait long to place order. try three cup chicken, fried whole fish, steamed bread with meat
見面不如聞名！it was ok, like other Chinese restaurants in the U.S.
Love crispy tofu here .. cashew tofu is also good for vegetarians
Love crispy tofu here .. cashew tofu is also good for vegetarians
多樣菜色選擇，口味尚可，至少不是每道菜都用醬油炒的又黑又鹹。
Amazing food amazing view
Solid NY style deli.  Reminds me of Katz in Houston.  Wish it was open 24 hours.
Always great food.great service top notch place everytime every plate!!!
We thoroughly enjoyed the marshmallow madness and chocolate grananche  brownie.
definitely one of a kind.
Awesome place! Delicious sandwiches and friendly people. Cant go wrong.
We went around 5pm on a weekday and even though it was not super busy we barely saw our waitress. They burned our pizza and didn't tell us they were remaking it until my husband went to see why it was taking 30 minutes for a thin crust pizza. Manager nor waitress were apologetic.
Delicious lemon tart, passion fruit, and Nutella cake!
Chicken Carbonara on fire!!
Must be pretty good if I've come back for a second vehicle to be done.
Amazing work and my car looks fantastic!
Great customer service, friendly sales reps, and fast and quality workmanship.
Pathetic job..got a manicure done with so many bruises!
Front desk staff likes to help without a smile...
Leur sandwich au poulet est très savoureux. J'en mangerais à tous les jours.
"5" across the board. Organic Coffee!
Best coffee in summerlin!!!!
Still love this place. One of the few authentic coffee shops in Vegas.
One of my favorite coffee place  in whole town.
They are no longer at that location n e more....
Food was pretty good! My pick up order was ready for pick up in 10-15 minutes.
Simply great food.  Service is great and everything was delicious.
The service, food, and drinks are amazing!
This is the best place to find a game in Vegas! Hands down!
Is a beer before noon a bad idea?  Not if it's a Black and Tan
Decent place with ok food and drinks, good neighborhood hangout but nothing special.
OMG the Korean Short Rob street tacos are to die for!
Great place to drink had a wonderful time with my friend and a lot to choose from
Great food at cheap prices. Must try pork belly tacos and bulgogi nachos!
The chow fettucini was so/so.
Great food and flavor and the bulgogi had an awesome taste.
Cheapest Mexican breakfast in town!!!  Great food and ok service.
Great Belgium selection!!!
They make mulled wine on demand. Just ask. Yes, even after Christmas is over!
This place looks amazing. How did I not know it existed
DON'T go here for lunch! The Gus's is designed for the after club crowd. NOT the local businesses' lunch crowd.
The best shawarma in townOpen late and  always hit the spot
Kemo Babayt. Warm Israeli atmosphere friendly service and tasty food.
Service is slow as always.
Incorrect order every single time we give them a try....poor management.
Huge burgers! Excellent service and the best sweet potato waffle fries :). Get a table overlooking the golf course.
Beer wings sports.... Can't beat it
Food sucks and staff is even worse. I can't believe that people pay to eat there.
Fun atmosphere- great food!!!  Bri is the best server!!!
Food wasn't anything to rave over. Service was kinda horrible.
Great service. Great food. Check out local dines for discounts. Will be back maybe for brunch on Sunday.
kookoo e-sabzi is WONDERFUL!!! love Iranian food. sharbat drink is quite good also
Excellent food and service with a great dining experience
Fast readable prides sandwich.  Opens 24 hours.  Service was fast and efficient.
Always so nice and quick and professional. I recommend this location.
My favorite spot for ramen in LV. Just be prepared for a really long wait, even at 10:30p.
ramen is good，but my favorite is pork belly bowl。they are very delicious。
I really like their noodles! If you don't like salt, you can ask less salt.
Had the spicy tonkatsu ramen. Was awesome especially for the price!
Get 2 things!  It's just so good!
All the reviews are right!  WOW! So good.
Omg I'm so full and my tummy is happy :)
Very delicious Kyushu Ramen in America!Like I eat in Japan
Amazing!  Great Ramen!Great Prices!Great Service!
Best ramen I've ever had!! Plus awesome fry rice!!
Always pack no matter what time of day. It's a good spot great quality broth.
I will never stay here again!!!!! Very nasty place just filthy!!!!!!!
This Pizza is delicious. Very good I would recommend to everyone
Gonna try the pulled pork
Pull pork sandwich with Mac and cheese and potato salad.  All were very tasty!
Can't go wrong with the BBQ burrito!
Teppinyaki, large servings, great meat and fish...just awesome!
Great food.  Large portions.  Always fresh and amazing pricing!
Dominick was extremely rude. Worst service I have ever received at any PTs ever.
My favorite nail salon in all of Vegas!!! Summer is the absolute best in town!!! (:
This family owned business was awesome ! Came the same day we called !
Great pizza for 2:30am Def ask for extra toppings though.
Worst food horrible service we walk in and the host sat us down while she's  chewing on food ok what ever then I ordered the thing everyone was raving about the prime rib, my partner orders a burger so the prime rib was full of nerve ewww! And my partner found the plastic wrap for bread in his burger!!! Nasty we told the server and she did not apologize she takes it back and removes it and brings it back mad at us excuse me! First off tell you're kitchen to not put objects (unsanitary)
They have great sandwiches and 2 free egg rolls with a yelp check in? Yes please!
Singapore Rice Noodles. That is all you need to know. So good!
Understaffed .... very slow service, poor attitudes
Not enough shade and there's no water within the dog park.
Wooo ..it's like Disneyland without the food and fun rides.
On Saturday they open before their said 8am time. Get here around 7am to avoid long lines. Also, get in the line for information. They will give you your wait #. Do it as soon as you walk in. They are pretty good at moving through ppl at fast enough pace.
Come here for a reality check on govt run efficiency !
They are absolute the WORST I've ever experienced!!!
CIAA day party off the chain
Good customer service. Decent food. Price is right
Delicious Food, great service... (Carnitas tacos were perfect)
Hidden wine bar just off Charlotte square with a lovely selection of wine
Pas cher, bonne bouffe, grosse bière...endroit idéal pour les évènements sportifs
Fantastic - warning! Poncy word approaching - ambience, even in the typical winter torrential rain. The Paulaner at the top stall is amazingly fresh, and recommended.
So I've tried about 6 nails shops in Henderson and lasvegas and I  polished!
1 of the best nail salon in las vegas
So good, just like family makes in New York!
This place is absolutely amazing!!!
Great food and the owners are amazing! We will definitely be back!
I love this place! Every time I come the food is great and the service is amazing!
Nice place especially during summer to enjoy the inner yard.
Leckeres eis...moderate Preise...Chefin etwas launisch!!!
Everything that's fresh, raw & healthy! (It was Real Food Charlotte) Located in Atherton Mills off South Blvd.
Try the organic smoothies!!! OMG amazing!
Food is always amazing! I get upset when my meal is gone, I never want it to end!
Absolutely amazing! Everytime!
Beyond amazing. I want everything on the menu!
Good customer service, did the job quick and efficient. Was in and out in no time.
Adult pool day time, party club at night!!
Great cup of tea and oatmeal cookie before our flight home .
Service was unacceptably slow today. Don't use mostly new staff at once. Bad idea.
fish cake is very good. it is cheap and nice. It may be a bit difficult to find it. But it is big inside. and the steak is tasty as well.
Dates and bacon, pretty good.
Love the sparkling sangria and bacon wrap dates
This is our go to for all hair accessories! We love this place!
Love that they added the 1/4 mile marker around the park.
Great Chinese restaurant
Great services and great fresh seafood!
The razor clams in Chinese style sauce is one of the items I enjoyed most.
Freundliches Personal. War schnell
Im großen Kino machen Filme einfach deutlich mehr Spaß.
Good food! Huge portion! The price is not so bad either.
They gave me great service my car was beautiful thanks Matt!!
Great looking shop, there wasn't enough staff. Or they were too busy talking with customers took ages to get through the check out!
One of Scotland's best Sunday breakfasts as recommended by Peter Irvine in 'Scotland the Best 2012'
Super bis 22 Uhr einkaufen
Schöne Location... Leider warten wir seit 40min auf unsere Bestellung
Very expensive liquor and a horrible wine selection.
Gutes und günstiges Thai- und Chinaessen.
The Carnita's are to die for! Fast food but yummy!
Der wunderbare Hauptbahnhof! Ideal um die Fernwehlust zu stillen, oder einfach froh zu sein, dass der ICE heute nur 10 min Verspätung hat!
Food and drinks are fine.  Service is lacking.
Good quality Mexican restaurant. Great seafood.
Awesome view, delicious beers, and good food at a reasonable price
Best wings in North Las Vegas
Yummy yummy yummy!! Gonna come back for sure.
Love this place.   Taking my boss to lunch I hope he enjoys it too!!
Great atmosphere, owners and employees extremely friendly. Great Happy Hour.
This is the ONLY place I've been to in the area that I experienced NY/NJ tasting Chinese food! Its the best with wonderful service & clean!
Ready to see OZ with wife and son.
Great food. Big portions. The service was great.
Just had omg chicken. That is the name for it, and omg it was amazing
Great meal! Wonderful atmosphere and great service. Thank you!
Come to this store with a lot of pacience. The staff is friendly but the place is always crowded.
Demander a gouter les parfums avant de composer votre frozen yogurt
One of the best gym I ever been. Very good staff and very friendly people .
Having some Kona Longboard Beer and some... "zingers" ?? More later....
Great food and friendly service always. This place is good you won't disappointed!
Great hot dog along with good prices makes this place a winner.
Great chicken souvlaki and Greek pasta. Try it!
Super friendly service, owner attention, great pulled pork nachos, local craft brews on tap.
Fünf Sterne für die Nostalgie.
Customer service is always great! Thank you for all of your help!
Until 3/31/2013 there's a buy one get one free burger coupon online. Great deal!
Ask for Dante Marcy, he's an adult blonde male. He will service you so good and hard you'll be begging for more.
Tapas are incredible! I love them all! Spinach Salad is a must order. I think the Massaman Curry is the best Curry I have ever had. Also love the Green Steak Curry Avocado!
Excellent food and service, amazing place!
Great curry dishes and atmosphere. I highly recommend the Thai donuts.
Steak avocado curry amazing. Service was awesome and spinach salad amazing as well
Cheap. Friendly. Tasty. What more could one want?
No reservations,  no call ahead seating.
Yelp Hours say they are closed on Sundays but they are open.
This is the best Mexican food in Arizona!!
Look down into the basin or you'll miss it!
Have a great time every time I go.
This Place is super awesome!! Very Hype and fun!!!
Try the veggie frites! They're amazing!
This place always hits the spot. Best burgers by far!
This place was filthy and found a hair in my burger
This place is delicious!
Beware if server spills a beer in the room
Great pharm , super quick less than stated I love cvs
Love the veggie pizza!  Great service...very friendly.  Super prices and specials.
Yummy food & great service
Can't complain the food n service is always good.
Great service,  yummy food and cheap :)Goes over great with my  preschooler.
Best chicken strips in Las Vegas!!
Very original! A pleasant treat! A must try!
Trendy - good energy and ambiance - nice TV displays. Nice Happy Hour menu
TAPAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Awesome food.
Amazing place would def recommend.
My new favorite restaurant. Jorge, the bartender, is superb and our server Aaron was fantastic! The food was AMAZING! Everything we ordered was delicious. Bacon wrapped date had me speechless.
Good food but absolutely terrible service!!!
Hate coming here they take forever to make your pizza regardless if it's eat here/2go and the customer service sucks the staff is rude, I've had problems with my pizza before and they always have a attitude correcting it and never offer anything for my problem
Ready to listen to the middle schoolers rock out in band!
Food was bland. Horchata was really spicy.
I love their pupusas. I haven't tried anything other then that.
Great food! Great service! This is a regular go to for my husband and I!
Great gelato. The prices are reasonable and the servings are plentiful!
Don't think twice. Just go!!!!  You won't be disappointed :)
Quick and friendly service. My Smoothie Barista even brought my drinks out to me.
Authentic & great tasting poke, if you're craving something from the islands
Great food, great all day happy hour prices, and very friendly service.
Great food, and service! Very casual
High hedges in parking lot. Pretty dangerous. Can't see if car is coming around the corner.
This location is CLOSED
Order the Tom Collins, yummy!
Musique un peu forte...
Had 3 tacos for lunch...Paco, Country Fried and Fish. I've been mouthfarting ever since. Hopefully it stops soon.
Great service, atmosphere and food. Would definitely recommend and go again.
Get your seats reserved online with open table.   Easier and faster than at the door.
Great place to satisfy your sweet tooth! Our waitress Erica was so pleasant the first time we visited. Second time we weren't as lucky with the service or the food, but then again we ordered sandwiches.
Yum! Yum! Yummy! Yum and yummy!!
Awesome happy hour!  $6 cocktails
Great food....horrible customer service.
Amazing food great service! 5 stars for this place
Ok local thia for good prices. Nothing crazy but gets the job done
The food was absolutely delicious. And very very reasonably priced.
Delicious food, affordable,big serving and nice staff.. Definitely going back here
Very flavorful! Best is gutti vankaya eggplant curry and mango kulfi
bring your own towels
Good locals joint for breakfast !
Will be a habit whenever in Montreal
Favorite place to see a flic! Love this place!
There are a lot of buildings and lights here. Lots of people too.
Always a bad ass place to just say fuck it lets roll last second !!!!
I really enjoyed my experience at the Camelback location....it was dinner & a show.
This place is amazing and will never disappoint. Top five best burgers ever
Nice little ice cream place.
This place has come a long way. It is clean, friendly and the staff is great. But its always practically empty. Only been to the bar section, however now they have a pet friendly patio. Also it's now opened 24hrs..
Another visit and another great experience. ..hidden gem!
Great crew and awesome food!
My go to spot always!
Boring but kids love it!  DONT GO ON THE WEEKEND and bundle up!!!
Their omelets are phenomenal!!! I highly recommend them... The eggs and ingredients are always so fresh and delicious!
Worse lox I've ever had and cost an arm and leg
Great breakfast bagel sandwich. Menu is vast and they have knish!
my favorite stylist Ashton! She just moved to this salon & is amazing
Consistent, Yummmmmy food!!! Fast service and dependable for catering parties!!!
Food is good just way over priced.
Terrible airlines avoid if at all possible
So sure...lowest price plane ticket to Vegas; then $70 r/t to check one bag; $55 r/t to sit with your travel companion; $50 r/t because the bag is under the weight limit for every airline on the planet...except theirs; $8 r/t if you don't print your boarding pass before you get there; ....
Husband says best pizza we have tried here. I really enjoyed the wings.
Posted a parcel 3 weeks ago.....never arrived.
Worst service!!! Don't go here!!
Never too long of a wait. Staff is always talk-a-tive & smiling!
Awesome and friendly staff helped me get everything j need!
周五晚上自助餐，有巴西舞助兴，种类有点少，不过量很大，每种吃一遍基本就差不多了
Where's the beef?  I am use to more meat in my pho.  I fished out 5 slices...pretty weak!
Excellent Pho is a nice atmosphere!  Delicious!!
Great service and great food we will definitely be back!!! Fresh ingredients
Best Vietnamese place in town.
Best Vietnamese place in town.
This place has pretty good tempura
Carne Asada fries for $5!
I've been back a few times and seriously, this place...is awesome!
This place is awesome!!! Great prices and portions!!! Took my wife and she loved it!
Busy place even for lunch but the tacos are cheap and really good!
Amazingly greasy as FFFF. But it's too good lol.
Nummmmmmy  a little piece of Mexico in Vegas
Great Mexican food with a simple menu of 10-15 tacos $2/taco
5 stars nuff said! 4 de buche por favor.
Best tacos north of the border!!!! A must try if visiting Vegas.
Bomb Tacos de tripa perfectly done. Crispy.
Great service and tasty food.
Not worth the time or money.  There are much better places in the neighborhood.
I love Direct Tv, my experience with them so far has been exceptional.
Horrible never should have left cox! Regrets! Regrets!  Movies drop off! Tv stops!
Came to eat here and when we first arrived the owner/driver backed out so fast he almost hit us. We went in to eat inside and while we were eating and looking outside the owner/driver came back and parked next to our car, looked around and pushed his car door into our car on purpose, we watched the whole thing. We couldn't believe it. We did say something too. We will NEVER go back there again. I can't believe that was the owner of this place. Do NOT go there
Teach your drivers how to Drive !!!  Is he/she drunk ???  Terrible driver.
I wouldn't stay in this dump again if it was for free
Outstanding food.  Lamb, venison and duck were a big hit for us.  Strawberry in port was superb dessert.
Love love this place! Excellent chicken and service..we are regulars
Food = great! The people = great. We go there all the time! Sooo good
Fantastic food and flavors! Excellent sercive! Great friendly  atmosphere.
Very fair prices. A lot of seating, cool music, and the drinks are the best part.
Best coffee in town!!!! Great food too
Favorite mom n pop coffee shop! The chai tea latte will change your life forever!
Great breakfast munchies. Clean. Wide open spaces. Wifi. Oh, and great coffee.
The crepes are super yummy!
So good!! Excellent biscuits and gravy- I thought I was back in the South.
I love eating at this place but I wish it had better service
Great, ridiculously huge frozen drinks. Expensive, but it's Vegas so of course.
Quick clean job done at a fair price.
Good location, good vibe, pricey for a middle eastern hangout place.
Sucks sucks sucks... It's open 24 hours and the dude was sleeping...boooooooo
Just like the old country.....Chicago. Delicious iced caramel coffee and everything bagel.
Love this place! Great beer selection!!
$20 for a dozen Atlantic oysters on the half shell. Not too shabby, Charlotte!
The best car wash I've ever had
Not good on music. Scenery and Monday happy hour is the only reason to come.
Henry the bartender is awesome. Great outdoor bar. The red Sangria is tasty.
Team Johnson #21 Michael Turner the burner baby!
Closed? I went over here hoping to play badminton but it was closed.
Good veggie food. Hot chapatis. Try the thali.
The Thali is so fresh and good! They have the best paratha and they're big.
Very good food. Come hungry awesome sushi!!
Delicious and unique ice cream made by incredibly nice people
Great service and nice setting.
Don't miss the saffron ice cream
Awesome firm with a super friendly staff! Highly recommended to all my friends.
Love their monthly package
Great deal for a monthly pass but many of the workers are rude
Awesome car wash for a great price!
Always great service,  polite, efficient staff
The pork oso bucco is last meal worthy! Seriously.
Steven at the frame department is very pleasant and helpful
Gas here was great but it was a bit cold for my liking.
Tuesday's kids eat free!
Everything was fresh and excellent quick service friendly bar staff
Well.. Super good service by David and the support  staff. ..Very professional. ..
Ask for Maddy, she will take care of you! She does such a great job.
They are the nicest batista ever.
Great selection of 4 Peak Brewery beers
Here's a quick tip, if you want pizza, keep walking toward C12ish there is a sabarro... Go there
Be prepared to spend a little more for a huge portion. I definitely recommend sharing a plate instead of ordering your own.
I don't review much but this place isn't worth it.
Awesome changes. Ask for Danny the manager. He made it right right right!
The best thai food in town. I love this place.
Yummy. Everything is always on point.
So delicious!!! The best Thai food I've had!
Firearm transfer fee is $30 per firearm. So if you buy 10 AR-15 stripped lowers from Brownells and have them all transferred through Lock N Load, you will pay $300 in transfer fees. I just learned this the hard way.
Everything tasted really good and Bree the waitress was awesome too!
I love this place. The food is awesome and the staff is friendly and welcoming.
Family loves this place.  Something for everyone.
Alaska Airlines Board Room members welcome
Good cuts, good price, nice folks.
Great customer service, friendly team, competitive rates.
The combos are a rip off and the sushi is very mediocre.
Get their complimentary hot salsa (green); it's super tasty and it won't burn your tongue.
Seen her work on over 10 people. Simply outstanding and a great person.
Good food, nice place to have a glass of wine and pizza  with friends and family.
We tried the corned beef sandwich. I'm not the biggest fan of
I've had the tamales with chili and they are awesome my favorite dish hands down
Sad that they are closing!  Here for one of the last nights.
Superb food, friendly service, just awesome!
Wings and nachos were good but our server was not so great...
Yuck!  Very disappointed!  Will not go back.
Food, not so good. Service, so so. Don't waste your time.
Great place , always clean and friendly staff and they take good care of my baby
Love this place.  Such good spray tans!!!
Great food. Great service. Angry young millennials looking for fights.
My new favorite spot.
Roast duck, roast pork, and char siu!!
Overall really good and authentic food!
Delicious and great service too!!!!
A must go place if a Chinese coming to LV!
Friendly and prompt service on a Saturday!
#1 plumbing just left my house and I have ZERO complaints. They were professional, quick, courteous and fixed my leak with minimal inconvenience. I can't imagine not calling #1 plumbing for all my plumbing & a/c needs!
Great place for Chinese food. Price just right, with lots of choices. Quite a crowd.
Ask for Rachel. She rocks!  Calamari is ok. Typical inland previously frozen but not chewy. Recommended entrées are the Polo's Pasta and Salciccia Pasta are the Bomb!
This may become my new favorite spot. Nice wine list, live music, great staff and the food is amazing! The bar looks pretty good too. Def coming back for more many times to come.
Can't go wrong with a sandwich here! Turkey Reuben was perfectly grilled and just the right amount of coleslaw & sauce.
If you ever need to try veal meatballs once in your life, then you must try them at Otto. Need I say more?!
Great rustic Italian food!
Got me at the last min these people are the best thanks so much!!!!!!!
Love love love the Chicken Fried Rice
This was the worst food I have ever eaten! On earth
Really, really weak beer selection.
I love their wings! They are grilled!  Great service.
The wings are so delicious!!! A lot of snacks.Mango lemonade is my favorite.
Great group! I would highly recommend to anyone looking for scuba lessons!
This is a great place to watch the game, especially when it's so gorgeous outside. They open the doors and let the air flow. Ask for the sweet potato fries - they aren't on the menu!
Mexi Mocha is yumtastic!!!
When most people hear coffee they think of Starbucks. Well you won't after getting your morning cup of joe here. First time here and found it on accident and the drinks were amazing. Must try.
The food here is very tasty, and the customer service is superb!
Die Bedienung war sehr nett. Der Cocktail und die burger waren lecker
Awesome fast service. Jantra did a wonderful job on my nails. I will come back.
The dinner box is pretty big 4 the price.
Good after hours spot!
I haven't left a restaurant due to the service in a very long time so, it's upsetting that I had to leave this dinner because of it. I have eaten here on numerous occasions, both late night and for brunch. Though it seems the service has been put last on the list.  45+ minutes for two eggs and grits on a sunday at 2pm is inconceivable with over 10 people on wait staff, and I ended up taking my order to go which had not a single thing I ordered correct, and no utensils or napkins.
Very clean restaurant,staff is really nice,and the shrimp grits dish is so good..
Worth the drive. One of the most challenging courses in Arizona.
Idiots can't even do a simple delivery. Lost my business and future business.
Kevin was awesome for the sunset tomcar tour!
Very nice job on my daughters cake. Worth the trip from Tolleson.
Best Chinese I've had since moving to the south.
Excellent sandwiches, and a very efficient place for a quick lunch.
Took over 45 minutes. Not freaky fast :( & the bread was stale.
Great place and food. Unfriendly staff. Looked bored and over worked.
Love this place! So glad it's local.
They have EVERYTHING and it's always an adventure
You can concoct any flavor you wish. Absolute craziness!
"CRAPiottis"  Why didn't I think of that for my first review??
Awesome store!! The staff is very helpful!!
Best steaks in the area, always cooked to perfection and top notch service.
Hostees was so rude at the door I didn't even sit down.
This place is awesome. If I still lived in AZ I would make this a usual stop.
Best elementary school there is!
Very helpful and went above and beyond in duck a short time frame....
They had every single item I needed so far for my baby shower!!
Great selection of party supplies great customer service
Have everything you need for a party! It's the go to store.
Lots of balloons! And lots of party props! Fun supplies for every occasion.
Great place to get your balloons filled! Quick and friendly service.
My favorite place for supplies very cool people
Lots of fun stuff. They even have a post office woth much friendlier service;)
Great service by Tasha. Great prices  always have what I need
I know where to get my party supplies!:)
Great store! They have everything you'll ever need for a party.
Best place ever for balloons!
Party USA has great selection of party supplies and costumes!
Stephanie was a great help saved the party!!
Love this place, better than Robertos!
Tiny drinks big prices not sure about this place yet.  Location was really good otherwise .not worth the extra money for location
Fast service. Tasty ice cream. SMALLEST sundae ever!
Terrible customer service . Coffee is 90% sugar - gross .
Everyone is always so unhappy here.
Everyone is amazing!!
Excellent service excellent coffee!
Delicious breakfast sandwich and coffee.  Their line took a little too long.
The service here is absolutely horrid.
This is my go to store for pool care and help.
Love this place!! Everything is good here.
Loved it! So Rich and flavorful. Not expensive.
Very good, good price. Fresh made to order. Light atmosphere
Yum. Delicious. Fast. Nuff said.
Fantastic meal every time we eat here! Friendly staff as well!
Awesome. Love this place!! Chicken kabob and gyro are my favorite,
Go with a group and sample as many pancake flavors as you can! They were all surprising and delicious
Try the velvet pancakes is so delicious!
Red velvet pancakes were great, but the wait was over an hour long.
Great food.. I'll be back.. This is a good place to spoil yourself.
Best prices in town!!!! The staff is very helpful and friendly.
Great customer service. Never gets my order wrong !
This was the best!!!! Fish Tacos killed itWe will totally be back
Fusion specialty bento box! This is a brilliant concept!
Not enough good adjectives to describe this awesome restaurant
Amazing food and drinks.
Love this place. My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a week...sometimes more!
Inexpensive, decent flavor rotation, bike rideable  (close by) and the kid loves it.
dog shit everywhere it's bullshit
Crab legs were so good with their seasoning that I NEVER eat it without the butter and this is my first time I skipped the butter! D-LISH!
Over priced and disappointing. I've had better fish at Long Johns
Good happy hour average but yummy
These guys even called my insurance while I was on the phone Stephan is a great guy!
Food is decent, but would like my food spicier. Great lunch specials.
Yummy Tom ka gai soup.
we love the Thai food at Weera, can't wait to come back!
Authentic Thai food .. Good service . My favorite place to eat
Visit Las Vegas every time we ate at Weera Thai 3 days in the row
This place is AWESOME!!! Excellent Thai food, service, and atmosphere!
Loved the Brooklyn location so was happy to see one here. Much more intimate than the original location
Best fried chicken and service in the State!
Great food. The spicy garlic wings are amazing!
Best place for your babies to stay
Great Park with a good shaded picnic area!
Overrated unless you like lots  if food.
Super friendly service. When the line starts to build up they open another checkout.
Best tacos in town. Period.
Delicious food! Everything was wonderful. :) I recommend chicken tikka :)
Best Indian food in Vegas. Completely delicious.
Excellent food and amazing service!
Great food, nice atmosphere, a little more of a date night spot than family dining.
The lobster pasta is fantastic and just the right amount of food
Best place in the world. The food is ridiculous. Unique and delicious.
Great service. All the girls are great and help make it a pain free experience.
Very satisfied!  Great food! Quiet!  Perfect!
The best place in Fountain Hills for a foody to find something great to eat!
A-1 garage door service is the best garage door company we have found.
Great music on Sundays! Perfect if you wanna just chill & enjoy a latte.
Great food and atmosphere!
Great crepes, very yummy, good espresso, but I do not like the vibe in this place.
For a great pizza joint across the street, this can't be beat.
My drink always perfect here and the staff is overall fantastic.
Great friendly service!  My cheat day was better then expected!
This place is AMazing!! My favorite pizza place !!
Best pizza place in town- Great food, great people! Can't ask for more..
Good food. Pizza, wings and salad. Next time Alfredo or Ziti!
Kiddi got Bananas Foster Crepe & I got the Rebel Special..yummmmmm!
Favorite place to get crepes!!
Soo yummy! Love coming here when we are in Las Vegas
I love the fresh baked goods!!  They come out at 6:30am everyday nice and hot!!
Always great food and friendly service. Love this place.
The best gourmet Syrian cuisine in town, you have to get fatet mouzat
Try the fleur de sel cookie! AMAZING!
Great sandwiches. Always a good crowd!Parking is a little tight.
Croissants melt in your mouth.
Come play ball here they have 2 courts for b ball
For 60 cents you can add the Banana and Cream Belgian waffle to my breakfast.
Plenty of shoes to choose from.  Staff was nice and helpful.
Picked up 2 doz.@3pm on a thurs. All stale hard as a rock
NOT open on time on a Saturday morning. What a disappointment.
Excellent chicken, very friendly staff, very nice environment.  This place is great.
All of the smokey chipotle and poblano specials look amazing @mmMyersPark
Great food and great service. Very impressed.
No Mas no mas, but Lord that was good!
Chili's baby back ribs! The new chicken bowls and mango lemonade!
Kevin Burke is phenomenal!
Line is long but coffee is totally worth it
I'm thankful for the auto-fill on my Rx and the reminder phone call when it's ready
Very good with the kids highly recommend!
Amazing as ALWAYS!! Italian Grinder and Hot Pastrami.
Love their macaroons!
Love this place. Great Cakes and pastries!!
Great macarons -- a bit pricey, but delicious.     Beautiful pastry and cakes.
Great food and desserts but slow service.
Can't go wrong with anything at this bakery! The chocolate cake is amazing!!!
The slowest chipotle by far, be ready to wait ...
Good: the music. Bad: hot. crowded. pricey covers. beyond-ghetto clientele.
Best burger in town!!! These guys nailed it again!
Best rated burger joint with price and quality hands-down.
Buffalo Shrimp Tacos! Get them!
Great burgers. Relaxed atmosphere & good prices.
Love the atmosphere and the beer selection...
Food is okay, nothing to write home about, servers seem like their mad at the world
Great burgers...never leave disappointed.
Awesome hush puppies great service wife loved it and I will go back!
Great food - Even better price for what you get...
Get the charcuterie plate!
These guys rock. Fixed my i5 glass super fast. Nice clean friendly place.
Hidden gem in downtown chandler. Cozy breakfast and lunch  spot. A must try spot.
Delicious food!! Love the outdoor set up too!
Awesome place to find cute staff from the past but still look chick.
This place would fit in nicely inside a upscale casino hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Except then, the prices would be 40% higher! Worth the trip out here, even if you are a tourist or visitor.
Very good hidden gem for breakfast!
Great food, coffee and service
Love this place! Great food!
Great service good food would I go again YES.! Do I recommend this for others yes
Best breakfast in town! Great service too! Food always come out perfect!
Awesome food, good people. Love steak and egg
Solid choice for breakfast food!  Friendly staff great environment!
Over priced place. Food is mediocre. Servers wear pjs which Is cute I guess.
Awesome breakfast place.... nice decor and Lavazza coffee!
Good food, just a little expensive.  Almost as much as the prices on the strip.
Love this place!! Absolutely amazing food and service!
AMAZING! they have great food & customer service
Just go to Rise and Shine, you'll give it 5 stars too!
Good food but they charged an arm and a leg for guac and sour cream. #dislike
Lion fish ceviche es sensational! Such a delight, what a delicacy!
Tacos and Tequila! Try her new Honey Margarita it is pretty good.
Very pleasant! Unpretentious, charming, and good food.
I love this place! They are the most considerate company. I want to shout from the rooftops!
Great place, perfect stress relief mantra.
The avocado is mashed,  it makes a great substitute for mayo!
Parking can be tight, so arrive early
Incredible dessert case!
Love their chips and salsa !!!!
I'm just not a fan...not of the food and not of the service
Good food good service
This shop is CLOSED‼& I understandOut of business....too bad
Chicken chop salad is a must try
Good for the health nut. Have Vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options.
Come during off-peak hours! Great for vegetarians!
The "TLT" is so delicious!!!
Absolutely  this place !!!
Amazing facilities!Train ride is cute and realistic.
This place is totally worth a visit. You won't be disappointed. Awesome chicken!
The burgers were ok. Homemade tasting buns. I had the chili burger, the chili was luke warm, yet it saved the burger. Service was excellent.
Don't waste your time emailing the manager because he won't respond.
Best service ever. So convenient. So helpful.
Huge portions.. Great taste.. And very good pricing!
Food was good! Service was alright! Would defiantly come back
Good happy hour but not a fan of the food. Even the chips and salsa wasn't appealing
I love this stuff. Works great all the time on all and everything
I loved how spicy everything was! Service was quick and the food was good.
I love this place! Best pad Thai and Thai tea! Clean and wonderful staff
Perfect is all that need be said no pressure very helpful
Finally went for the first time. AMAZING, 4x2animal animalfries choco shake. YUM
Fast & friendly service, consistently delicious, always a favorite!
Yummmo great burgers what can I say want a good no great burger go here for one
Stopped in for a beer and it was delightful.
Slow and horrible service.  40 mins to take our order and no silverware.
Great service & food was on point.
Great food, and great service. I could eat here every day and not get tired of it.
Overly priced but very yummy and addicting
Great coffee but the wait is long.
Had the southwestern shrimp burro and crab relleno.  It was very good!
Always good food and service.
Best Mexican food in the area!! Only problem is the restaurants to small.
The pizza here is delicious! One giant slice = 2 sclices with a drink for only $4.25... love it!
Best cup cakes and chocolate covered bacon you will ever eat hands down!!
It was ok. Felt like it is too over priced for what you get.
Excellent dinner and a show!!!! We were very impressed with the rib eye.
Great pizza. Good atmosphere and wine specials. Always great service
This place is perfect if you hate NY bagels and love frozen bagels.
Kind staff & tasty bagels
Don't waste your time
Food is above average. Bartenders lack personality it's all about pushing drinks.
Worst drive thorough in the entire world.
Good selection of food and convenient.
horrible human being! disgrace to auctioneers! do not consign or bid with this fool!
Tout ce  que j'ai commandé :un  hamburger frites étaient vraiment mauvais .
$3.99 eyebrow threading
Friendly, fast, efficient and affordable. I had iPhone and iPad repaired. :)
Great fast service! Good prices. Got everything that was promised.
Great service! Very helpful, friendly and Very Affordable!! Highly recommend
Best repair shop I have ever seen was drunk and dropped my phone
Fast fast fast! Phone looks brand new! Great place!
Fast service and fair price for my cracked iPhone 5 screen. Highly recommended
Great customer service. They finished a cracked I phone in 20 minutes.
Great and fast service! Took care of me right away.
This place is awesome..best price in town,fast,very good customer service!
Fast service with great customer service. Highly recommend their services.
Great service and prices.
I always bring my phones tablets here and these guys just fix them
Fast service, great price, screen works fine!
Great service and my repair was done in a decent time frame!!!
Very average food for above average prices with service levels of ok to god awful.
Excellent food and a always friendly staff
The crew here is great and Alex is awesome.
Totally and utterly delicious. Highly recommend.
When you step in you feel like you are in rural North Carolina!  Great happy hour prices.  Rib tips good.. Can't beat nice people and dollar pbr all the time!!!
Best breakfast in a LONG time. Highly recommend this wonderful mom and pop diner.
Stephanie did a great job with the wash/scalp massage!!! Very impressed.
I can't live without this place! My daughter and I go here religiously.
I loved going here! Everyone made me feel welcome.
"Free Estimate" cost us $50!!!! What a scam.
Sure you are sorry. He did not fix anything at all. Nada!
So very good!  Pancakes, chorizo breakfast burrito w homemade jalapeño cilantro salsa, everything is terrific.
Breakfast was incredible! The waitress was nice and attentive.
Their pizza and wings suck
Best Mexican food in Charlotte Thursday's are $1 taco night!!!!
Friendly faces and good sandwiches.
if I could give them negative stars I would
Service is ok. Most waitresses are young and cute.  Food is expensive.
Coffee shop w dozen beers on tap
Best pizza for the value, hands down! Nice clean atmosphere and great bar menu.
Great place for lunch!
The "Rising Sun" is going down!
8.5 draft beer, Cuban street tacos, nom nom burger (Kobe beef) ,   Shoestring fries, billionaire burger ( Kobe beef& foie gras).
Best burgers in Vegas.. The Gold Standard is classic!!!
The Billionaire Burger. That's all you need to know.
The food was good, but it didn't live up to the hype.
Great food and great service.  Had The Rising Sun.  Great burger!
The burgers were juicy and good. Also, the shakes were delicious and original.
Great Popcorn Shrimp, lager and service.
I love this place I've purchased 5 cars there always great service friendly staff.
Fastest moving post office I have been to in AZ; also the friendliest!
The wait is finally over!!!! Super b is finally open!!!
They're open again!   Hours Mon-Sat 7-7Closed Sundays(702)597-0550
Very fresh salad, great herb wrap, very friendly staff
Best mussels in Madison.  Seriously the best mussels in town. I have tried them all.
There are two other Starbucks in the airport, don't go to this one the line is too long. One is in baggage claim and the other is just before you go through security
Be prepared for a longer than normal wait. Understaffed which is leading to burnt coffee and slow service.
Best Sushi in Scottsdale!
Great price for all the food! Quality is exceptional!
Don't know why it says open til 2 am on Saturdays it's not. Annoying!
Worst service I have never seen, bad environment as well
This place was amazing and awesome to deal with!! I highly recommend this place!!
If you order the royale, you cannot request an over easy egg. Fried only and over done.
I've heard about how great steak and shake was pretty much my whole life. Considering this location is on the other side f town from me, it took me a while to make it here. Boy was I disappointed though. I got th triple burger (no cheese, no bun), fries and a water. Dryest burger I've ever had. My toddler wouldn't even touch the fries. Who has ever heard of a toddler not eating French fries? Husband said his food wasn't very good either. (Wisconsin burger & fries w/Arnold Palmer).
Good food, great value
Got better.  Wooo! Tried again and happy with service and food.
Great service. friendly staff. Perfect location for me. good food and awesome shakes
First time here and I think we'll be back for more!
Great service and decent food. The shakes are really really good.
Don't expect anything fast or served efficiently at this place! Still waiting at 50 minute mark for a burger while other customers walk out the door!Save yourself from this experience!
I got the double spiked The Buzz shake and it was so delicious.
Great breakfast Bloody Mary at excellent price
We had a great meal!!! Leon was the best!!
If you're hungry and nearby, eat here. If you have a pursuit for delectable food, don't.
I tried the strawberry shortcake Frappciano it was good
My new favorite lunch spot.  Oooooohhhhh soooo good!
This was a nice neighborhood find. Good sushi and a cool atmosphere.
Have been here several times,  good food several choices, good for lunch and dinner.
Very rub n lazy stuff
Hockey and a bar.  Easiest review ever!
Fabulous! !! The best show i have seen in a while!!
Gourmet Buffet! Best Mac 'n cheese & amazing dessert bar!!
feels like eatting at hometown buffet! most food are super oily and creamy.  they charged $35 ...for such service and food quality ,
Excellent buffet! Everything was fresh, hot, and portion sized! Get the salads and Korean galbi!
Best buffet in Vegas!!!
If you go a little after opening and it's not busy. The food will be cold and too salty
Eye in the sky sees you eating like a gluttonous pig. Pace self with sanctity.
Very disappointing!!! Overly priced and very poor quality food! :(
It's pretty dead right now but they do pick up after 7
Two lines for payment and tables.
We definitely enjoyed the options at the dessert station.
Amazing dinner buffet... With BONE MARROW!
1;14pm on a Saturday. No line!
Went for the breakfast open buffet.....speechless!! Awesome!!!!!!
one of the best buffets in vegas!!!  1st time here, wont be the last.
Delicious quality food every time. Unique dishes its just awesome food!!!!
Good buffet quality food and not pricy at all.  Just very small.
Hands down the best buffet on the strip! That's all I can say!
We luv this place! Been coming since it opened!  I  the Pineapple Martini.
Good music and quick service, what else is there to say.
Best martinis on the strip
Went to see Jennifer Keith Quintet. Amazing atmosphere ez access from west garage.
Best Old fashion on the strip
Try the Verbena cocktail! Take a sip, chew the flower up really well in your mouth (it tastes kinda funny), and take another sip. Your mouth will tingle, and the tequila taste will be nice and sweet!
Beautiful lounge, delicious drinks and good crowd!
The atmosphere is amazingly romantic! Love this bar!
My Favorite Bar in Las Vegas! Merry Merry!
Love this store!!! Cannot say it enough! Their entire selection is incredible
Its the worst restaurant in Vegas. Terrible  price terrible food!!
So glad we found this place!! One of our new favorites!
Unless you LOVE vinager, DO NOT order the Huitlacoche Noodles!
Pricey but really good.  I had the bbq pork (something) taco and it blew my mind.
Holy shit this meal was amazing!  Yea its pricy, but get over yourself.
Be warned - caterpillars in food. And the Manager on duty didn't really care.
A+ all around. Very interesting food, great wine and service. Top notch fine dining
Hmm... This is not a party it's a bunch of people standing around looking at each other. Some still in street clothes...
It's was awesome  night with my wife on Monday
Lunch special is the bomb!
The food was great ..but the service sucked
Must try this place. Great place for lunch
Press, hope you don't switch from awesome urban cookie / Ollie cakes to really not good Caketini
Slow service. Deposit money not returned once contract completed. Cheap products.
Best BBQ in the Southeast. The Sides are as good as the BBQ.
Closest thing to real NC bbq I've ever had in this city.  I'll be back again.
Super sweet honest owners unlike other places
I'll never choose a free meal again.. I will always choose safelight. Always
$2 well drinks on Tuesdays and buy one get one free sushi rolls every day!
Great sushi. They give you a good portion and it's always buy one get one half off.
Not enough seating but great food and friendly service.
Good food, good price and nice place inside the casino.
My husband order some taco today and to salty.
Will, Hector make a great pizza. Nice casual environment to enjoy a $5 pizza.  Buried on third floor of the Cosmo hotel surrounded by $$$ restaurant.
Super cool guys!! Perfect hangover food!!
Hit up some pizza after marquee
The best pizza on the strip ! Meat lovers all the way
Get there early, it lines up quick!
The pizza is a must every time you stay or visit the cosmopolitan.
Holy crap how can anyone give this place less than 5 stars. 5 stars 5 stars
Very good pizza. Loved the record cover hallway. Fun to be in on the secret.
So good,  a slice is filling!  This is a must stop on all future visits.
Great pizza must try in Vegas. Get a whole pie for leftovers.
Awesome piece of meat ball pizza for 5 bucks.
Great pizza worth what you pay!! White pizza is a must try!
Super delicious! Go and u shall see!A bit $$$ but don't forget you r in LV!
Hands down, Best pizza in town!!!
Cheesy goodness! Buttery and savory! Tangy sauce. Spicey pepperoni pizza
Good pizza, cool location, way too expensive.
Awesome pizza! I'll be coming back :)
The best part is trying to find it! But it was worth the treasure hunt!
No sign or direction to this pizzeria. So to locate: 3rd floor, in between Jaleo & Blue Ribbon Sushi.
A must stop every single time you come to Vegas. The best pizza in Vegas!
Fantastic and made from scratch !
Pizza was decent.. Not exactly mind blowing but a good snack if you're drunk.
This place is is awesome! The seafood plate and the island bbq mix are great!
Decent sushi for an airport.  Sushi has been fresh every time I order!   Hits the spot for my long flights!
split brisket sandwich
Its a good place to eat but very loud, but the food is amazing.
Great food! Chips and salsa were great! Will go back soon!
Best Mexican food in AZ!!!! We drive from Gilbert for this stuff!
The Machaca is THE BEST anywhere! Oh so tasty! Please give it a try! I like it in my chimi :)
The Best Chicken Strips Hand down!!  Outstanding service and friendly staff.
The perfect place for the most unique and edgy furnishings and decor in Las Vegas
Great shanghai soup bun. It is the best in town. Just be careful of the hot yummy juices inside the bun.
BBQ Pork buns are amazing!
Nice selection of both Sweet and Savory.
The spicy pork buns were awesome !!
Best chocolate croissant
Coffe was bland but the espresso was good. Hard to mess up espresso tho I guess.
Over priced poor quality coffee......don't go here.
We don't seem to exist here
An absolute must have is the Mozzarella and Prosciutto table side service!!! Everything is excellent though. The Red Velvet cake is also a definite must have
Omg the hot wings here are amaze!!!
Over priced & the food SUCKED!
Service was slow. Not very busy. Food was mediocre.
Food was fast and excellent. I had the prime rib and it was amazing.
Quick service, quick food.  Marina was a great server!
Cosa dire di Vegas...What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, Baby!
If I lived here I would probably be dead in a year. LOL! Walk the strip and view the freak show that is AMURRICA!
Great for people watching, the food, and the hotels
Food was hit or miss.  Very expensive for the type of restaurant it was
First we are sitting outside in March. Lovely.  I will tell you about the food after we eat
Great food and aunday brunch
great deal for the capachino i ordered, and can't beat some local amateur music.
Great coffee, nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and awesome live music.
They have a great patio!!
Quality food served in good portions by happy waitresses!!  Defiantly will be back!
Best deals on hats I've seen in a long time.I'll go again.
Not that any SBUX is worth going out of your way for, but this one is worth skipping.
Super nice staff. Fast. Huge portions. Reasonable prices. Totally recommend!
Badass! Good music, great food! Just a really cool place!
Best burgers downtown definitely worth the cost.
Green chile pork stew rocks!!
Really good green chile ! Small inside but has seating outside on the patio
Hidin gem, worth the trip!
Two words: Country Nacos! Great food and atmosphere.
My favorite, especially for the chicken fried steak breakfast.
Great service and link sausage!
Great food awful service!
Good food terrible service!
The food was mediocre at best. Service was nothing to rave about.
Fun fun fun!!!Great atmosphere , good vibes!My son loves going there
I came here to consign after hearing great reviews from a coworker. I will never go back. The women working were absolutely hateful. Not only did they snub their noses at my clothing (Lilly Pulitzer, Wildfox, J. Crew), but they also were completely malicious and rude.
Wonderful service and food. Had the BLT&E and it was amazing.
Very good take out.  Excellent butter chicken!
It is hidden so just remember it's on the North-West corner of Estrella and Roosevelt.
The Dream Jar for dessert!
Ask for Gary. He will lead you down the path of perfection.
Great drinks, great bar, great fried pork and waffles!
Went here with friend- dinner was excellent service was exceptional- would recommend
Yelp is a swindle!You can give every review you want they choose them!
Superb in every way! Chopped salad is amazing and the grilled cheese is to die for.
Cool ambience and friendly staff, coupled with awesome drinks and food!
Food was amazing!! Ambiance was great too. Very upscale with reasonable prices.
Great concept, definitely one of Arizona's best restaurants.
"In vino veritas" is on their archway. That pretty much says it all.
Great food! Great place to have drinks before the show!
BEST custom airbrushed tan EVER!!!!
Great place! Friendly, clean and best price in Vegas!
There is no other place to go, it's that simple they are the best hands down.
Great staff very welcoming and great job on my eyebrows
Never very busy and they are all very nice and helpful.
Excellent burgers , gourmet sides and frosty cold beer.  Awesome beer selection .
Was told this place was addictive. They didn't lie!
Great food and people. It's a diamond in the rough in Apache junction.
An ultimate shopping experience! All the designer shops in one place.
It's nice to have a affordable place.
Great service and great dr!  Thanks guys.
Best pancakes wafles and eggs of new-york
The food & shakes are amazing!! Do the custom burgers you will not be sorry.
Best burgers in Pgh, hands down.
This place was a good find!! Great friendly service and awesome espresso martinis!!
Full Flavour Shawarma
Food was good. Services great. Beer good.
Disappointed...my husband and I started going here when they first opened and it was really good. But now they added pizza to their menu and changed their bread they use for their subs...
Pork dumplings pan fried. You won't regret it.
Je les préfèrent à ceux de Five Guys! Ambiance pas top. Le personnel est gentil.
This is a SCAM! There is no real photographer behind this company
$0.50 beers until 11pm? Plus line dancing, beer pong, and cowboys!  Yeehaw!
DJ Angel has a voice...make sure you know how to sing too
Great pizza and the meatballs are to die for.
Go for the pizza! All ingredients freshly made in house
Best pizza in the valley
Keith has been nothing but the best and definitely takes care of his customers.
French fries are amazing!
Nice place clean and wonderful baked goods no doubt grandmas recipes
Best chx parm and calzone I've ever had
Simply very good... Try, and you wouldn't regret a bit. Quite authentic too...
It must be the water as this truly is the best Brooklyn Pizza West of the Hudson
Best pizza west of the Brooklyn Bridge!!
Great service! Amazing interesting menu
GF cakes and scones :-)
The best $200 I have ever spent!
Love the burgers but hate the fries. What more can Only say? It is what it is...
I love balloons! And this company makes the best most beautiful bouquets!
Perfection! Great customer service, very personable and quick!
Quick and easy. Affordable and reasonable prices!
Very  trendy and cozy.  enjoyed  my Espresso in a very  relaxed way!
Fantastic food! Beautiful scenery! Perfect spot for a date!
Yummy food Great service. Amazing Resort. Great night  with enertainment and music
Great service. Yogurt is better than all around!!
Fantastic Job! I'm very impressed and satisfied with the finished product.
Great tinting service!
Not good. Enchiladas weren't even heated, tostada shell was stale, soda was flat.
Perfection all the way around! :)
Best happy hour in Ahwatukee. Not even close.
It is so relaxing to paint and have a useful piece of pottery around the house. Great for gifts too!
Thanks for being good to my lady friends today at my celebration at your store
Great ice cream fun fun fun
Cheap , fast and good quality Panini's
Food was fantastic just like grandma's. There really friendly and super fast service
Best tacos in town . Thanks for the great service. Ill be back soon
Sweet Potato Tortellini was good, but the sauce was a bit watery.  My friend ordered the AB certified Angus Beef Cheeseburger, to which he was dissatisfied. They offer no choice but medium well, and meat is better with a little pink in his opinion. The cheese almost seemed non-existent, as were the toppings. Overall, the cheeseburger was bland, but they offered to replace it with another menu item, which was nice of them.
Cheese plate and bread were delicious!!!
Service, meh. Pretzel and cheese fondue, best I have ever had.
Wow I took a friend here for his birthday it was amazing service and great food!!
Love their appetizers, especially their pretzel cheese fondue.
Amazing food! Amazing service! Love the pretzel and fondue and all the sandwiches!
Great customer service. They are very knowledgeable and are very helpful.
Get the quesadilla sampler for sure!!
Staff is A+ but the manager is soooooo rude it's not even funny.
Don't go if you are not Hispanic. You will be ignored
Good movies just like home
get newer seats. the seats ruin everything.
Great service came when they said they would Very reasonable cost
Amazing facility.  Lucky to have such a nice park for spring training games.
Quick, fast, cheap!  Gets the job done!
Official Health Club of the Charlotte Hounds!
Great happy hour,  love the dynamite!
Love sitting in the window smelling the home baking nearby!
Great bagels we really enjoyed and it kept us from making breakfast.
As always a great cup of coffee. James knowns his coffee.
Best caramel latte I've ever had!
Some of the best espresso I've ever had, very smooth and flavorful! Also very cool arena mini market you can get pizza, sandwhiches, and sushi
Best coffee in Charlotte.
Spent a rainy afternoon at this small coffee place. The cortado was amazing.
Perfect all-natural fall spice lattes
This just became my new favorite seafood place!
Very good restaurant. Our forth time there and it's always perfect.
Food was mediocre. I had the snapper my date had the halibut.  Both were bland.
This place is great for a small rock club. It's right out of a movie.
Try the pulled pork, it's yummie  Nice waitress but maybe a little slow.
Love the pad see yew and the Rama noodle
Best pad thai in town + it's cheap!
The ultimate best and most delicious thing in the entire world.
best sushi I ever had. love this place!!!!
Charming place, good food, nice owners.
Nous avons choisi 3 plats partagés  ensemble que nous avons dégustés
Wonderful place!!! Great food and service!
Lunch orders are 8.00 not 7.00
Great food as always. The Lady is a Scampi is the best!!
Amazing food.. luv the drinks and the huge meatballs
Best Tacos in town!!!
BEST authentic Tacos ever, highly recommend if you want the real thing.
Yum. Best. Tacos. Ever. Got the chicken tacos. 3. Then got them again for dessert.
Just bailing someone out. The metro police on duty were super funny and friendly.
Great jazz every Tuesday night!  Friendly service and great drinks!
A date night staple...this feels like a neighborhood joint.
Always great to come over.
It's simple an clean the food is  not bad.i would recommend for someone. .
Good food. Quick service. Reasonable prices. Order the appetizer trio for 10$.
Back again just as good as the first time. Great authentic Mexican food.
The Best! Honest Repairs! Honest Prices! Great Service!
Been going here for years. Don't look any further. Bring your bags and shoes here
Great place and helpful employees!
See my check in for this place. Good place nearby everything down town.
soup is too salt, bad service. But Ramen is cool.
Excellent! Wonderful meal and service!
Close to the airport. Clean, neat and the shuttle runs on time.
Great place for brunch and a Bloody Mary with bacon.  Yep bacon.  Kickback place and you can bring your pet on the patio.
The food was amazing and very fresh!! Loved the jasmine ice tea.
Easy and fast place to get a good burger!!
how the f uck yall out of menudo every sunday
Prévoyez de l'argent comptant ou une carte de crédit, car le restaurant n'accepte pas les cartes de débit!
It's a burger better then mcdonalds and Burger King
Love this place. Great hookah. Great drinks and service
Great hookah amazing customer service my favorite hookah bar in Las Vegas
30$ open bar, not too crowded, awesome Thursday night
Bartender seemed inconvenienced to serve and was not social and rarely checked on us
Nikki is awesome. Hands down some of the best bar service I've ever had!
Decent pizza, super nice staff, I'd totally go back of I'm ever in the area!
People have been pleasant. Takes forever though. Not a fan but a necessary evil.
Good service this is my number one car wash
C est la place pour les pâtisseries. .
Horrible management, horrible service. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone!
I like the Bruschetta. It is sooo good. The philly salad is really tasty.
I emailed and even showed a picture weeks ago and still have not heard from anyone.
Naked Fish's sister property~
I got a free special check-in drink. Great! :)
The beer is not cold,oops !!!!!need to wait long time to get the foods!
Love this Japanese tapas! A little pricey but well worth it.
Love this place! I go at least once a week!
Love this place! Best Pho in Downtown Phoenix!
Second time here and this will now be a tradition every time we are in town
It's a great atmosphere and good food BUT $8 for a draft pint is too much! :)
Great hotel for my first anniversary
Friend is the manager so down here for lunch.
Anytime here must get Gator..a little spicy but very good
Excellent gumbo. Jumbalaya was ok.
Cheerful staff always singing and carrying on.
Great service fabulous food great location
Great lunch Spectacular sweet potato fries
great pizza and beer!
Great beer..bad advertising. ALL half off after ten is NOT ALL BEERS
My new favorite Italian restaurant! Homemade authentic Italian food. So delicious!
Great place, great service, great music...wow coming back for a back wax. Lol
This place deserves more stars.  Very authentic food and great wine list!
Excellent food and great neighborhood feel
Good flavors for boba tea.  Good variety of toppings for froyo.
Gabriel best customer service!
Coming in based on a recommendation of local. Good mexican food and lots of local history on the tables
Great Food - Fast Service
I probably won't be back here. The atmosphere sucked and it was too dark.
Hostess is not 'on' it. Waited 5 min before she even acknowledged me. Other than that, seems like a good place to hang.
Good food, great drink specials. Great neighborhood restaurant.
If you want great service see Byron!  Outstanding service!
Falcone was a spectacular server!! Thank you for such a fun experience.
Can't wait to see it again!!! With a new cast!!!
This was Absinthe star and burlesque singer Melody Sweets debut album show. Magnificence occured.
The seating is general admission - so you can choose where to experience the show! Sit up close!
Excellent!!! 90 mins of laughterHighly recommend
Best show in Vegas, been there three times and would go again...
Amazing show, edgy, raunchy, sexy. All good things. Highly recommend.
Absolutely fantastic, best show I have ever seen and worth every penny.
Laugh out loud! One of the must see shows in Las Vegas!
Went back again and had great service and food.
We love Krazy Fish Brunch on Sunday's! Try the Chicken & Waffles w/a mimosa..
First time here.  Looking forward to trying something new
Turkey is from grocery store but stuffing is the bomb. Try it once. Spinach salad huge and tasty:)
Great service, excellent sandwiches and salads!
Bite me, eat me, lick me
Cool candy storeLots of selection, jelly beans, gummy candy, PEZ selection
Delicious and great service
My favorite thing about this place is that you can order half rolls for AYCE!
I don't mind the wait so worth it to eat here
Best AYCE sushi place for $26.95
Service here sucks ass. Don't go in a party of two. They will completely ignore you. Rice cracker was a little too harsh on the teeth
This is the best AYCE sushi joint in town. I am here about once a month.
Came in with my family for AYCE and a chicken teri bowl. Server was irritated at us right off the bat due to us asking for an extra plate and fork. (I'm white and can't use chop sticks!) I got the chicken teri bowl and almost choked on a bone. Really? It was cut up chicken breast! We were only about the 3rd family in the place and service was very slow. Getting sushi took forever with poor presentation. Quality wasn't the best either. IMO - go to HIKARI if you're looking for AYCE sushi!
Lunch 11:45 am-4pm $21.95 AYCEDinner 4pm-3am $26.95 AYCE!!!! Best deal in town
1000th review! Good stuff :D I love their sushi
Very yummy i got the taylor 10 piece for $9.95. Would def order this again
Fresh,  good atmosphere,  ask me later I'm busy eating!!!
We loved it! Price was good, fish was fresh, lots of variety. We would come back.
Michelle was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Great experience
So I just got a nasty Yelp message from an employee.
If your a meat eater, the Porkwhich is for you.
Love their egg Benedict. Quality ham, simply delicious. Will go again!
Joe and brad good guys. Will be back soon for more storage needs.
I'm having a Scottsdale over dose and loving it!!!!
Crappy crappy drinks. What you read and order is not what you get!
Falafel tastes like it was frozen.  Hummus was flavorless.
Love the Greek fries! Smaller restaurant but speedy service and portions are huge.
My first gross burrito.  :(
Real good Mexican food.
I personally love the 1.25 mile walk/jog track but this park offers so much more.
Great food. New menu and cooks. Love the fresh salads they have now.
Slab tuesday! Yummy! St.louis ribs! Bacon mac&cheese! Baked beans!
Ice cream was amazing and totally worth it to try!
Best carne asada nachos in town!!!
Amazing! Came with wine and a massage. I will be back! Thanks Brittney.
Food was great. Staff was great. Chairs were comfy. Price was good. Great lunch.
If I could put zero stars I would rude customer service
Ask Pat to play his collection of carousel music from Missoula.
Late night pizza , hit the spot delicious
I love this place! Stopped going to Starbucks after I found out about this place.
This place is getting worse and worse. Don't spend a penny here.
Best Chinese I've had in Az
Definitely original! Great food!
Good food, affordable prices , good for kids, they enjoy their time especially when a clown is present. All chicken dishes are are fresh as expected from a rotisserie. I would liked their portion to be bigger.
Good food, affordable prices , good for kids, they enjoy their time especially when a clown is present. All chicken dishes are are fresh as expected from a rotisserie. I would liked their portion to be bigger.
Line is so slowwwww. If you like to wait in like forever then here's your place!
This was a great find. Huge portions and good wine. We will be back.
Love this place for anytime of the day to eat. Great atmosphere and staff.
They closed!!!! Nooooooooooo!That's so sad, they had such good food.
I've only been to this place for an after bar meal and was not disappointed.
Old school gaiming? Fuck ya!
Savoureux. Un resto dispendieux qui vaut la peine!
Absolutely amazing - the highlight of our visit to Montreal!
I've only tried the gyro salad and it is excellent.
Like butterfields, good food and great fast service.
Great meal! Would recommend to anyone for an awesome breakfast.
Oh my goodness. Stop reading and just go already!
Favorite. Breakfast. In. The. Valley. Not a single disappointment on the menu.
Love this place. The food is excellent and so is the service. I highly recommend it.
Trim, trim, chop, chop!
The havenburger is really good.
Great service and the food is amazing.  Best burgers in town.
Amazing! Best burgers and nice family!
Great food, great service, especially in the bar.  Best kept secret in Henderson!
Great food! Great service!
Great bread and fresh meats.  You'll never go to subway again.
Seriously the best subs we've ever had! Amazing bread & delicious meat. Yummmm
DO NOT get the peanut butter ice cream and pretzel cone. It's salt on salt! Your tongue is about to get rough...
Parking lot is shared with nearby restaurants and is usually very full.
The family loved it and we will return.  Great quality and friendly service.
Best ice cream ever!!! I get the cookies and mint.. To die for!
Best ice cream place in town!!!
Excellent Freezie!!!! Salted Carmel Oatmeal cookie freezie was the bomb
Had a ball I truly enjoyed it all
It was fantasic, I'll come back here with my wife for sure. The cookie was amazing!
Been to this location a few times always great service with a smile
Best Mediterranean food , Great customer service , highly recommended .
Very friendly owner and good quality hookah. Felt right at home.
Great place to get a hot sub!!! Steak bomb is the bomb. Lol. Great sports and family atmosphere. And very nice staff.
Had a great time. Bartender Melissa was fun and was completely on top of everything.
I love this joints cheese burgers. Oh, and Bud rocks!
Yummy! Good burrito place right in Tempe. Give this place a try. Will be coming back
Breakfast burrito..potato, egg, cheese with green sauce is the best
Great food, great price!
Excellent food - highly recommended
Great customer service and very good food!!
Love you his place. Come every time I'm in surprise
The food and now the ambience makes this the Best Restaurant in Surprise
Closed on Monday. ...
Always good food. Entire family loves it.
Best place in town. Honest people, real prices!!
Food is fabulous, chef is obviously brilliant. I cannot wait to go back.
Food isn't that great. No taste or very fatty. I don't think I'll be coming back.
Left two messages during the business day, no callback. Lame.
These guys rock! Quickest most affordable muffler, exhaust, and service shop around!
Amazing brunch menu, good service, bottomless mimosas !
Had the lunch buffet & it was excellent!
The food is a little tough and not warm and took forever for service
Delicious food great service, relax environment!
Exceptional food we loved every dish we got
Delicious authentic food . Excellent service. Great staff. Reasonable prices.
I went for the cheese steak instead of the burger.  Good choice.
A little pricy but the quality of the food explains why.
Hands down, the best burger I have ever eaten!
Awesome workers who actually know what they are talking about.
Crappy service coupled with really bad sandwiches they make subway look like gourmet
Got my sandwich in no time.
Not impressed for almost $10!!! Sandwich at sprouts market is better for $3.00!!
Awesome Subs I get the Club on the Sub each time & love it just the same.
Best I've ever had in my life, and great gelato
Best show ever!!!!!!!
phenomenal one of the best performer in the whole wide world
Just found out, you HAVE to have an appointment. No walk ins. :-(
This place is the real deal.  Great food and great prices
David Wong-he is the Bomb!
Food and service were terrific!
Located in the Rebel parking lot on LV Blvd. Beware: this place charges a $1 surcharge for credit/debit card transactions.
Magic hat number 9 is a refreshing summer ale
Great food and atmosphere , nice selection of food and drink.
Always have what I need. Pretty knowledgable  bunch of guys!
Chicken citrus avocado salad
It's hot on the rooftop!
Hot spot with old friends!
I like this new ride..twist and turns not to mention that butterfly feeling in your stomach..I just wish it was longer and that the carts had more room..my feet get stuck sometimes and the seats aren't comfy
Nice location but limited space.  Decent atmosphere with nice workers.
Horrible place! Rude people and over active managers.
Great comedy and amazing service!!
my review disappeared? What's with that?
Burgers are good hot fresh. It's simple food for a good price. French fries are good
The best (Sichuan) dumplings ever! Their authentic menu is quite good too.
Very good Chinese restaurant. As a Chinese, I very suggest you guys to try.
Awesome authentic Sichuan food, will definitely come again!
Should be top Chinesefood in Pittsburgh! I like it so much!
Awesome Tres Leches cake! Thank you so much! Can't wait to try the macaroons. :)
They have video games! They have trivia!  They have booze for your video games and trivia!
Very good dentist and very good office staff
Cheers to Chocolate event sponsored by The Easter Seals!
The SUP board is great so are the kayaks
I'm a Texan & their brisket is the best this side of the Mississippi. #realbbqisbeef
Great food, great service
Yep!  This place is awesome! !!
The burnt ends and ribs are always delicious.
Go there. Locals say it is the best and I would agree.
Great restaurant, quality food and friendly staff. I highly recommend their food!
Live in Kansas City, and the Fat Tire BBQ sauce here is hands down my favorite!!!
Great brisket!!  Great service. Love this place.
Just had the Sunday brunch at Brio.  The crab and shrimp cakes were delicious.  Service was awesome today!  Location is beautiful.
First time in this new location.
Excellent food & great service!
Happy hour food and drinks are amazing! Great prices!
Not the most friendly or competent workers. I think they are understaffed often.
22 miles from my house and worth the trip!  lentil soup, gyros, kabobs, hummus, etc.  Everything is just terrific!  Owner is the nicest guy you'll ever meet.  So are his wife & teenage kids
Stopped in to find a friendly face from Rhode Island working here great service.
Cash only joint, don't worry they have an atm there and will give you a $1 off your order if you present your receipt.  If you're into cure meats and homemade everything, this is a great choice.
Its an orgasm in your mouth, in the parking lot of Dinos. In a totally legal way.
If you're down in Vegas you need to try this its a little past stratosphere and crazy good
Best Latin American food in Vegas IMHO
It's on the corner of Oakey and Las Vegas Blvd.
Ask to sample juice flavors
Awesome!Very friendly and helpful staff. Food was superb!
Amazing food, great prices, very clean inside.
Todo delicioso, y el servicio: excelente.
#2 arepa with avocado. So good!
Awesome!!!! Worth the trip
Awesome work.   Reasonable prices. Highly recommended! !!!  Fun atmosphere! !!!
Simply the best greek food in Vegas.
Best Gyro in town!!! And the Avgolemono soup is amazing! The soup is a must!
Omg I always love thus place  now everyone has heard about it and it so busy.
Absolutely awesome, great food and service.Staff friendly and knowledgeable.
The food and service is fabulous. Real Greek food. Will be back again and again.
The best food I had ever eaten ... Reminds me of my grandfather's cooking.
Best gym in Las Vegas!
Too expensive and they won't let you on the trampolines with your 2 year old. LAME!!!! Go to Jump Street instead... More toddler friendly and much cheeper!
Best poutine ever, and the 5 napkin burger is to die for...
Best food ever I love the chicken with rice and salad
Very good with reasonable prices. I would definitely check them out!
Wow, I'm Persian and i just had a best beef kabob of my life   :D
Actually, surprisingly low prices for liquor.  And I believe its open 24 hours
SBG burger soooo amazing with sweet potato fries in beautiful fountain hills
Great place to come if your on a budget and want good food and large portions.
Chicken rice is good value for money!
Dim sum was acceptable but not great. Fried taro was bland.
This is a great place to eat!   Lunch time is affordable again! !
It's an acquired taste for Chinese food if you are not Chinese this is not for you!
Great food and great location
Small dark place, the person taking order is rude!
very bad manner! I don't recommend!
Another fantastic cut for Rhett, Scarlet and Vivven!  They look amazing!
Very clean and fast. Nice hot food
Great food and service.  A little crowded but otherwise good!
Excellent food, great portion sizes, and excellent service!
Nice area and ambiance.i go there often and i wont stop!!
Fast service good food for the price.
Service and food are great depsite the smokey cigar smell.
Good selection. Great pork ramen...not sure about the corn in it though.
Good drinks mediocre food and really crappy high prices. Staff is nice though.
Love this place for a cold beer n tasty wings
One of my sons' favorite places to eat.
Forget about trying to place a pick up order during lunch. Horrible
First time trying this place out...ordered the Aloha Chicken! :-) The food was pretty good...although I have had macaroni salad from a Hawaiian place out of state that I liked better, but can't complain for this being right up the road!
The best, fresh donuts ever
Good neighborhood bar - neat atmosphere. Pizza yeah... Go for it.
Wish the store was a little bigger but had a great selection and very nice staff!
Lunch Specials are recommended
Great customer service, fast delivery, good clean delicious food.
Don't go here unless you wanna be sick. The food sucks.
The Mint is the place to be on Wednesday nights!!
Delicious and great service. Got a protein burger.
Good clean steak sandwich prepared well but needs rested after fired before plated.
Order the cheese curds and a tipsy burger
We came in with a Birthday Party.  Patrick, the Bartender couldn't be more rude.  Doubtful we'll go back.
Mmmmmm.  Fried chicken salad!!!  Can't go wrong with a healthy dose of fried chicken!!
The food looks good and original. But it tastes so so and very salty.
Good atmosphere, great drinks, better food! Burgers are amazing!
Good for both new sushi eaters and the seasoned!! The volcano roll is amazing!
Best sushi in all of Madison!!! Owner is friendly and quality of fish is 5 star!
Oh my, the cocktails!!
Hello Meat and Potatoes Restaurant, Can you please add seasoning to your dishes? Thank you.
Soo good!!! Love the Bone marrow, yummmmm. Deff should try if in Pittsburgh.
Amazing food... Good service.  Will definitely be coming back. Best Caesar salad.
Nice atmosphere although tight quarters.  Food and drinks were great.
Had brunch twice. Great experience both times. Very talented staff.
Pioneering restaurant and an inspiration to all else that is trendy and delicious.
These guys are great to deal with!
Amazing delicious! Two lamb shanks combo! Never finished it in a single meal!
Had a great meal and great service from our server Tia..will definitely return.
Wow, what a hidden gem.   Such a cool place to see a show!!!
Cute ambiance and beautiful, intimate decor, with interesting "share" tables available for larger parties
Meatball and glass a wine.  BEST!!
Fabulous penne vodka, darling!
Cheap and good for lunch
Red Velvet Cookies with a side of the icing and Red Velvet Cake. Vegan. Nuff said.
Awesome food loved it.......! Worth spending Chicken biryani was so good and spicy.
Best wings I've ever had in Vegas.Great service with a good family vibe
Lemon Pepper wings are great!
You can fix your froyo just how you like it!
Nicest people! They totally make my day!
Outstanding coffee, fast friendly service.
Delicous food and fun atmosphere. I love this place!
Amazing food. Best creeps I've ever had. Definitely worth the visit.
Can't wait to come back! This was a great Yelp search! Savory and Sweet! Delish!!
Get the Avalon. The goat cheese on top of the sweet apples and candies walnuts was amazing. 5 stars.
Great place, Great Service & the food is amazing! I  love Crepes!  - YOU WILL TOO!
Such an incredible place!!  From the service to the food... impeccable!!!
Love this place.  The menus and prices are good for the quality.
The food was off the chain
The best place to come for breakfast!! Our favorite spot
Delicious!!!! Tasty!!! Excellent!!!
Go here and have a made to order Bahn Mi!
Just had a great pedicure by Jamie amazing foot rub. My feet never felt so good!!!
Make an appointment, cause Saturdays are slamming!
Not impressed with the service or the food. Definitely won't be coming back.
This was excellent, quick service. Very tasty food and every option you can imagine.
The play area was only open for 1 hour of a 2 hour party!?
DO NOT get the crawfish! I know It's a bit ironic, but they are TINY and can barely get anything out of them.
Ohhhhh, myyyyyy, Gawd. I love it here. The fried shrimp were right on point
Food was amazing but the service was crappy or else it would be 5 star
Great food great staff! Thanks Kevin for the great service for Bo and myself!
Wow there burgers are awesome here.
Best fried pickles in the burgh!!! Always love coming here
Excellent happy hour deals!
Good beer,  live music, hella hot waitresses.
Ideal for cycling, skating and running!
Love this location! Girls are friendly and not a long wait time.
Love this park . My husband even proposed to me here . Except for bossy people .
great park my dog has a blast
Wonderful . from front desk to adjustments to physical therapy. I recommend them.
Decent sushi for the price, the hand rolls are great.
Friendly service, delicious food, and great Chinese songs selection!
Finest cheapest sushi in the world.
Great food. Very nice people! Moist Brisket is the best I have ever had!
Yum! That's all I can say. BBQ sauce is out of this world.
Great Chinese food at a reasonable price. We eat there frequently.
Beautiful 1 year smash cake photos!
Man this place has good frozen yogurt and the toppings are even better!
Love, love, love the Stuffed Eggplant Parmesan. Fresh salad and great bread!
Worst sandwich place ever. Don't even deserve one star. So disappointed. Evrything is good except the sandwich. Lol.
So delicious, clean and authentic! Highly recommended!
Beefstro salad is where it's at!
Italian gold wings are crack!
This location is just okay.  Prefer the Tempe location above all.
TURN DOWN THE MUSIC. It is impossible to have a conversation. Food is great.
Always a great gathering place with the best pizza and servers in Arizona!
This place is friendly and great!
My new favorite spot for waxing services. Taylor did an excellent job on my Brazilian & Under Arms she was quick and painless. I will be returning in 4 wks.
Very polite and professional! Great prices and very clean
DeAnna is the best!!! Highly recommend.
Very fast drive thru.
Twenty minutes for 1 cheeseburger in the drive through, I'll never go back.
Best authentic Mexican food I have ever eaten.
Spicy pork! Literally so amazing!
Hella good tacos - especially al pastor.
Everything from quesadillas to beef brain tacos, everything is tasty!
So you're going to order (insert number here) tacos? Now add 4-5 more.
Good and cheap. The place to be for overnight Mexican taco fix.
Excellent food. Fast service. Nice help. Limited menu. No chicken.
Hands down the best Mexican anything I have ever put it my mouth!
This place is out of business
Good food, better beer, great service!
Shanna Nakachi is an AMAZING hair stylist..!!!
Wonderful crepe pancakes and great service!!
Shattered my iPhone screen and was given a quote to fix at $139 over phone... drive down to store, and was told it is actually $329. Boo.
How fun!!! Thanks for the tickets, Yelp!!
Food was delicious, the veggie pizza is a win!
MUCH better than sauce
Poor service, way to expensive. Would have got more for less at pita jungle.
Best dentist in Vegas!
Tasty, simple food.  Quick service, good price, nice little place.
This is not a fancy place but this is a tasty place !
Fun atmosphere good coffee and tender muffins.
The girls do a fantastic job!
Bad place for nail services !!! Don't recommend it at all !!
One word...Amazing! Try the Brulee burger... You're welcome :)
Came here the first time and they recommended the beach house and the brûlée. Went with the brûlée and it was really good. Worth it for $7.
Great burger and fries for the money.
Jack Daniel's burger after conquering Mont Royal!!!
Cool place. Great burgers. Decent pricing. Nice service. I'll be back !
Do not get a filling from this guy.  I have to replace the tooth this joker made!!
Here  for the amazing Cirque performance.  Awesome seats !!! In section 102 row F.
Outstanding dining experience. Some of the best nigiri I've ever had
Ordered last night double bacon cheesburger pizza,It's was delicious!!!!
Yummy yogurt and friendly service!
Great coffee. Great staff. Great vibe.Small.Modern.Really great.Stop in.
Busy, but the line moves fast.
Good was good. Servers try to move things quickly but don't really listen well.
Food and service is really good. I do recommend it if you love wine and Seafood!
The Chicken Gyro with fresh cut Lemon Oregano fries is AMAZING..
The best Greek food in the area. Excellent!!!
Best potstickers ever!
Moo Shu Noodles are super yummy!
Dylan was super friendly and helpful.  Quick service but always a great job!
Excellent sausage pizza
Brick oven baked pizza. Good stuff. Not the best but it's worth the stop.
The best pizza and food and Caesar salad(real)Amazing and fresh
Yo! Dis place be needin' mo' couches, you know what I'm saaaaayin?
Amazing cupcakes. Really moist cupcakes and beautifully decorated!!
Good magic show. The ticket is not expensive and the seat was comfortable.
Great food.. Never had a bad meal here. Also has a great selection of beer and wine.
Love the Irish nachos!!
Food, beer, hotties in skimpy outfits. ...awesome.
Decent pub food, but great views for Super Bowl!
These were the best tacos and torta we had ever!
Just called and left vm. Stay tuned. :)
The food was good, but it's a bit over priced.
This place is a must!!! Best crêpes ever and the owner is super hot
Atmosphere is relaxed. Love that it's not too crowded. Amenities are a huge plus.
Top quality gym top quality staff top quality location
This place has watery frozen yogurt. Not a fan.
Another refuge in this strange city.
Lorenzi Park us one of the best designed and maintained recreational parks in Vegas.
Très bonne crème glacée.  Des saveurs originales
Fresh, light, and delicious ice cream options.
Great dumplings and noodles and friendly staff.
Working in The 'Burgh for a few days!
Nice & clean very spacious
Blah other than the location. My internet went down. Location is great.
Love this spot great, fresh food! Bourbon chicken is the best!!
Nice open space inside with a cheery welcome.
Carnitas salad bowl with black beans, mild salsa, cheese, and guacamole is my favorite!!!
Be prepared for a long wait for drinks, just spent 15 minutes waiting for four drinks
Beware! Triple confirm your appointments and read the small print with these guys
The worst. Workers are rude, they take their time, very poorly managed.
Great home style cooking with a ton of options.
Very friendly staff. Great food and nice music to listen to while you eat.
There is always a wait, regardless of time. There's a line by 7:30am, so come early or plan on being here a few hours.
Good service, very professional and great products!!!Pricing is competitive.
Service sucks. And why is it called Gourmet? Subway is way better!
Courtney is awesome!  She transformed my husband's mid-back length into a short, professional cut, and offered great tips on styling & what to expect in the coming weeks.  She came highly recommended by her coworkers for the job, and I couldn't agree more.
Nice atmosphere and good food.
If at all possible, ask for Anthony as your server. He's absolutely amazing, extremely nice and his hospitality is second to none.
A pregnant girls dream..nom nom
Sea salt Carmel is amazing!!!
Absolutely delicious and an extremely excited/friendly staff!
Great anytime of the day month or year! Amazing flavor choices in sorbets and gelato
Amazing!! Can't get enough of Frost
Love eating here.. like a nice piece of Tucson here in Gilbert!
Super yummy but super expensive!!!
Sympa pour se détendre en fin de semaine.
Long wait on a Sunday, worth it... Friendly staff and outstanding Brunch!
Good start muscles were generous and tasty.
Standard diner food. Big portions. Extremely slow service during Sunday brunch.
Simply exceptional food and amazing service
Great Meat Ball Subs.
I cannot believe a bbq sandwich by it self is $8. Only about 3 or 4 oz. Of meat.
great staff..fast..clean..food is amazing.!
Superb customer service
I love this store! Big, clean, and the clerks are great!!
salted caramel corn froyo is good. and they have lichee and taro!
Döner hat nicht geschmeckt, Location für arme :(
Place was dirty.. Table, floors, counters, drink station.
If your looking for Latin women then this is the spot for you. Jessica knew what was she was doing and got the knots out of my back. I'll be back again
Excellent Chilaquilas! I highly recommend it!
Derreck has very good customer service skills
Sorted me out in a hurry.. Great place and friendly staff
This place is awesome, service staff is great, food is not good, it's excellent.
Simply amazing! Reminds me of the south in a good way!
Dr Sutton is great. My back and neck feel great.
Here to see Mergence!!
This place is like a fine wine, gets better with age. Best venue in AZ
The cafe ice cream is palpable.
always mess up my nachos. never give me back change.
Worst pedicure, ever...see pictures...
GREAT PLACE! The staff is super nice and they always do a great job!
Amazing job!! Super clean and they really pamper!!!
I use the AC Guys for both my office and house. They are GREAT!
Worst place ever they ruined my eyebrows and wouldn't give me my money back
Love them! Very clean and thorough!
A fantastic place with top quality coffee.
The coffee is strong but really like the flat white and their environment
Belle petite ambiance, les lattes sont délicieux et bien beaux :)
Love this place, any time of day.
Grilled shrimp meal is unbelievably good!!  Highly recommend!
No alcohol after 130, hotel rooms are a bit of a walk
Here's my pool view room!
This place is very good. Been here twice. Very fast. And the Drs are outstanding.
Salt and pepper pork is great! Thanks Yelp for this discovery!
I think that there are more reasonable prices at the Chief
Avoid this place and if u must go and are american and jonathan is your server, walk out. Absolutly no reason to wait 10 min to be acknowledged. 20 min for our order to be taken and 40 min for it to come out just to have the chicken raw and the salad brown and slimy.  Avoid at all costs!!!!
Yummy fajita burro and chips and salsa. Better than a lot of Mexican restaurants!!
Amazing gym for a reasonable price. Super clean and soooo much equipment!
Gerald did a great job. Honest and fair and very knowledgeable.
Order anything... it's all good.
Love this place! It is a winner. Price is good and the food is excellent!
Best breakfast place ever.
the bananas foster was delicious!!! yummmm
Awesome store, tons of cool merchandise, friendly staff!
Excellent quality, delicious, healthy, trendy.... Nice experience!
Being from NY and used to my corner store Chinese food, paying prices such as $9 for egg drop soup is difficult.
Second time here.. Amazing sushi, amazing service and vibe!
Excellent food and cocktails. Our server David was quite affable. Wonderful service.
Beautiful atmosphere and everything was fresh from sushi - salad - fried rice
What a great place, thanks for the 911!!
I think everyone down there at Dutch Bros does a knock out job!!! KEEP IT UP!!!!!
Good fast and friendly service even got a sticker yo
Friendly staff. Love the variety of hot  tea especially on a cold day .
Food look like it was old. After looking at the pickle started looking at the rest.
I enjoyed my food and the service was fast. I would come back!
Best Wonton soup ever!!! Delicious food and great service.
Yeaaaaaaaah! Malaysian fooooood!!!
Pricey but good. You won't regret it.
We have been coming here for a year now! Great cuts and laughs! Highly recommend!
Fitness center...lap pool...no fuss, no contracts and just $ 2 a day. Passes available too.
Your tax dollar at work
Excellent pastries and coffee. We bought 6 different pastries and they were Devine.
Pavê pistache & canneberge is really good!
Buy on sale and sign up for the VIP card it can save you some money.
The Sweet Potato fries are excellent.
Busiest in town makes it fresh.  Get some always fast fresh and friendly
Favorite sushi place in town. Go there often.
Excellent group atmosphere.
Killa food, great ambiance, and service rocked!! Everyone go there!! So good!
Filet is amazing.  Coconut shrimp is great too.  We love this place!
Fast. Clean. Friendly. Fresh. Yum. Yumm
Love their food and they always have amazing service!
The tacos are amazing and my favorite is fried chicken quesadilla.
Best Mexican food in town. Very authentic. The steak tacos are amazing.
This philly is really great!  Oh so yummy. Thanks guys!  Driver was very nice.
Great find in this place.  The gyro and hummus was great!
fun place, very clean, very friendly, would recommend to anyone interested!
Curry chips and burger were savory delicious.  Love love love tea time!
Most thorough pedicure ever!
Manly Manicure. Place is cool and friendly but, This people talk shit about you on their language. Believe that!!
Great place great family and quality work! I have been coming here for years!
Chicken and waffle was outstanding.
#12 beach club is great!
Love this place. Always have a good time.
The main course came out before the appetizer :(
$5 menu before 3 pm.  The food is healthy with e spring water from Amway. No msg.
Quick easy friendly cheap windshield repair.
A little bit pricey for what your getting, food is ok but not great.
The food and the atmosphere was good. Food was served quickly and had a great taste.
Good steak, great service. Mama T was on point as always with her service!
Great food and service come here all the time,never had a bad meal or service.
Service issues and not-so-good food...
It's a duo - Subway / Winchells donuts.  14 donuts for less than $10
I have been coming here since I was five years old the food is amazing
Good haircuts!!! Can't go wrong.  Always come here , Sergio is the shit.
Dan was awesome! Quick clear communication. Highly recommend
Get two of the small lobster rolls rather than 1 large delicious
XL lobster roll 23 bucks
Lobster Roll on fire!!'
Had to have been the best lobster me and my bf have had. It was amazing.
Free soda refills until 11pm!
butter me, yummy.Sweet butter bread excellence, lobster precooked a bit dry.
If you like lobster, this is the place to come! The lobster roll rocks!
Try the lobster salad ! Yummy!
Delicious...the lobsicle is delicious and so is the lobster bisque soup.
Spacious, inviting, well decorated.
Food is tasty but if your looking for fresh fish you may be disappointed most dishes are made with frozen product.
We used to love this place but inexplicably they have eliminated waiters and turned it into a take out spot. It's one of the Most bizarre setups I have ever experienced. People are walking all over the place so you can't really relax, no bartender anymore, extremely understaffed. We will most likely never return.
Minimal air overpriced dang hot straight up rude
Outstanding customers services.
Excellent sales woman, met all my needs. Very friendly.
Much better grub than the MVP location!  Caesar makes some mean & spicy dogs.
Off the chart!! Best dogs on the planet!
Great service, great food, great everything!
Best customer service, good food
All the variety is fantastic and worth the drive
Looooveeee the Friesss .
One of best restaurants I have ever had. If you come to Vegas you have to go there.
Free inspections and courtesy code-reads for dash lights and warnings.
Best haunted house I have been to yet.  I was actually terrified
Its great that they are open on sundays! Getting Bella the pug her rabies shots today.
Zoom zoom brew... Gf chocolate zuchini bread!
Dirty Chai Iced Latte. Deliciousness!
A MUST ! Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches
Lamb burger was good, but not great. Somewhat smaller and cooked well done.
Leider immer noch so schlecht wie früher.
Great food but a bit of a wait to get seated looks like short of wait staff
Very authentic and family operated! Some of the best Mediterranean I've ever had!
Amazing food. You have to try this place.
Come hungry. Huge portions.
Three words:  oversized, overprocessed and overpriced
Think about splitting a plate. Orders are Huge.
Delicious food. Words can't express the flavors here!
Amazing hash.   Fresh preserves for the mile high biscuits:)
This is my favorite coffee shop in mtl. No bs.
Great work Awesome prices, I recommend them all the way.
Drive through very slow at this location...
Good food and excellent service!!!!
Muy buen lugar el staff is really cool
The customer service was great. Paul will take care of you !
One of the best coffee places everThe Expresso was so Amazing.
Very nice coffe shop.  Nice atmosphere.  The drinks were excellent.
Many thanks to Demitri! I'm getting endless compliments on my haircut!
Great salon. Great prices. Excellent work. I recommend to everyone in Vegas.
Food takes forever n ever!!!
Great job! My nails turned out very pretty
Jim, thank you for the best martini in Vegas! Great pour and ice cold!
Great Pizza and great location.
I adore this store. They always have what I want
Fantastic salad bar also has one of the best broccoli and cheese soups in town if you like that kind of soup! Finally the plane jane - it's a huge baked potato with plenty of butter, cheese, sour cream, and bacon! I get one of these every time I go, I love baked potatoes-you can even get them done many other ways just ask them !!!
The food is pretty good, a lot of healthy options with a decent salad bar.
Was not good. Feta on tacos if u like that kinda of thing. Cafeteria style food. Everything is pre prep and make quickly which take any from freshness. Better than del taco I guess
This place is simply great and the food is amazing
Absolutely great service and excellent work. I would highly recommend Gabe.
Good food and good price but very simple place! It could be better organized
good service. food is good. very small restaurant
Breakfast waffle coming up!  Coffee good :-)
Still amazing food and service. A must stop when visiting Vegas.
DO NOT EAT OUTSIDE!!!! You will be ignored and have to wait forever for anything!
The greatest place ever, can't say enough about this place, don't go anywhere else!
Ok coffee, retro mug and the benedicts were good, but the potatoes were banal.
Le Bab- bacon, avocado, brie. This is heaven on a plate.
"Twisted Cucumber" drink with Skinny Girl Cucumber Vodka, gin, lime, mint = deliciousness!!!
Wow! Fresh eggs, local honey, peacocks, chickens, EVERYTHING FARM$ support this place! Donations on entry. Asparagus two bucks. Petting animals! Rescue shelter!
Buy 1 blizzard get one for .99 cents.
Thursday afternoon and u got 1 teller...1!!! I'm a Chase Private Client too!!!
Wonderful staff, from beginning to end...
Jessica new face at bettys wow!!!   three thumbs up!!!
Great place for a seminar/work function. Despite its massive resort size, everything is pretty easy to get to.
The chicken tikka masala was awesome! :)
Better than most of other Pakistani restaurants.
Stay away from these crooked bums
Yellow curry is excellent as are the fresh shrimp rolls
Love this place. Good people working here. Lanes are reasonable in price.
Charged me $6 for mistakenly shooting my clips. Very ridiculous. Lost a customer.
SO GOOD. brought some treats back with me to california. :)
I had the iced banana foster - amazing! And the vegan choco donut was so delicious.
$3.75 for one (1) gluten-free cookie. 'Nuff said.
Amazing sushi. Great prices. Excellent service
Quality food and. Great service by Mel our server
Delicious! Very good choice of sushi, friendly staff
Biggest shrimp you can find
Top notch service and delicious food!  LOVE Dominick's!!
Only the best cookie I have ever tasted!
Raiders bar!! Always a good time.
Nice tavern, loved the atmosphere which is cool & friendly. Service was ok
Love love love this place for lunch! Can't wait to try it for dinner. Soon!
Great coffee and good fondue experience
They always get it right. Thanks DQ. Muahz!
Nice coffee shop on the 2nd floor. Great staff and drinks.
Salt bagels sell out early!
Awesome people, great variety will definitely return and recommend
By far the best bagel I have ever had! This man is the real deal!
Try to go around 20th-23rd! How fast!!
Our very favorite restaurant in PHX and I am not even vegetarian!
A non-veggie like me would reconsider if every meal could be like this.
If I lived here, this place would be my jam!
Clean, professional, friendly. Did a great job on my hungover man.
Prices where good but the service was terrible.
right off the bike trail.  Great for after noon lunch and wine.
Wondrous food & atmosphere! Amy is spot on as a bartender indeed :)
I had the most amazing Salmon ever! The staff was very kind and accommodating.
Love this place, love the staff, love my results!
Delicious.  Great vibe and ambiance.
Awesome.   We were looking for good Thai and found this place with yelp.  Highly recommended
Obsessed w this place. Best thai food in Vegas. Love their pad thai!!
Very small but clean place with vegan options.
This place blows more than Jenna Jamison
It was eh...   I though it would be better.The flat noodles were the best.
.Delicious. ordered the Tam kha. And egg rolls. Really good.
It's spicy and yummy and spicy and yummy. I love this place!!!!
Excellent drinks, main courses were fantastic.
One of the finest Thai foods ever !
Amazing! The food is fabulous!
Delicious!!! If you like Thai food you have to try this place.
AMAZING. I want to go back to Vegas just to have dinner here again!
So far so good...great menu, great selection!
Good service, nice people with a cute atmosphere.  It's a nice little lunch spot.
This place has such good gyros!! Such a great find.
Crowded, Noisy, and the food really had no taste to it.. Don't recommend ..!!!
healthy and fresh food, nice staff, great quick lunch place
A good Customer-Oriented Dealer.  I use it for Service of all kinds.
Butter Fat Shakes and if you are over 350lbs you eat for free!
Great food, great service, and great environment!
Food is incredible and the service is unmatched. Everyone is friendly beyond belief
Great people, awesome food, and the prices are fantastic.
Everything about this place is excellent.
Good food  fast serviceVery friendly staff. Beer is cold and good selection
Good cupcakes and cookies. Cannoli is good also.
Try the power pancakes. Deeelicious!!!
Awesome menu great food and service. It's the best breakfast we've had in Phoenix!
Awesome food and great service.  Will definitely come back!!
Always great service, great drinks, huge servings :)
Very cool decor and ambiance
Pretty good spot. These guys spent some serious time designing the rides.
Awesome Greek food enough said.
Great gyro.  Really good tzatziki sauce.  Friendly service.
Craving one of their pops now! Tried the coconut, guava, and calamansi flavors. Soooo gooood! Brings back memories of eating fresh fruit paletas in the Mission of SF that no longer exist.  Do u guys ship?
Just had my first session with heather and David. They are so awesome and really make you feel comfortable as if you've known them for years! The stuff they did was crazy! (Good crazy) I recommend everyone to go see them. I will be going back :)
Good was served on time and delicious as we'll as the drinks!
Omg best drinks ever !!!!! Great service amazing people!!!!!
Fun times!  Had a great day!  Took us to all the great bars!
Best experience in Scottsdale!
My daughter got her hair cut today here! And we love it! So adorable!
Amazing place and awesome service - thanks to Brandy and Jeff
Just had a Brazilian split end repair by Laura! She really does great hair.
Excellente cuisine mélangeant amertume et douceurs! Ambiance feutrée, soirée intime et chaleureuse.
Great service, nice menu and average quality food .
Fix your damn website. It says you are open on Mondays which you aren't.
Not great to do business with. Dishonest.
Love this place! They always accommodate and never disappoint!
Bean & Cheese Burrito rocks!
Great pizza - Great service
So happy with the price and quality of the tint!
Very friendly and accessible staff. Great customer service.
Way better than the academy cafe. The Gluten free vegan wrap is great!
Just ate here, Vegan options, and daytime bartender Shannon rocked!!!  I'll be back!
Great food bad service at bar waited a hour to get bill.
Christmas Eve dinner. Yippee
We pretty much have tried most stuff here and everything is just oh so yummy!
Awesome night. Awesome friends. Awesome food.
Chef Hing is Awesome!  Food is great and always a fun time! Pricing is fair too.
Super bomb! Ordered the whole menu! Good prices too!
The chef's are great the food is great and you can't beat the price
Very yummy and affordable !! The food and service was great !!
Great Pub.  Good food cold beer...really enjoyed it
Love this place! Amazing food, great drink options, fantastic service!
Convenient, affordable & great pressure! Massage is great & To the point!
Ladies - ask for Andy, it's like he understands what wearing high heels does to a woman's feet.  Amazing!
It's the subways of pizza, only you bake it at home. The stuffed pizza is the way to go
I really like the princess cafe comedy night fliers!
Great Sonoran hotdogs!
A morning of high flying action!
Very disappointed after finding out that they are not organic!!
Yum and yum. A haven in strip mall hell.
Love this place! I love the juices and burgers. Very healthy
short and sweet this place is awesome!
Employees are flat out rude!  Everyone seems like they don't want to be there!
Very good food and quick service :)
Ordered a pizza that came out super cold! In addition to that it tasted horrible.
Great place to eat! Been there several times and it's always soooooo good.
Great ice cream, great prices!  Quaint little ice cream shop.
Funfetti cookies Nuff said Add triple caramel and there's more than Nuff said
Delicious and cheap !
Delicious and cheap !
they could easily double their prices and id still come here twice a week
Great staff and ambiance. Gorgonzola salad was delicious.  Grilled veggie pizza could have had a little more flavor.  Simple but good.  The scientist pizza was fabulous !!!
Had the fish and chips. Wasn't worth $15. Beer wasn't that cold.
Chicken salad sammich was good.. little heavy on mayo..
Chicken salad was great. The French dip fell a little short.
Horrible horrible horrible
Amazing hotel. Great price and Great location. Loved the setup!
Great Food. Great Atmosphere. Enjoyable time.
Best Brazilian Restaurant in Vegas
"Reservations recommended"...
This place has some amazing Brazilian BBQ!
Try the Parmesan cheese pork and the house special!
Was very good food and friendly. Meats were very tender and seasoned great.
A little pricey , but very tasty !
Amazing experience! Thanks Doug! Great ride and perfect ending!
Get there early cause its supper busy- also ask for the sides to come with dinner or else u eat them before your meal!
First time here lets see how good it is
$15 for a dozen raw oysters. Not bad.
I love it I didn't like shrimp before and now at boiling crab it changed.
Loves it!!!!!!!! The food is amazing! Be prepared for weirdly slow service!!!!
Awesome service and really good seafood. Plenty parking space too.
Food was good, but took forever for it to come out.
Always always delicious!
Great service as always from David W!!
First visit to spice cafe!! Heard it was great!  My fork and taste buds will let me know!!!!
Awful awful customer service
Open until 10pm on Sundays!
Lovely cocktails and pasta . its a nice place . service is excellent
Highly recommend the mussels and the cauliflower!
Doesn't look like Arizona barbers can cut hair and I'm not sure why that is :(
Nice guys and the fade was perfect for a good price.
I had salad with bread and a soup. I really liked them, especially the salad.
So many wonderful options!
Hands down best burger joint with best service.
Love this place! Get row F if you can!
Terrible!!  The food was awful- husband had chicken nachos which tasted like canned chicken, I had an almost burnt to a crisp burger, fries were cold and soggy. Waitresses hit me on the head several times walking by with trays. Stay away!!  There's a reason they have discount tickets available all the time!!
The early you get here the better! This place gets so busy but it's so good! The red velvet pancakes are delicious! Also, Norm is so nice!
Great food - Very nice service! Great neighborhood breakfast spot!
Cozy place.Food was good, but not excellent.Service was really slow.
Food is very good! Service was excellent
Our daughter loves this place and really enjoys coming to class every week
Great place , Staff is always great with the kids, would highly recommend ...
Cute place, not too big but there is a nice sitting area for parents.  Also, the staff is really nice
Great clean place for younger kids!
Very nice old gas pumps staff is very friendly...
Yum!  Pizza is delish!  $1 glass of wine on Tuesdays w entree.  Love Vito's!
Best Italian food I have ever had in Arizona!  Great service and friendly staff.
Best spot for hard to find local AZ brew!!!
Orange Blossom is totes amaze
Best bike friendly place in Phoenix!!
Flys flys  flys did I say I don't like flys
Great bar! Tons of local beers and a big patio
Great location and friendly service!
Love the patio, great food and you can bring the dogs!
The gobbler was yummy,  staff was very helpful and friendly
Really great food! Probably the best pizza in Las Vegas! Highly recommend this place
The best I've had in Vegas...EVER!
Wow, thank god we missed our movie, because instead we found this place!
Awesome pizza.   This is not Pizza Hut or dominos.  This is real pizza.
115 for 1st offenders... Talking and driving. Good thing it wasn't me LOL
Very friendly staff. Wait time was short. Overall very good.
Its a good place and its really cheap to get massage
You get a lot more than what you pay for Enjoyed every moment
Awesome survival store!!!
Massage packages: 5 1-hr massages for $200 or 3 for $135
Great staff here. Therapists are all very talented, you will not be disappointed!
Great staff here. Therapists are all very talented, you will not be disappointed!
Various types of burgers and fries to try but not to worry they have your standard hamburger or cheese burger if you're not feeling adventitious!
Love this place!! Love the hand rolls and the avocado app, yum!
Great authentic Thai. Highly recommend if you're not afraid to eat adventurously.
Some of the best Thai food I have ever had.
Always great...Super nice staff and these guys know what they're doing!!!
Chocolate, cherry and now BUTTERSCOTCH dipped cones....Yes please.
The staff and regulars are very nice and make this place great.
Great place.  Good food and great staff.  Price is reasonable
A solid sports bar.  Good burgers, ok fries.
awesome food! awesome drinks! bartender's awesome!!!!
Really cute trendy clothes at great prices!  Staff super friendly.
Fresh tasty food, clean and great service!
Massage over priced nothing special. Manicure, Haircut Awesome. Quote from Masseuse.  Me "So how's your day?" Masseuse "oh another day another dollar". Not very professional. I work hard for my $, at least he can try to fake it.
This place was good the first time I went like 6 months ago I went there today and it was a disaster. I ordered a BLT my bacon was a stale and looked green my fries were not hot at all it was like my food had been sitting around for 20 min. My friend got breakfast the sausage tasted like plastic the bread was crumbly and the eggs looked like the processed eggs from McDonalds. I am not one to complain at all but after eating a part of the BLT my stomach is killing me. They need a new chef
TGIF and fresh highlights!! Best service and always happy with Jonathon's work!!
Great customer service, everyone who works there is super nice and accommodating.
The brownies are awesome and the lemon pound cake
Ambiance chaleureuse. Bonnes bière et cocktails de bière. Bouffe réconfortante.
Burgers were trash salad and beer selection good
We love this place. The drinks are great. :)
Yelp coupon not good at this NEW location
Won't accept yelp check in offer
Wonderful, great music, food and service, will definitely back!
Amazing staff, awesome food!! Overall great experience.
We drive all over the city for their AWESOME quesadillas! Simply the best around!
Great staff, great food, and fast service. You can't ask for anything more.
Great sandwiches & the staff is just as great!
Its always hit or miss.
Very good food!!!friendly staff.
Good food, decent service, good music, sweet ambiance, but seriously overpriced.
This is a great find! We love the atmosphere, the green chili was the the bomb
Love the sushi here! Very pleasant, authentic service.
Great experience! This team was unbelievable and fast, they know their business!
Excellent service. Reasonable price. And I am so glad this place is open on Sundays.
Javier did and awesome job!
I really liked the food!
It's Starbucks. A little over priced but always good.
The best foot message in the world I would recommend this place for all ages
Excellent service! Highly recommended!
Really good foot massage for $20.
Excellent food all the time!! Great service with Veronica today!!
Great food and even better service from Veronica today at Egg Works!
Great food great service from Kat we will be back
Great food great service. Our waitress Victoria was very nice and attentive.
Rossy was great! Food was awesome! Will be back for sure!
Great breakfast! Excellent service from. Travis
Marianne was awesome! Love this place!
One of the best breakfast places around! All their food is fresh and delicious.
This place is so Amazing!!! Everything is Bomb!! This place only deserves 5 stars!
Love this place!!  Our server Caitlin was amazing!!  We will be back.
This place has the smallest collection of happy hour drinks!
Whent for appetizers and drinks it was pretty good had fun and food was great
I just enjoyed the best chicken tacos ! Taco night @ Mad Dogs is awesome !!
It is pretty good place to get boba.
4 stars. Clean. Fast. Fresh
Super awesome French manicure!
Foods decent but these fucktards charge a $1 for straight out of a bag, mixed in a bucket ranch. Huh? After charging premium summerlin rates for everything on the menu (including $2-$4 for toppings) they want to hit me with a $1 for ketchup's distant cousin??? I guess that keeps out the riff raff.
Love the pizza here it's BOMB.com
Best pizza this side of Brooklyn!!!
Great food.  Love the atmosphere!!
Place is legit and the owners are super nice. Will be returning in the near future
Best quick affordable breakfast in town and the lunch is great too!
Excellent boar's head turkey bagel sandwiches with Mountain Dew/styrofoam cups.
Thank you all staff ! Serving fresh meat.
Slow, painfully slow service.  Only one register open regardless of the length of line.
Not open at 9Tues - sat 930-7pm
I'm not clear why this place boasts "you can experience the best food the whole world has to offer".  The free chocolate covered strawberry was a nice touch but didn't make this the best restaurant.
Thai Peanut Chicken sandwich was really good. Give it a try
Best tasting ice in town!
Great food great service. "Must try" place
Order the Cobb Burger!
Great food, great service, and an awesome selection of beer!
The cherry limeade is awesome.
Wonderful Indian Food!
Love everyone here so friendly always do a great job got a deluxe pedicure an gel pink powder full set thank you Shawn an Karen for making my day !!
It is a swamp too many mosquitoes
The food is delicious! I would definitely recommend...
Drummond is professional and extremely likeable.
Here for 2 hours with my girl and no restroom for me to use!
Love the stuffed french toast combo
Wonderful & beautiful chocolate. Great gift for anyone.
Great place to buy great chocolate! Their salty Carmel is so good
Such great food everything is amazing and BYOB IS AWESOME
We loved this show.  I went with 9 people, which included a wide age range and we all enjoyed it.  He is funny, great looking and a fantastic performer. The Stratosphere is lucky to have him.
Checking out the $20 brunch
ShittySuper confusing menuOverpricedKetchup salsaNot enough food for price
What 5 bucks with my student id wow just awesome !!!! For a hand wash just wow!!
Great variety and tasty food. Love oyster there!
Good buffet. So glad I found you. Enjoyed the variety and space.
Ok food wayyyyyyyy overpriced
Good food and service.
Not the Greek Salad I am used to from Mellow Mushroom. Stingy on olives and other veggies. I ordered a full salad and only received one container of dressing.
Love this place! Food is excellent, decor is dope and servers are nice
Peach cobbler is so good, it'll make u slap ur momma!
Best pulled pork in Vegas!
The best BBQ that I have ever tasted and I love me some BBQ!
Best BBQ!!! Must go!!!
Were do I start everything was great
Amazing beef rib & baby back pork ribs!!! Super cute place & great prices...
Absolutely delicious! Better than Phil's BBQ and much cheaper!
Plain and Simple.....Best Ribs in Vegas! N'ough said!
The food is great the line was horrible but it's worth every wait and penny
If you like Burgers don't skip the outlaw!
Most awesome original real BBQ since I left the south
Great barbeque, best in Vegas!!!!!
One of my top 5 places to eat in Vegas!
Five Stars. Nuff said
The reviews are right the food is GREAT
Had the crab linguini which was the daily special it was just ok. Would have liked to been offered bread or salad. Plus no real cheese sprinkled on the pasta... The kid liked the meatball & strands. Next time i'll try the drunken bread, lobster Mac and fig bruschetta.
Sit in the back by the storage closet..... And get the Mac n Cheese........ The End
nice ambiance and the waiters are nice
Super cute bohemian style!
Worst customer service. They are so rude!
I had them come to my home for a spring cleaning. They did a great job.
Great service! Everything was delicious and I tried a little bit of everything.
Great as always food we love it here! Kielbasa and ribeye steak are the way to go
Great bar. Great people. Second best bar Olympics team in the place.
Amazing  Espresso... Their name implies exactly what they are good at
Tiffany was amazing made me look like a doll ! Great service ! Totally love it !!!
Love there selection and great costumer service !!!!
The carnitas are the best I have ever had.  This is some seriously tender and perfectly slow cooked pork.  It was crispy in some parts, soft in others and downright flavorful all around!
Great mexican resturant in middle if nowhere! I like their fajitas!
Everytime i go eat here it's a great day for me Food is great Workers are friendly
Love the atmosphere but the beers are overpriced.
The staff is always fast and very friendly.
Excellent food and service.  Pricey, but well worth it.
I'm addicted to the little Mango, Strawberry popper thingy majigs
My favorite Mexican food place. Period.
My wife and I like to get the pizza here.  We've always had great service here.
The food and service are always great!
Never again. And I was a good customer
Oysters Rockefeller were seriously amazing.
Worst shrimp chow main I've had.........................................really!
Always good food and good service. I love the green apple Boba here!!!!
Josh bailey did my tat it being my first awesome job. Exactly what I wanted
Very nice salon! Clean! Friendly employees... Great experience
Excellent burgers and concrete mixers!   Cheaper than Five Guys and much better
Tasty! Fresh! Quality food! Friendly atmosphere!
It's good..cheap..clean...did I say cheap?..
Great stuff, great fits.  Clothes last a long time!
Strongest happy hour margarita!  2 shots of tequila in it for $3!
Horrible customer service and really long wait times for a simple report.
Place is pretty busy but my hot and ready was just that so not too shabby.
Big portions , chicken was tough forgot my delicious garlic bread
Excellent food, fast service and friendly smiles!
Fantastic, cheap tacos. Quick service and friendly. Great for take out.
My life is at steak here!
Amazing food that is not overly expensive. Great place for lunch!
Great place! Very professional and nice. I will be going back!
Best pizza and chicken wings in Charlotte. Great food! Great people! Great staff!
Great wings and bleu cheese dipping sauce.
Nice services,Delicious food,Have to come back again.
Great food, great beer great service!
Literally no wait this morning for my coffee!! They have the best iced coffee.
Really fresh.  Hot.  Plenty of food.  Shakes yummy.  Nice clean friendly place.
Over priced Lame pizza
Over priced Lame pizza
Chef Yoshi has left and the sushi has gone downhill.
Always good food and service
Servicio rapido, y precios buenos. Perfecto por lonche, dinner, y otras comidas
Absolutely outstanding! We have a new neighborhood pizza parlor!
Worst service ever ... You have to be a single man to be treated right ... Sad
Organic blueberry scone.  And it tasted good.
A superior coffee shop with options for pour over or french press. Very good brews!
Great choice for home style burgers and food. The pastrami sandwich is also bomb!
Gross absolutely disgusting
Very helpful and patient with us as we translated the menu...plus the food was great
Very expensive drinks and stuck up bartender.   Not friendly for out of town people.
I got Britney today! She was amazing! Highly suggest this place!
It would be so nice if they would have coffee ready between 8 & 820....always out!!!
Meat cooked well, seasoning eh
Stacy Ann has mad skills! Absolutely the most vibrant, long-lasting colors for those who want the BOOM factor.
Stacy Ann Amazing Hands!!!
Unprofessional to customers
Dr. Shelly is the best!
Cooper did a great job as our range master.   A truly memorable experience.
Fabulous instruction.  Tony is very patient and positive.  Great environment
Cool spot to chill on the roof in Ballantyne
we meet again, red velvet pancakes!
Red velvet pancakes and kalua pork eggs Benedict.  That's the recommendation.
I've been here several times now with same results. Great food and service.
Slow service, ran out of rice....crowded
Come early because there's no wait! Wait times usually get ridiculously high during 10-11am. If you know baby stacks they always always get super busy! Especially weekends and Sundays!!! Something to expect from an amazing breakfast/lunch restaurant!
Plugs are on the ceiling so if u need 2 charge ur phone- bring an extension cord :)
They told us 1/2 hour wait and it's been over an hour.  One of those experiences.
Big nice dim sum place in China town 6th floor
service was terrible.  not a very friendly staff
Amzing nightclub! With great DJs
Check the milk dates!
Had the Philly Cheesesteak. It was excellent and so was the service.
Great service and best dim sum in Las Vegas! Beats the ones in Chinatown!
Don't Valet at the Rio! 45 minutes to get our car back!
Very solid Dim Sum joint. Enjoyed their lunch.
Yummmmmmm DishCity and Dimsum
Very talented lots of great designs a little pricy but the end result is amazing
Absolutely love this place the owner always takes care of me and he's hilarious!! I came here one night I was looking for a nail place that stayed open late and close by... I ended up finding  Luxy nails on yelp and what I love bed was the salon was PINK! My favorite color and it also have very comfortable looking chairs so I told myself I HAVE a to go check this place out!..and every since I've been hooked I only come here now! Such good customer service
Love that this place is open. Vee was amazing and I love my nails!
I won't go anywhere else. Tony is AMAZINGLY and his work is unbeatable!
Fast and friendly service
Great service.   Elle really knows how the make those drinks! Jake is so funny!
Great eyebrow threading.   Fast and courteous service.
Just look at the photo n judge it yourself . Looks like a 5th graders work
Love this place! Ask for Shila or Kruti. Both are awesome.
Tasty, but the pulled pork had the mouthfeel of salmon salad. Kind of weird.
It's not express but it tastes good!
I tasted thheir turkey brie sandwich with their beet and arugulla salad. Delicious!
Mediocre and expensive as taqeria go.
Strawberry poppyseed chicken salad is the best salad ever!
give it an hour or so.. for people to start showing up
Great food great fun. Remember to buy drink tickets and you're made
disgusting. how did this place even get such high ratings???
This place was quick and efficient. The business is superb...
Justin, yes please find the part. Let me know when you have it please.
The brisket is super tender the ribs are good too
Good bang for your buck if you are staying in the hotel!
Our waiter Daniel was great!!  Side salads are not listed on menu but are $3.99. Buffalo chicken pizza was good.
Good & cheap... Just how i like my pizza!!
The best pizza on the strip hands down! Reminds of a New York pie.
Awesome vegan options! Totally loved the food and the service! I will so be back...
Great prices,  great range,  friendly people....
First experience in a range was a blast! Learning to shoot with family!
These guys are best in town! Great customer service and very knowledgeable staff.
Amazing pizza!Definitely one of the best places to get pizza in Vegas.
Try the Pulled Pork Quesadilla. It's cut into 4 wedges and big enough for sharing.
Too hot during the summer months! Literally sweating while eating
Great food and staff!!! Sushi is amazing...
Five tables open, on a Tuesday, 12:30pm. Nice Spanish guitar music. Work crowd but not packed.
Just OK - not really Spanish. Mediocre wine list and big appetizers vs true tapas.
Oh yeah the BBQ goes hard!
The original brisket is back. All is good again.
I saw your restaurant on diners.drive n and diners...congrats
Cute place. Loved the beef brisket sandwich and the beans.
Amazing concept. Works for dads, moms and kids. Food is tasty and affordable.
Looked like a little hole in the wall sort of place so I decided to check it out.  After the meal I will review and let you know if it's any good.
Amazing Fried Chicken and mashed Potatoes
Tasty food! Great price!
Great American Food coupled with great service.
I will not buy my coffee drinks anywhere else in Las Vegas
Great shop!  Friendly staff!  The best vibe in Silverado Ranch/Green Valley.
Best coffee ever! Plain and simple.
The best coffee shop in Nevada!
Get your Bulletproof Coffee Here!!! Yum!
Just what I needed for a groggy morning.....coffee helps colds
Best pizza ever!!!!  Must get the bread sticks  :-)
Amazing!.  Deep relaxation and healing experience. Thank you Dr Richman.
Best in Phoenix. Everyone has personality and they are fun.
This place is so irritating!!!!
Very fast service and friendly staff. I was really surprised by how fast it is.
It was just ok. Nothing special to brag about
Good sandwiches. The lady at the register is kind of dumb though.
Best donuts!! And the service is good and fast.
Best place for men if you like to take care of extra facial hair (cheeks, bushy eyebrows, etc)
El diablo, what a joke not even spicy...
Solid happy hour, funny comedy Sunday. It's tight. You should definitely come.
Great place and nice staff
Best nail salon in Vegas! Super friendly staff and they can do ANY design you want!
Thank u kim for doing an amazing job!! First time doing stiletto gel nails
Love Peter!! My nails look amazing every time. I get so many compliments.
Beautiful job on my nails, great service. I will be back
Thanks for sweet the mani pedi duo for my mom and I!
Peter did an absolute perfect job on my stiletto nails. They're amazing !
I will definitely be back excellent cs and work
This place is the best place around here! Great service and great people!
Tony took his time and did an amazing job!!
First time here and Peter did my nails PERRFECTTTT!
Love my nails! staff was friendly and helpful :)
omebre by Kim！ great experience！
Had a great pedi today! Just moved to Vegas and glad I found my new nail spa.
Very happy with Peters work he's great and fast !
I will never go back.  Torture chamber
My nails are fantastic and so pretty
Easy 5 star experience all around. Eric is a great server.
We would come here every day if you had wifi for customers
Being open till 3 am is clutch
$20 for non-residents
OMG! Really fun and educational!
One of my favorite Vegas moments, definitely something I would see multiple times
This is THE place to go in town for a greaser do. Old school barber shop.
Looking for a Barber Shop this is it. Man's Barber Shop.
Worst chorizo I have ever tasted... Never again!!!
Bacon! Bacon!  And more Bacon!
Man I wish there was a place like this in LA!!!
Highly reccomend this place!
Love this place! Great customer service and service overall.
Very Honest and does very professional work!
This place is the business .. the shoyu ramen with spicy meat is so freaking good!
The place is kinda small
Perfect ramen. I can't even imagine how it could get better.
Best ive had in a long time
This style of ramen was not my taste, very blent and not fun of the egg noodle.
Go see Racquel Bray! She is the best!
This is an amazing place. Good service. Go in for an Happy Beer :-)
Hands down, the best carpet cleaning company in Phoenix!
I'm not sure when Planet Hollywood shot glasses and VHS tapes became antiques.
Good little breakfast place. They use to deliver but got too busy :(
I had the chocolate cream pie and it was the best.
Is that a Drag Queen holding the Tru ~ Cab logo in your pictures
Awesome serivce every time! The food is good too:)
good place to hangout with friends and enjoy bruschetta :)
best place ever! great vibed, great food!
Great food and great service. Wish they had one on every block!
The food was wonderful.  Enjoyable place to sit and relax.
Cool patio and great bruschetta! Very tasty and great atmosphere. Come early
Great way to spend happy hour!
Great location...  The wraps and fresh brewed teas are exactly what you would expect from Red Velvet Cafe....
Personable friendly and professional....job well done!
Best carpet cleaning service Las Vegas ask for Jake!
Ordered the prime rib. $13.99. Great value, juicy prime rib with green beans. Choice of baked potato, mash, fries or rice. Salad or soup. Comes with a 20oz beer. Long line for dinner.
The best steak and egg breakfast,  and cheap $6. Service was very good.  A must
Best fried chicken and great prices. Always a wait but worth it every time.
They made the foods very good, and price was cheap. The steak made very good.
Best Pizza around. I would eat here everyday if I wasn't so fat.
HUGE amounts of pizza! Very yummy! Much better than Venezias!
Best pizza I've ever had, and at a good price!!!!
Great food, awesome service. And you can bring your own beer.
This place is simply amazing! Love it!
great all u can eat sushi! Great customer service. The sushi there are really fresh!
Good, tasty fresh sushi. Small portions of rice. Definitely worth every penny.
Food was ok and pretty small place.  Music mix was good and service fine.
Best groomers ever!! Thanks so much Debbie and Stephanie:))
Awesome place!!!  They have fresh food not many places have fresh bird food!
Best Cyclone Bootcamp in the valley !!
Try their alligator pastry and Mexican cookies! So good.
Get here early to get the best seats. Most are first come first served.
Sundays get packed, so either come early or make reservations for brunch or lunch.
Love this place - great burgers - best of any airport I have been to
Do not get the grilled onions..
Terrible service, a waiter who didn't care and the wrong eggs.
A little cramped, but we were seated quickly and the burgers were amazing!
Garlic Naan is the best
The Salad dressing is soooo good here!
Nice remodel of an already nice space. This Bonnie Bar is a true Celtic Cantina, hopefully there are no banshees haunting this welcome pub.
Me and my family loved getting wasted here
Chelsea is the best bartender she took care of me and my stomach lol
I think Yelp said it best...  meh, I've had much better!
A little rough around the edges but great breakfast and service
Nice service, but long lines in the morning
Love this place!!!  They always do an amazing job with my Zowee!
Arnoldo is the best server! Come see him! And my coconut calamari was the bomb!
Alberto was our waiter. He is great!!!!
Great job ladies! Love you! Always a great job! Ann and Moon are awesome!
So glad we found this place! Fresh fast service.  Will definitely be back.
Disappointing - not impressed at all
Disappointing - not impressed at all
Great little water park.
Great food, yummy and fantabulous drink. Our server ,Lauren, was awesome.
The Coronado is awesome.  Caramelized onions, Red Bell Peppers, Provolone Cheese and homemade Horseradish cole slaw.  Topped with fried onion ring and roasted chile mayo.  It is cheesesteak goodness.
Just ate the best Philly ever....of course I've never been to Philly but damn!
Had the fried chicken last night. Off the hook. Great job.
They won't give out wifi password, even though there's a listing for "Guest." Not nice.
Duroa de Harina with lime
Walked in.. Waited ten minutes. We didn't get acknowledged. No hello, no Hola. Someone walked in after us, and got there ice cream first. We walked out.. Empty handed and sad.
Standard starbucks; great people and an indoor / outdoor seating area.
Excellent service, great food, nice people. Will be back!!
Buttermilk Pie. You need this in your life. Nothing bad here.
Got a 10%off coupon on Yelp. Showed it to the server she told me to hit redeem and that Yelp will do the rest. Honey it doesn't work that way you need to give me the discount. Didn't even bother to say anything just took the 10% out of her tip.
Very good food! I was not disappointed. I will be returning and telling my friends.
Delicious authentic German food. So great!
Good Food, Great fast Friendly Service, authenticity to the highest !
This place is open for breakfast on the weekends even though the yelp page says its closed. Nice relaxed atmosphere pleasant service this morning.
I love this store great prices  :)
Across from Walgreen's.
All you can eat sushi...lunch $19.95, dinner $23.95
The place is awesome, good food and very very nice people.
Great place, be patient.   Worth the effort
Dirty and no service. Got tired of waiting and left.
Fresh, soft, delish. No glitz or glamour, but the donuts were good!
Still my favorite burrito place! I love the steak burrito with their smoked chipotle Tabasco sauce.
Try the tofu sofritos!  Spicy and delicious!
Great Chipotle, always generous and fun employees.
Only been there once but it was good! Friendly staff, good times, check it out.
Best wings in town! You won't be disappointed.
Straight up legit wings joint.  All they do is wings and they are amazing!
These guys are super awesome, and their wings are crazy good!
The best wings in Arizona!!!!!!!
Love that they let you taste a wing with different sauces... Really good spot
Love the food always consistent. Shrimp pizza is very tasty try it!
Best chorizo burrito and menudo in town.
Solid... A little expensive but a great taco shop.  Carne asada tacos rock!
Stupid. Thats it just plain dumb.
Nice staff and very friendly Prices more than okay !Rooms spacey and clean
Nice staff, good location, room was clean, would stay again if visiting Scottsdale.
Good sandwiches but prices are higher than quality of food.
Yes yes yes i love this place;-)
Loved the staff and the food!
Parking lot is tricky and does not wrap all of the way around. I see traffic jams as people make 23 point turn around a to exit. They really need signage !!!
Good foodGood shishaGood sweetsss
The 6.99 Yelp special is no longer valid. They have a 7.99 special now.
Our server giggled....super underrated, love a good giggle.  Food was great and not expensive.  Great find to hide away from kids.
Love Rachele for beautiful three-tone color.
Try their "hot sauce" on your burger. Good!
Nicest gym I ever been to. I don't want to leave.
Amazing experience! Thank you.See you soon.
Awesome gym with any equipment you need for your weight training.
Great classes! Excellent equipment and nice amenities.
The best chicken fried steak in the valley!!!
This place is hell and slower than a turtle. Avoid this place at all cost.
10% discount with student ID
Love the mahi mahi entree. The combo hummus (red and green) is amazing too.
Pita jungle is awesome! Great options for healthy eating! Ice tea is on point!
Awesome as always. Everything I've tried is amazeballs. I keep bringing friends Lol
Super fresh !!  Super fast !!
Horrible service and the worst Indian food I ever had..
Good varieties of Indian food during lunch buffet.
Slow service and greasy food! Not happy with the quality.
It would've been 5 stars,  but service was a little slow.
You don't get the full experience until you do personal shopping
Using coupons is a nightmare and takes forever to check out.
Loved the store. Very good prices. Hope to go back soon.
Nice lounge, big walk-in humidor.
Awesome job on my muddy jeep.
Hookah is good but takes a bit for service.
I always get great food and good service. Never disappointed.
Awesome!!!!That is all....
Oscar did a wonderful job of helping me out! I look forward to signing up!
Best place and cheapest place in town must come down!!!!!
Happy you are now at Downtown Summerlin on Saturdays!
I really enjoy the food and the excellent service , thank u Felix and chong
BEST carne asada tacos in AZ!!!
Best food! I want to eat there Thursday-Sunday! Love this place!!!!!
Fresh, simple, authentic Mexican and very affordable food.
Good,cheap,theres always a wait but its well worth it. Perfect late night spot
Nice interior. Good service. Pretty good menu. (Potato is so so.)
Interesting to go to a Chain style grill place.
Took us late in the night and gave us great service ! Love the food ! Great place !
The service is TOP Notch, wine, champagne, bottled water, great customer service in a very prestigious area which I live in & appreciate..
I'm a vegetarian and ordered a vegetarian meal, and there was chicken in it.
Best indian food in pittsburgh..have been eating here for three years
avoid waiting in line by being the early bird!
Come before 6pm... It gets mad crazy after 6pm
I always seen this buffet on the tv commercials now I finally got to eat here awesome good food....
Terrible pizza.  I can buy a better pizza at HT.  Staff is very unfriendly
This is the place for steak, if you like beef Wellington well then eat all you can while you are here because there is nothing juicier than the Wellington here. prices are over 45 on average so prepare your budget. the atmosphere is very nice and waitresses are smoking hot, you can't go wrong here.
Absolutely the BEST steak I've EVER had!!!
Get a reservation early, but the full menu is also served in the lounge.
The food was absolutely Devine!! That's all the needs to be said.
Dat wellington, I don't need to say anything more.
Best meal I have ever had.
Delicious food with lots of variety!
Outstanding sushi bar. Great sushi and busy.
Great section of sushi and friendly service.
Excellent sushi at great prices. The staff is friendly and service is great
Slow svc, some sushi rides the train too long. Overpriced for institutional sushi.
By far thee MOST professional company I have dealt with in the Charlotte area!
Cannot go wrong with this place.
Who takes lunch from 3:30 pm to 5:30 pm? This location. Who does that? ANNOYED
Awesome guys, honest and friendly.  Will use them any time
Some of the best tacos Ive ever had.. and cheap! Definitely a go-to in Mesa
Awesome! Awesome !Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
I have a blast every time I come here!!  Super fun and the staff is super nice!!
Great place , hands down the best restaurant I've been at for a while
Really nice coffee shop with great coffee, great staff and atmosphere.
Great service and great spinach dip.
Try the Kahuna Grande! :D
The only reason I came here to gamble was to see Gus. I'll never be back.
Love it!! Charbroiled burgers omg so good!!!
Just like LA!!! Bomb.com don't hesitate just go!!!
May as well find the stairs.  This place is a pit.
Casino  security are completely rude!!
I suggest eating at the steakhouse such goos food.
D Hotel..... Slowest elevators in Vegas?
D Hotel..... Slowest elevators in Vegas?
Most bitchiest casino hosts I have ever ever experienced... At 3am!!
Love the clothes!! My fave place to shop. Affordable and trendy..
I don't get my nails done often but when I do, it's at Teres and they look fabulous.
Reasonably priced and the Paninis are great. Recommended lunch spot!
Buffalo chicken panini is amazing!!
Easily my favorite place. Coffee is delicious and the owners rule.
Great customer service! Lynn was awesome!
What a gem of a soba noodle shop!
Downtown Locksmith is AWESOME!
Love this place. Clean and modern. The staff (especially Karen) are fantastic!
Well if you want a run around  company we just found one
Love pupusas great is soo close to my place
Organic lager here... It is called 'baba'
Awesome!!! Staff is super helpful and friendly!
Best glazed donuts ever!!!
I m g how can they make them so soft
Great donuts! This is a simple place but the donuts are delicious!
Best donuts I've had in az so far
Tasty food and reasonable!
Tasty food and reasonable!
Very nice restaurant. Friendly staff and the food is delicious.
Great service I will also be ordering again today yummy I love the food
Good Guy--Quality Service--Fast Repair--Will recommend--Wish I found him soon--
One of the more intense boxes. A little intimidating for those coming off the couch.
The best service ever... Highly recommend to use Silver Eagle Locksmith
Brian Susan and their crew doing awesome job wish I would've found them sooner
Jeff put dual's on my 2015 Silverado really nice work.
Terrible service my car wasn't even clean didn't vacuum in the backseats !
I love the picture menu...everything looks delicious and tastes even better!
No bar in the hotel but you can walk across the parking lot to the Marriott Courtyard and they have a bar that opens at 5:00 p.m.  They also have a laundry room available for guests to use, I thought that was great considering we were stuck In town another day with a suitcase full of dirty clothes.
Omg I thought I could handle spicy. Dayum even #3 level kicked my @$$. I swear that I usually handle hear very well but definitely get 2 if you're not sure. It's not spicy at all but at least you can breathe!
The service is too slow and the hotpot is regular. Maybe other dish will be better.
Very delicious beef noodle soup! A must-try!
Terrible my dog came home with lice!!  I would not take my dog there again!!
This is my happy place!!   Love the staff, love the service, love the results!
Discovered Afghan food here; wonderful aromatic spiced dishes and warm service.
When I first entered the salon, i love the atmosphere and the decor. It looked so clean and so contemporary. I had my haircut and I had my hair styled by Keri. She was such a sweet person and she did a really good job on my hair. I told her how i wanted it done and she fulfilled it.
Excellent blowout.  I highly recommend and the hours are fab.
Loved the salon and friendly staff!! Thanks for the great blowout Keisha!
This was the worst customer service I've EVER experienced!!!
Incredible. Boarded quickly, arrived early. Kind and friendly staff.
No frills flying. Pay for what you need like checked bags, in flight snacks, etc. If you don't want or need those things & just want to get from here to there, this is the best option.
Pot roast fries are to die for. Great vibe and decor. Lots of beers on tap.
Untrained!!!! Ive got abrasions & a swollen  eye 2 days later
Love love love the staff !!
Great food, great atmosphere, just hands down amazing moist brisket.
Delicious and nutritious.  Not a place for PETA supporters.
So yummy. I love CJ's. Baylee is a rock star.
Excellent by owner I would recommend highly & treatment is well deserved!
Great food, courteous, friendly staff. Highly recommended! Eat here today!
Food was good the dust busters and vacuum  in the dining area  gross!
Quick service,  friendly staff, easy access, extended hours - LOVE THIS PLACE!
Dhil is the best barber in town.
Great artisan pizza. Our favorite in U-C
I'm going to get picky here. I hope they don't hate me.
Awesome !  Easy,  clean.   Wish open later.
Hands down , the worst tattoo shop in Arizona!
Best Steamies and fries in the city.
Pas de place pour s assoir. Comptoir old fashioned genre orange julep. Toilettes à l'extérieur  lieux propres. Personnel motive et gentils
Best Pizza in Henderson
Whoever's idea it was to make meatball sliders out of garlic knots is a genius!
Food is awesome and love this place!
Garlic knots, Ghost Fries, lasagna and pizza.  You will NOT be disappointed.
Decent pizza. Nothing to rave about. Staff wasn't very friendly and I felt rushed.
Great food... Great prices... Ill definitely be eating here more often
out of business! phone number disconnected and no where in the shopping center!!!
Must have!!! Don't forget to add honey to the crust. You won't be disappointed.
4x a week I'm here - I love it! Great service too!!
Holy crap delivery was 1.45 hours!!!! Food was OK not worth nearly 2 hours!!
LOVE this place. Great food, fast delivery! What more can you ask for?
Michelle is amazing, always on time, knowledgable , l am happy with results.
Ick... that's all I can say
Awesome!!! if a big slice of greasy yummy pizza is what your looking for here it is
Best Sicilian  pizza I've ever tasted !!!
Friendly family atmosphere in the heart of little Italy.
Very slowwwww service!
Great place for your doggie spa day! They get to play with other dogs while waiting!
LOVE this plaCe  great atnosphere,fun,great drinks.will def visit again soon.
Staff is always pleasant and coffee is always yummy.
Yummmmmm. Everything is wonderful
Love love love!!!! Great coffee, great service!!!!!
This place has amazing crepes!
Excellent crepes and selection.
It's just Ice Cream... 4 bucks for a 12 oz blizzard is crazy
30 minutes to make three skewers...
I can't believe we didn't know this was here!
Excellent pizza, service and reasonably priced. We will be back again to this hidden gem.
Quickly becoming a favorite spot. Nice patio, great pizza!
Interesting and unique take on the gourmet burger craze. Incredibly well executed and insanely delicious.
delicious juicy burgers! Great service!
Seriously the best burger I've ever eaten. I got the miagi burger. Nummm!!!
Every time I go I try a new burger and there ALL amazing
Kitchen items/appetizers now limited to 3 orders per person.
Disorganized and without the ability to help with even the easiest request
Such a great experience!!! Great food selection and amazing hospitality!
It very good food yummy
Breakfast for the active.... Yummmm
I had the California Club breakfast sandwich!  It was amazing!
Perfect place for a college budget that at the same time offers good food.
15 min for a sub with 3 ppl in front of me?! Nope! Understaffed!
Good sandwiches but price point too high.  Good homemade chips.
This is probably one of the greatest places on Earth.
The shredded beef tacos and chips and salsa are Devine!!!!!!
Good but not great for the price.
Excellent Food and Service. Place looks Fabulous
Tred tres bon! Service rapide et agreable :) je reviendrai 100%
Time for a Rib Eye steak!!!!!!
Worst service ever.  Avoid this place.
We laughed our asses off!!!! Shane and the others were off the hook!!!!
Mashed potatoes gravely COLDNo seasoning Cloeslaw okay Won't be BACK
Lame, no breakfast Sammie's
Great cut and I'll be back there from now on.
Oh wow! This place is the bomb! Try their "pain doré"! Amazing!!!
They have a kid's menu but I would not consider the place family friendly.
Fun atmosphere and great view of the strip. I'm coming back with friends next time in vegas!
Food had no flavor and was pricy. Should have just gone to chipotle.
Great food, great service, great ambiance, the makings for a GREAT night out...
Meh. Watery margaritas and egg role esque mini chimis. Good happy hour prices.
Drinks are a little spendy but this is a really nice bowling alley/bar/venue.
Horrible. Gross food. Worse service. Disgusting drinks.
Crappy food, and terrible service, I've had better at fast food chains
Tasteless microwaved-like Mexican food. Just awful.
Great prices and is always adequately staffed.
The fly-tie cocktail is quite tasty!
Wait for ever at drive thru
Bring a crowd with you,  This Place is great fun!
Very good.  Consistent.    Good sushi.   Nice presentation.
Great food,  fun and entertainment!
Great food and ambiance. Great service.
My wife and I eat here regularly. Prices are good, and the sushi is delicious.
Great pizza, good prices topped off with affordable prices
Excellent service, superb work. Highly recommended
Taqueria Guadalajara it is not :(.
Great pizza and not overpriced. Super yummy!
Ask for Melissa! She's awesome!!
Love!!!!! Super sweet. Always progressional. Very clean.
This location is vacant.
Happy Hour is a must.  Get here before 7pm
Cocktail's are awesome. Squid ink risotto was really good.
HORRIBLEI'd recommend yellow cab over these; discount is always late.
Pistachio nut and cookies and cream.
Best ice cream, hands down! So many great flavors!!!
Great pizza - goat cheese and prosciutto, salame and classic margarita pizza.
All these years of ordering poutine. Tried MY FIRST REAL POUTINE here! Wow! Onions, peppers, smoked meat, cheese - lots of cheese. Yum!
Food was great, service was good. Would go again.
Amazing place. Great food, great service. The gravy here is sublime!
I like to make my own poutins, I feel like a real cook.
First time - excited!
Life is good and when your this wasted everything tastes good
Great recommendation from my cousin! I really recommend!
Wow. Fast is an understatement.
Wouldn't go anywhere else!
One of thee Best tasting comfort foods I've had. Fresh tasting and great services!
Good and unexpensive. Friendly staff. Sushis are tasty general tao is quite good.
Liza did my nails and I absolutely loved them she is awsome!!!!
One scoop of gelato is $3.51
Long lines always. And your noir card doesnt work here! Breakfast sandwhich for scott. coffee and my favorite here buttery flaky Crossiants!
Make sure to look at all of their beautiful cakes!
The Creme Brule gelato and key lime pie is awesome!
I love this place...at least every week we stop by get a chocolates and pastries
Wow! Crepes out of this world! Delicious!
Will be back when in vegas!
Needs a better selection of Japanese single malt whiskeys.
I called several time and every time I leave massage no one answers back
They did a great job cleaning out house. Reasonable prices. Friendly staff.
Good  place  very clean employees are awesome . Place its big and look nice .
Just great authentic Mexican food!
Nice job great cleaners always friendly
Great Dry Cleaners cheap prices and friendly service. I would highly recommend
Excellent service, very friendly, great prices and location!
Always friendly and customer focused.
Great, great, great southern BBQ. Side dishes were a little small, but what they lacked in size they made up for in flavour. Well done!
Their salads are amazing and fill you up! Also, chicken steak YUM YUM
I totally suggest trying the tandoori wings appetizer. They are so good that I daydream about them.
Very bad service and wait time. My first time here and never coming back again !!!
Best indian restaurant in Arizona ever ! The malai kofta here is to die for !
Love this place. Looks clean and great food. If you are in a hurry during lunch it may not be a great place, a little under staffed.
Great experience at this location! Very sweet staff, will return for trim soon
The big yellow cup says it all!
Fast and Friendly service! Absolutely delicious!! Seriously finger licking good!
Phenomenal food, excellent service, and really cute decor.  I love this place.  No matter what I order the food is amazing.
It was surprisingly good! Really good in fact. I will come back next week...
Great food, beer and ambiance. Really modern twist on German
Great food, beer and ambiance. Really modern twist on German
It's pretty delicious and I like the location.
One of Phoenix area's absolute best. Haus burger is worth stacking double
Some of the cheapest gas around and a pretty decent car wash.
The servers are all really polite and friendly. The food is always very good!
Watch You Tube Anjelah Johnson Nail Salon - I experienced it!
Always great finds! Denise was awesome today. Hard to find great customer service!
Coffee cake ! If yelp wasnt lagging and would have let me check in, you would have gotten some eye candy....... But I ate it
Jake is the best. Great pizza. Great drinks
Always feel at home and have a fabulous time!  It's like a family!
This is the same business as All City Refrigeration--hence the same business phone.
One of the best I've had. Crispy and cheesy pizza.... Yum!
One of the best I've had. Crispy and cheesy pizza.... Yum!
Lots of construction on their street corner at the moment.
Wow the place is huge, pricey but set up is legit
Hands down best place in surprise! Great food, entertainment! WE LOVE IT HERE!
Great place!!! Took my son here for his 7th birthday and he had a blast!
Awesome place. Shannon the bar tender is legit! Good food. Bipolar music.
do not have your kids birthday party here...... customer service sucks
Love this place! Tia the bartender is seriously the best!
This place is Awesome , Must Visit .
Potato egg pizza. Nothing else will suffice.
There's nothing I didn't like about this place.
Love this place!!! Get nailed by Helen!!! Everyone else is awesome too!
See Larice! She's the best I REALLY love my nails!
See Larice! She's the best I REALLY love my nails!
Food good, service good, girl at cash register needs to learn to smile.
New owner is great! Honest guy. Doesn't do what isn't needed!
The hummus, veggie, and focaccia bread sandwich is good. Perfect for a light lunch.
This place is amazing! Best pastries ever. Friendly staff. Everyone is family here.
Homemade food at a home feel place.
Go if you're desperate for pizza.
Awesome! He is so fast, so friendly, and his prices are great!
Screen repair looked perfect and they came to me!!
Amazing fast and friendly service. My phone looks good as new!!!
AMAZING!!!! So quick & affordable, WONDERFUL experience
Chicken biryani is awesomely spicy!
Page c. Has no clue.she tosses out bad reviews like they are going out of style.
Not my type of place but it's good for women likes although pretty expensive!! I never liked the place myself but you can come to try it out!!
My go-to sandwich place. You had me at cream cheese!!
Delicious! Had the Redneck Tacos! They are one of the best BBQ dishes I've ever had.
Good food fat portions . Kool to have Chino food a phone call away.
Still great and good portion for the price.
A real barbershop. Fun, friendly staff with mad skill.
SUCKS ! Pizza tasted like factory frozen mass produced cardboard
Why are there almost 5 stars for this place?
Used before. Always good and a pleasure to deal with.
Je ne me lasse pas de ces menu tout es bon et bonne portions
Great place!! First time trying the custard! A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!
Love the facility and teacher.
So freaking hot and limited shade. Bring an umbrella. Wear a hat and comfy shoes bc there are also very few places to sit.
Lunch buffet from 11am to 3pm
Over rated. That is all.
pasta size is very big!
This place rocks. Great food. Great owners. Great prices. No bullshit.
Absolutely amazing burger
Yummy and hot  - good margaritas. Never had a bad experience
I had the best burgers here.  So good I went back the next day.  Very nice place.
This is my favorite burger place!
I liked the spot. Great burgers, prepared to your liking.
nicole was friendly. Quick . in & out. 1st appointment.
Good place to monitor your pregnancy
Pork belly appetizer was delish! Lovin the cocktail list and their extensive whisky selection!
Interesting menu. Drinks way over priced. Bone in pork belly was ok.
Great food and service? Kale salad was the best I've ever had!
Good fish & chips, good service and nice location.
Great drinks good service, patio was a good scene, nice place to chill
Damn hot blonde bartenders
Wed is $2 taco night !
Well it's 1:12am and you guys are closed. You should really change your hours
Helped out a friend....fast, easy, and reliable service..
Lovely service Happy and seasoned sales personThank you
Food is awesome and stuff is friendly and cheap prices
Man, this food is so so good! A MUST if you are ANYWHERE near Uptown Charlotte, NC.
This place was a big surprise!  We were actually going to T spot a few doors down but the place was empty. So hubby and I decided to forget ramen, let's go Chinese!  They are good, very tasty!
Excellent Szechuan food. A real gem.
Not very nice. Demanded  I turn off my car.
So good!!! I had the pulled pork nachos. The  best I have every had. Must go!!
Everything was fabulous!
What a real surprise, this place is top notch, excellent food and drinks.
Best shrimp and grits this side of Charleston.
Love that place! Génial!!!!
Great food, great people, and cold beer. What more can you ask for.
Plain and simple this is the place to be!
Crossfit 400 is awesome! The coaches are inspiring and kick your butt!
Awesome place to walk your dogs in the morning!
We came on a Friday at 615. It was busy but we didn't need a reservation for two. I would recommend one for more than that but it seemed to slow down by 8pm. Salad bar is phenomenal!  They allow you the option of salad only or salad and meat. Do both and leave room for dessert!! It is worth it! They will sing happy birthday to you in portuguese!!
Great service !! Had the beef spring roll which was awesome. Ordered the sweet and sour chicken which was the best dish I had !!!!Looked at the dessert menu but was too full to eat more. Will totally come back for dessert. They now have vegan ice cream. Everything looks really yummy. I will come again for sure.
Delicious crispy beef and Curry chicken. There are so many options.
Not a fan of this place. There's better "authentic Chinese" food in Chinatown.
Good food better than the rest.
This is a Vegetarian dream come true. My favorite is the Crispy Beef and Broccoli
Splatter Zone is a must! Cough up a few extra bucks and have a blast!
This was pretty hilarious. I laughed really hard.
Yuyis was sooo friendly and helpful. Great customer service!
Have football part supplies! Great find. Less packed than party city!
Great place for balloons and helpful
Came in for balloons for a party and the girls were Very helpful and friendly!
Get the wings Daytona style....
Great gym for the basics.
Awesome work!!! Brings carpets back to life!!!
Great beer selection and awesome pizza!
Wtf!!! Where my biscuit??? Cheap owner n cheap freaking shit head!!!
Too much to list, management needs help.
Great staff, stunning office, great location!
Awesome customer service! Thank you for always taking care of me and my friends.
Great experience! Friendly staff! Massage chair was on point..feel amazing!
This was an amazing idea.  Feel great and the service was super!
Excellent customer service, great price and it works!
Worst food for Indians .. Nothing is good ..
Chocolate covered strawberries with my meal as a treat? Yes please!
Marveless Mark rocked!  Cool atmosphere! Great time!
Awful bartender and drinks!
Great people! Great service thanks for everything good talk
Just the best tacos I've had in Pittsburgh. A must try for anybody nearby!!
Great food, extremely mediocre beer.
Amazing food and drinks!
One of our favorites in Montreal!
Service is great and the chicken pot pie is amazing!
Def not as impressive as I thought it would be. Food was bland
Torched goodness is delicious single serve creme brulee. A must try.
Brilliant food and a very reasonable price
Great taste, and one of the best Id say around here! Everyone needs to try this!
My favorite breakfast spot right now. Hobo plate please and thanks!
Excellent services! Excellent food! Southern hospitality!
Great customer service, good prices on accessories, ok prices on uniforms.
Skimpy on the servings as well as the service
Half price day every other Saturday
This location sells some cosmetics, scored some Donna Karan Delicious 3.4 oz perfume for $5 almost full!
Fabulous shop...check it out!
Fabulous shop...check it out!
Very good .... Nice little place.
Quick stop for 3.99 tacos and beer -- good in a pinch but the tacos were cold.
At 1030 they are out fish? Hard to believe in a Saturday night they are out of fish
Good stuff !out this world!
Try the frys no salt!
Stop fucking yelling at me! I already over payed for your mediocre burger....
After the first time coming here i was hooked..great job Five Guys
PB & Chocolate smoothie...it was awesome, the service was great and I want another!
Ryan has great customer service. He was very helpful.
nice quick service! friendly staff and the smoothies always comes out perfect!
First time there, very friendly staff. Not a long wait. Did a good job !
Wonderful ice cream & gelato. Friendly vendors. Best location at the Atwater Market.
Really good home cooking. Took the cooking class and really enjoyed it.
First and last time there . We won't be going back
Shavone is the best server!
Free to military members!
Perfect bar for the summer. Beautiful pool with an incredible view of the city.
Try the bulgolgi beef box. Lots of food for the price
Excellent job, excellent service, I really recommend Marcos Window Tinting
Awesome all around !!!Great coffee, great staff.... Amazing chocopecan
Large iced mocha extra shot is all I ever get. Pricey, but tasty.
Consistent friendly service and quality products!  Clean facility.
Best place around. Great selection, good prices, and friendly staff.
Not into frozen yogurt, but it was pretty good.
Awesome Awesome Awesome That's all I can say ! Must try
So-so. It didn't stand out from other sub places. I wasn't impressed.
I only wish the food was as good as the service. The host and waitress where extremely friendly and very helpful and very well-trained. The food on the other hand was a completely different story.
I am very sad to see this family owned business close.  11/2014
Great flavors and the profits go to great causes!
So yummy! Never disappointing!!! And I love that they are open until 10 pm
Hidden gem! The food is great, the service is good and to boot it's really cheap.
Great causal dinning! Casey is the best server! Clean and very good service.
Great place and great people.
Solid place overall. Happy with my experience.
I love this place everyone in this clinic is super nice and friendly.
Therapy seem to help some still to early tell but the staff is wonderful
Therapy seem to help some still to early tell but the staff is wonderful
The staff and doctors are friendly and the place is always clean
Nice place I go here for my hair with brandi - she's great!!
Love the Wonton soup.....bowls keep getting smaller though
My favorite place to eat! Fry sauce is the best thing that happened to me.
Good place for yummy custard.  Like the turtle concrete.
Fast and sooo good. Skinny fries good also. What's not to like about a steakburger!
Very pushy.....needs a lesson in ethics
I really enjoy the pancakes, but service so slow even when no one else is there.
Place was clean. Service was great and food was delicious!
I love this place. Service is good and the foods are awesome!!!
Over priced and under filling.
If you're interested in a Brazilian wax, go elsewhere. Was left with a lot of remaining wax on my skin, a lot of hair that could have easily been waxed off and no backside or tweeting was done at all
Excellent and quick service on a two watch battery change.
Great service! Fast! Very friendly!
Always enjoy the service here. They are top notch!
In love with this place.
Nice folks, kids like getting haircuts here
The guys here are professional friendly & attentive. Been coming here for a couple of years and the service has always been steady. Wifi is a plus and so is the clean bathrooms.  I definitely recommend this place.
Great mini hike with kiddos!! Great way to get your day started. Do it!!
Excellent authentic Mexican food!
Love this place! Great daily specials! Good bar staff and super yummy food !
Got the keratin blowout...love it!  Wonderful stylist.
My new favorite breakfast spot.  The breakfast burrito crepe is a must, their iced coffee are really good and the hipsters are nice.
Really cute space and its packed on sunday morning so that must mean good food
Andouille sausage. Best breakfast I've ever had in my life. Hands down.
Food is great and service is always amazing as well!
Awesome Crepes, great atmosphere and wonderful service.
Loved the king burger... Going back for the Reuben
burgers are good but the oil is obviously overused and the service was poor.
Wouldn't come back, not very customer friendly, go across the street to five guys
Great burger. Friendly staff and they are quick service for a week day lunch!
Best kept secret in Las Vegas. If your a deep tissue fan..I recommend
I love this place! They have some of the best pizza I have had in Madison!
The Eastern location is closed.
No more wells Fargo for me
Staff is nice and friendly
This bank does NOT accept cash deposits!
Very helpful and friendly
Getting refinance on my car. Great service ask for Shue  He is the best for your banking needs
The fastest branch in town. I was in and out in less than 2 minutes
My new favorite nail Salon! Cloe is amazing! My nails were flawless.
Loved it! Lo- cal and yummy
Very accommodating & friendly. We had an amazing bowlwich, "wich" was amazing!!
Mark the back side of your bag so you can tell where your sandwich is on the line.
Great spot to eat lunch and dinner. Sundae roll is amazing!!!!
Great, new place! Friendly service and quality drinks!
Nothing to fancy just a good clean gas station
Amazing place. Unfortunately, it's now closed, probably forced out by inflated rent. :-(
Must try the guacamole...and their pulled pork dishes are phenomenal!!
Awesome upscale Mexican food for airport!
Average but expensive airport food.
Plenty of outlets for travelers that are in need of some power- both at the bar and in the booths. Extremely fast service and food delivery (a plus for quick layovers) - but they're not quick to make you leave if you've got time to kill, either.
Excellent all around!!
Horrible place!! Beyond disgusting!!! No fire alarm in room someone removed it.
Always have good luck with usbank always nice and professional!
Doesn't live up to the hype
Amazing!!!! Fresh cheese!!!- Authentic.
Great pizzas and good selection of beer.
Big salads, good wings,cold drafts!! Nice change from buffalo wild wings or hooters
Still our favorite place for dinner and game-watching! Never disappoints
Server: Judy... What on earth would possess you to stop taking our order to check your phone and say "people keep calling me, leave me alone!!" Really? We probably wouldn't have known your phone was even ringing until you drew attention to it. Worst idea ever to do when your working for tips and serving a table full of locals in the industry! Not what a company wants representing them!
Try Knotty Brunette- ice cold brown ale beer!
Fun place to have a drink/burger. Had a great time here with the wife!
Love this place, close to home, great food and drinks & Witney DJs like a Boss!
Big Nasty sandwich is amazing!
Awesome find again read my previous review!
A clean bathroom! Finally!!!
Pupusas make for a yummy and filling meal.
Two stories of endless fun.
Get the lamb gyro with fries and a diet raspberry snapple. Quality for like 6.99.
The "mezzanine" of this theater is just the rear section of the orchestra seating. There is no raised mezzanine. Therefore, save your money and buy tickets near the front of the mezzanine instead of paying more for orchestra seats.
Great show! Great music!
Met a fan of mine! Cool
Excellent always ... Sirracha Beef sandwich under 500 calories...score
Great service and the mango ice is pure heaven!
Trust the reviews you see on here.  That many people can't be wrong.
Love this place. Great, and fast service. Personable yet professional staff.
Ice cream sandwiches!
Three words- chocolate malted crunch.
The Thrifty ice cream was not that great. The cookies were just ok ! You can just go to the store and buy some dreyers ice cream instead !
Absolutely great!  Super customer service by everyone in here and Nita is amazing!
best sandwich place ever.  *chicken chipotle sandwich*
Nasty. Got an egg wrap and the eggs are so cold they're bordering frozen.
Absolutely amazing breakfast.
This is my second review! This is the best place and I feel awesome!
Everything great, makes veggies a welcome surprise
Another amazing meal today! A great way to start my week happy food and happy people
Great Vegan place with all fresh items
Awesome hummus and vegan breakfast burrito
My new favorite spot for British pubs. The food is decent. Drink is affordable compared to other prices on the strip yet close to the strip. Check out their Tuesday specials. I had a fun time with friends here
I only came to this place because my friend gets his pedi here. I should've known not to trust it but I was running short on time and the location was convenient. Needless to say I will not be coming back here. The wait was awful they need more staff. The gentleman that did my pedicure acted like he was scared to touch feet and used the softest touch ever. I didn't like my pedi at all and can't wait to go back to my regular nail salon. Waste of my time and money.
Their drive is the worst. It takes anywhere 20 to half an hour.
Worse service ever. We waited 40 mins for breakfast. 1 star is generous
Love tjmax I just bought some great items there..
Fabulous Ginger Miso Grilled Salmon!!!
Best breakfast in the Old Scottsdale area.
Great food and love their menu for my pooch!
Sooooooo sloooooowwww. Breakfast Club is way better and worth the wait...
The people here are really friendly. Great job!!! Keep up the good work.
The place smells weird and the pizza was burnt.
Great food! Great prices! And fabulous customer service! We will be back, for sure!
Simply..... The best food for the real refined pallet.  Food is by far best in phoenix for the style. Seriously, a real culinary delight.
Hours....Wednesday - Saturday:10am-5pm
The worst Italian food I've ever had.
One of our family favs for delicious, plentiful, inexpensive meals...
This location was a disappointment   The location on Park Road is better.
Incredible food. Fair price. Impeccable service.
Your typical hibachi/sushi house, with very good if slightly overpriced food.
gotta try this place again, tried it back in Chicago, didn't like it. Been about 4 years, let me try again in Vegas...
Love the staff. They know my order, always have smiles and the food is just awesome.
Interesing dishes and flavors.  Decent prices and excellent service.
Service has become slow and poor. Food still ok.
Fast and very professional!
Excellent people, excellent timing and excellent care!
Most honest mechanic ever. Top quality work certified professional!
Very happy with my cut
Why is it my first visit?!!
Best buffalo chicken pizza
French authenticity in the heart of Pittsburgh.
Good food! Fast and friendly! Food was great!
Clean facilities with great food and service.
Awesome installation of new AC/Heat pump systems.
Excellent coffee and service.
Excellent food.. Great people working behind the counter..
Awesome food and very friendly staff and always nice and clean !
Delicious food and truly delightful workers
Excellent food, excellent prices!
Great gyros, pita bread and falafel. Very friendly service and clean restaurant.
Love this place, they own a price of my heart
best staff, clean place, open kitchen, amazing food, great prices... five stars!!
Great prices and great service
Clean fast very good food that you'll enjoy more than once cause you return . A +
Great cut and conversation. Breanna is a pleasure and I look marvelous.
Mexican street food is outta bounds
Great food!! Great bar!!!  Friendly wait staff and bartenders. Love the ambiance
Great pizza and staff
Taste just like back home New York
Got the pizza and it was good.
Good sturdy breakfast with a friendly staff. The pumpkin pancakes are very good.
The BMOC is pretty big compared to the other entrees. It was a very interesting mixture of sweet and some salty. Quite unique.
The best coffee I've ever had!!
Best breakfast place in Phoenix!
The best biscuits and gravy I've ever had.
The best brunch in Phoenix. BMOC was amazing and full of great flavor!
Apparently they forget to add chicken to the chipotle chicken burrito.
David at the front desk is awesome. Thanks Jake for patiently shuttling us around.
Great food. Huge portions.
Great taste with quick service. Food taste out of the world!!
Always professional.  Have nothing but good things to say about staff.
Nice and clean rooms staff is very friendly.
This place is closed. A new one appeared E Bell an Tatum SE corner
Knowing is half the battle
My Lily looks fabulous!   I will definitely be back
Just went there for nails before my wedding and they were great!!!
Excellent sushi, very fresh and pure, seaweed salad is unrivaled.
best marshmallows I have ever had I will be buying again and soon
Place was ok good selection of beer but location is a lil stupid
Great olive bar, great options, quality sushi. You get what you pay for here!
Hair in food and it wasn't mine...., enough said!!!!!!
A must try! So many flavored it's impossible to choose!
Love it!!! Great prices
Excellent spot, service is friendly and fast, great ambiance.
Profiter de la terrasse si possible.
AWESOME PLACE!! Original menu items!! Go there!! Just go! Just GO
Used to be the Raddison
Awesome gym, awesome trainers, awesome people!  Love this place.
Order 95 ten signature drink
Yep. It's a gas station. The same Terribles as every other corner of Las Vegas
Great place with good selection for young riders too ! Very helpful staff.
Beautiful space & relaxed vibe.
Everything from soup to nuts.
Always friendly and very clean
Good selection, great prices...
Some common Asian or Hispanic ingredients can be found cheaper at a supermarket, but the variety here is amazing.
Strawberry Rhubarb Berliner Weisse!  A beer that smells like cheese - which I wouldn't think would be a good thing - but what do you know..  So Good.  Try a Chocolate Chili Milk Stout for dessert.
Wow. This is the best milk stout I've ever tasted. Definitely coming back.
Fantastic pizza, and even better beer. Do yourself a favor and go here. Honestly.
Brandon is the best!!!! Try the Zach Attack pizza it is amazing!
It's like heaven in a brick and mortar building!!!!
Bar area is a great scene!
Place very nice but service is very bad, long wait, food is bad too.
All Holidays are 50% off red tags!  Red tagged items are the higher end/brand name merchandise.
Hannah is amazing. She is friendly and will walk you through every step!
I think removing the word urgent is appropriate
BYOB. Check the website for the beer/wine policy and then come and enjoy!
Great show. Highly recommend
Drinks with the office!
As any other metro station here, clean and safe. The staff is very helpful.
Delicious! Beef Shwarma Pita. Already planning my return!
Friendliest owner and staff. We love the food and atmosphere.
Beat gyros I ever had!
Great! Chick-fil-A in NC
I went there for lunch and luckily we had a reservation because it was a full house. Took the 13,50$ lunch which was absolutely delicious but the portion was small for the price. I had an excellent falafel brochette & grilled feta.
Wafts of Mesquite wood as you walk in... food clearly made with love and good technique!
Great place to buy and car and feel like family! They always treat me so well.
I would eat here every day if I could. Best Thai in the valley.
Love love this place.
Have been here a few times now, diverse menu, great food, and healthy options.
You have to try this place.
Wonderful, helpful and always thinking of their clients!
Nicely done!! Finally found a salon in this area that does a decent mani pedi!!
Seriously the best service I've received in a very long time. I ordered what the server recommended and everything was absolutely phenomenal. Will definitely be back again and again.
Bun Bo hue.  Killer. Rolls awesome. Pork chops are frigging delish
It's ok pho. Not much ingredients and broth pretty plain but overall ok.
Their Nem Nuong Cuon is better then the places in Cali.  Yum!
Terrible terrible food!!!!! I can't believe it has 4 stars!
Fantastic food.Yum !Yum!When your in Vegas try it!!
Very good food & the best iced coffee ever!
Oh, so good! Excellent, really really good.
Understaffed !!Peak season and completely understaffed.
Absolutely wonderful!!
Absolutely wonderful!!
They serve Ellis Island Microbrews!!!
They told me they don't have NBC and couldn't put the game on a TV...seriously.
Don't get the potato skins... They are dry and disappointing. Good popcorn with real butter is nice though!
I have one word: gross
Oh how I love being treated like livestock by the government. Favorite thing ever.
This establishment is NOT GAY friendly! !!!!  my partner & I away for being gay!!!!!
Great beer, great service in a neighborhood that deserves more (positive) attention.
50% off rolls, $3 garlic chicken, $3 spicy garlic edamame, and $5 tempura rock shrimp salad. Yum!!
The 5 and 21 piece sashimi is sublime.
Had a great meal with family here!! Service was wonderful and food was GREAT!!!
Amazing food , incredible drinks, delicious we will be back soon!!!!
Great quality, a bit pricey but well worth the cost.
Loved our experience!! The salon is beautiful and service is prompt.
The meat was very tough. Over priced for serving sizes.
Horrible customer service manager Morgan was extremely rude
Dropping off another donation!!
Très beau resto comparé à celui de Boucherville
Always great service. So nice and friendly and do a great job with my dry cleaning.
They were very nice but my nails were very thick
I go almost every day. Fantastic food and even better service!
Best pedicure my mom and I have ever had!!
The food was excellent and Dona was great
Ridiculously good. The combinations are endless! Leave your will power at the door.
These guys are AWESOME!  My bulldogs will never stay anywhere else!!!
Love the office staff and eye wear selection.  Sharon Rocks!!!
Great price fast turnaround , great quality
That's damaged our car. All they were was sorry and I get to have repaired.
Great food, decent prices! Excellent for brunch but get here early!
Just met Natalie. Like this place!
What a great place in old downtown. Shrimp and Grits were awesome.
Truffle egg sandwich kills me every time
Grits! Ask them not to put onions on top, and to bring butter and maple syrup, unhealthy heaven...
Great food a must try while in Vegas!  Excellent breakfast!
The best breakfast place in town!!!!
The service is great. Wonderful atmosphere. Food is kind of bland.
Always fresh & great.
Love it here! Great service and great food!
We have been here about 5 times and each time it's just as good.
Had an amazing breakfast with great service! Will be back when I come to town!
Amazing deviled eggs, but limited availability!
Great place... I love it the cinnamon biscuits are the best
Great service and exceptional food. I recommend the deep fried deviled eggs.
This was worth it! Awesome service and great food! Right on Carson!!!!
Another great breakfast. This place is truly a diamond in the rough.
The worse hair cut ever
Great customer service and very trustworthy mechanics
Awesome service always goes above and beyond!!
I always recommend this place to everyone! Always they best prices & quality work.
Quick in and out. Loved the customer service too!
Awesome breakfast/lunch. Always fast and always good.
Wasn't as good as everyone said it was. Very disappointed.
A thrift store with a large selection of clothes , household items , books etc
Get the pretzel foudue!
Meatloaf dinner and they even add the grilled the bread I wanted without a problem. Perfectly tasty!! My husband says the ribs are good, coleslaw excellent but $27?? Get a blue berry beer while you wait.
Pretzel Fondue...meat and cheese plate and meatloaf oh my! :)
The soft pretzels are a must do!
Lots of hustle and bustle. Live music Friday and Saturday nights.
Great food! Try the chicken meatballs.
Food and drinks were delicious.   Cool hanging outside.  Great atmosphere.
My go to spot when visiting Las Vegas! Great breakfast!
I always find the best treasures here! The staff is friendly and the store is clean!
Excellent service, food, and margaritas!!! I would come here anytime!!
Great Chinese food. Great atmosphere
First time here.  They have light choices & you can customize your dish!  Lots of spicy sauce  & protein choices!  Something for everyone in your group!
It really Shouldn't take 15 minutes for a to go order of white rice!
I've never seen so many beers in my life.
Great handles! Best pop tarts in the world. Lots of fun!
Lots of good Oregon beers, should replace Full Sail with Double Mountain
Best buffet on strip! Hands down!
Over rated and over priced! Totally not worth any wait or the $$$$
The wait might be a pain but this place is definitely worth it. Easily one of the best buffets I've been to on the strip.
Best buffet in Vegas!
I love its all desserts! If I had 2 stomachs, I would eat all of them!
Desert you cant help!! Dumplings and drunken noodles are highly recommended!!
First time here. It's pretty good so far.
Even if you're hungover get there early so you don't have to wait in an extremely long line!!!
The hot crab legs are to die for! So delicious!!!
Are you kidding me??????? $62.99 for a buffet!!!!! Enough said....
Great food n desserts! Although sushi are not very good.
Not worth the wait! Over 6 hour wait time. Lol.
I ate a dead fly salad today! Period
Hands down the best in Vegas, price kinda sucks but it's worth it
Really great place! Like oysters and desserts to death!
Fancy place, lots of items to choose. Fresh stuffs and lovely dessert.
The best ever buffet in Vegas
$55 on a buffet, can seem pricey, but the variety and quality of food is worth it. My date and I had great comfortable seats so that helped with the experience as well. My advice, get a booth or at least a table for two on the right side were there isn't much walking traffic.
I love this place! Food is delicious and I love the bottomless mimosa!
Went here for Valentine's Day it was amazing!!! Every cuisine in one place
Food is great, lots of excellent choices and very friendly service.
Very delicious food be back here
Holy baby Jesus this was amazing. Every bite was delicious.
Crawfish and spinach enchiladas are pretty good.
Fajitas were good and salsa has a great kick.
Excellent food and service.  Love this place!
Good food and service.
Is there a dress code for the post office psi test?
They don't have ranch, don't waste your time...
Thank you Tammy for fixing my hair! I love it!
No red bull and vodka.... We left upon finding this out... Bartender was nice though
If you do one thing at the hard rock - go here. It's awesome.
Great place it is very good
Great place, live music and food trucks out back!
Cranky old women work the registers. Otherwise very clean and acceptable.
Good food...wonderful bakery...nice selection of healthy foods!
Make an appointment for registration....
Great prices and even better sushi.
Great food great vibes.
Fresh, cheap, fast and you can build your own sushi roll. One of my favorites
Took 20 minutes for store bought chips and salsa. Enough said.
Good poutine and nice staff . Live the rainbow veggie poutine .
Great food, very fresh. Nice change from fast food.
Best kabobs and bread in town!
Not a good service, they serve  me the wrong  order.
I would recommend General Tso with noodles and hot and sour soup
She was very nice and affordable. Our daughter was happy.definetely recommend
Just had the Turkey wrap with corn tomato salsa as a side. It was awesome.
Beautiful custom designs!
Service was awful. 1 1/2. Hours to get our food!
Terrible service. If I could write 0.5 or 0 review I would.
Amazing Customer Service ! The yogurt is amazing !
A small yogurt costs $6.
Wheel of Death...WOW!
Excellent food and great service. So surprised for an airport terminal location
Best Thai food in the valley and consistent from one restaurant to another!
First time here and looks realy good and its in a nice little shopping center.
Sketchy, smoky, and skanky but great!
Nothing special! Typical beer menu nothing out of the ordinary!
Deluxe with extra massage
Great service. In and out in less than 2 hours.
Great guy. Great work. Feels like a new car.
Awesome!!!  Dan did an amazing job on my Mercedes E350.
Over 20$ for average pies is crazy.       ................. Was Very disappointed
Great environment. Very nice people. Always helpful!!
Awesome build your own burgers, great specials.
Great service and reasonably priced.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.
Adam was amazing and funny had a blast on the big bus
Always great! And our pups love there dog treats too!
Great ice coffee come here every morning the service is good as well
Best hair cut I've gotten in a while. Staff was super friendly.
Great place, staff is awesome and friendly.  I recommend to anyone!
Great menu selection clean friendly staff.
Olga was amazingMy skin has never been nicer cant wait to go back
Do not go. Not open. Closed down
The red velvet shake is very good
They got rid of the shot in the dark!!!!! No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing. Really helped my lower back and very relaxing. The staff are very helpful
I love this place! Floating in these pods helps me relieve all sorts of pain through out my neck, back and hips. Great atmosphere for relaxation and super friendly staff!!
Love this place!!Absolutely Amazing appetizers & ambience!
Always great service and delicious food! The bartenders here are TRUE mixologists!
The owner seems a bit pushy. And some things just doesnt seem right. Hummus dry. I asked for a sandwhich and he just throws the things on the plate. The meat is ok. But customer service will put his business out
Great place and service.
Great Happy Hour Pricing with good drinks & service
Always good pizza. Friendly service.
Fukuda is closed. It's now Lomito, a South American restaurant. @lomitotruck
Disappointing to say the least... Good service but the food was terrible!
Had the special restaurant week menu selection and it was lovely.
Best Korean restaurant in Montreal!!
Delicious!  Everything we tried was good.  Defiantly get the Cuban It is scrumptious!
Friendly staff, decent food. A wide selection of foods.
Bring your flashlight, lighting is very poor.
BY FAR the best indian food in Madison...
Like..  But no captain?  Really?
Good service and fun atmosphere.
This practice will triple charge you and your insurance!!! They are a rip off !
Friendly, fast, helpful and non judgemental.
This place has great soup for lunch!! Good service too.
This place sucks. They are slow and illiterate.
Loved it!  1st time but I will be back. Rooftop seating with Rachel was great!!!
I visited this restaurant for the first time and got no service for restaurant week.
Japanese teriyaki with chicken
This is very good asían, specially for an airport...
I love their cheese steaks!!!!!
Best cheese steak I've ever had, period. Great guys.
You must order 3 or more business days in advance or pay $7 fee to expidite
I love this place! Such a fun club. Skybox is the way to go. Ask for Dezi!! Omg
Bring the family, lots of very large, comfy booths to sit and relax in!
Music so loud we had to leave.  And this was at 7:45 on a Saturday night. You are open til 2am!!! Maybe start the band AFTER the dinner crowd.
Hard to find. It's tucked behind solar panels on Cinnabar, it's not on El Mirage.
Great place, friendly owner, and a true Chicago style dog experience.
Excellent customer service, nice selection, and great service!
Breakfast club sandwich on an English muffin?! So good!
Chocolate chip cookies are delicious
The food is well made here and staff are very friendly .
The burritos enchilada style are to die for!!! My favorite place to eat!! Yum!
This place is awesome !!! Me and my best friend rent from "scooter up" every time we're in town!! The scooters are great and at a price you can't beat ! Customer service is impeccable, Wayne is always on time and curtious to me when I'm not  lol give this place a try! You won't be let down
Super bon, 5@7 super convivial et délicieux pour le prix! À essayer!
Very good food. Masala dosai was excellent
Best buffet..nice ambiance and tasty food.. Definitely i'm a fan..
Pire service. Je n'y retournerai jamais!
I love the crepes ! Perfect consistancy ! Mont blanc is a must try ...
Don't like their bubbles at all...
It is by far the best place to eat falafel
Great service. Helpful pharmacy staff. Clean.
Great late evening find! Cupcakes were delicious.
Love this mall the food is great the Att store is huge and best dillards in Arizona
I really like this place. I need to go more often
Excellent service great food cant go wrong will definitely be coming back
Great curry, fast service, and friendly staff
Got the Chicken Tender curry level 2 hot, it was on point, I recommend it
i thought this was an actual audition with judges but its not.. kinda disappointed..
Amazing ... Popcorn is soooo effn good And the owner is as sweet as they come
Best local soul food around.  Made fresh and served with pride.
Great food and local beer collection. Friendly staff! All around solid vibe.
Great food and sevice will be coming back again ... i went for lunch
The have the best shrimp and grits.
Great food, clean, fast and friendly service.
Excellent service and great Thai food!
I just had one of the best meals of my life. Choo Chee Crispy Tilapia at Z's.
Excellent service, amazing food!
Best pizza in Pittsburgh!
Margarita pizza with artichoke and red peppers, really good, try it
Delicious brick oven pizza. Think Il Pizzaiolo but affordable!
Friendly staff, awesome food, casual ambiance. Genuine brick oven pizza... Yum!
Vegetarian dumplings are with beans instead of tofu. They are tasty!
Quick in and out. Total less than 15 min.
Food is amazing! The ambience and people are amazing!! Great customer service!
This had to be the worst meal I have had while visiting Arizona!!
All the food was great
The butternut squash soup w creme fresh was amazing. Short rib tacos will not disappoint. They come w home made corn tortillas and more guacamole and pico de galleo than you will be able to eat. A small kale and grape salad w quinoa makes this a great dish. I can't believe I am at the airport, this food is way too good!
I found a piece of glass in my water!  So be careful when coming here..
Good food and good service for a pre security restaurant at PHX. Glad i stopped!!
Upscale ambience, excellent food.  Forgot I was in an airport terminal.
Oatmeal was delicious
Love that I can enjoy the awesome food even at the airport
So awesome that La Grande Orange is at terminal 4.
Cubano hot sandwich is really good!! Ham, pickles & Cheese.
Pizza usually takes 10-15 mins to make but it's fresh & hot. Love the kale salad and gotta order an mini AtoZ cookie for dessert!
The vegetarian sandwich was delicious.
Overated. They are discriminatory towards servicemen and women.
Good atmosphere, good bar food. Enjoyed hanging out with friends there.
$6 huevos rancheros were incredible. Very authentic food.
Terrible Service. Slow and apathetic!
Plain Hot Dogs are $4.95. Our order of 1 dog plain and 1 chili with large drink was $16.05. Hot dogs were small, not the large ones at costco.... Way too expensive for plain ass dog. But this Vegas... Do yourself a favor and spend your money at Johnny Rockets next door.
Unique sandwich place with good food and great vibe.
Good lunch salad for cheap
Best sandwiches in the vally
Very yummy! Staff was uber friendly and enthusiastic.
To whom it may concern: They do not serve sugar-free red bull.
The best thai food in phoenix
Les saveurs sont épatantes.
Excellent, nous sommes venus à 3 et tous les plats étaient excellents!!
Best Orange Chicken I have EVER had! So delicious!
The food was excellent. Must try the curries!! and the lunch special was worth it;)
Great place to get a hair cut with a great price..:)
Best haircut in the valley with a great atmosphere
Best barbers in Phoenix.
I ordered the lobster stromboli and it was good, but that was not lobster in there. Tasted like the imitation crab stuff that is really a fish that tastes kind of like crab. I'm from Maine and grew up on lobster, and the meat inside was not lobster. I was dooped
worst pizza  in vegas..hands down
Kyle "aka pumpkin" provided great customer service! He has pretty eyes and a nice smile. LoL
Took my ccw class here. Instructors are great. Made the 9 hours go by fast!
Had an amazing time and our guide, Sean was super knowledgeable and real chill!
Awesome place.  Small dog area and big dog area to start.... Awesome
I love coming here with my dog & walk around or stopping by @ dog park
Cheap but fair.  They will not clean everything.  Quality is not always consistent
Great veggie burger that is vegan too!  Even came with a side of vegan coleslaw :)
Great food great service very friendly will definitely come back!!
Best sushi place in town! And the prices are not too bad
Food was delicious! Highly recommend eating here. Service was great as well!
Yummy food and great service!!
The best all you can eat sushi in town!!!
love the all u can eat here,  freash made when we ordered......
Great late night all u can eat! Loved the garlic tuna. Also the seaweed salad.
Great food great ambiance!!!
Great place! Never disappointed when I come here
Best sushi in town. We  keep coming back here.
Quality food with fast service, would definitely recommend to others.
Best AYCE sushi place in vegas! I love it!! Japanese lasagna is the best in town.
Always consistent and service friendly.
Great food! Great service!
Baby Eric was bomb!!! He has excellent customer service and was very fast :)
Love the place. Salmon lover roll is soooooo good here - a must try.
Delicious  and cheap indian food
Wonderful products and services! A very progressive clinic.
Longest wait for basic food.  Really nothing special.
Great service & food! Enjoyed the veggie eggs Benedict and a Bloody Mary.
Not bad. Service is always good. The Ceasar salad is good and reasonably priced.
Get here early...close at 3.
Tasty and fast. What more do you need between flights?
If you want a real coney come here!!
This place is fiya!!!! I recommend the pig pot
It's like pulling teeth to get recycling bins out here. We tried to have them delivered...twice. Then we went to the office on Sahara: out of them. Finally, we got them here.
permanently closed! so sad but true!
Great place with awesome beer
Love this place sooo much that curry was delicious !
Great flavor, price and location. Pulled pork steam buns are to die for.
Great food! Fun atmosphere and no corking fee.
Really different & fun place!
Pretty fun for kids here.  They are here every year and my kids love it
Good food.  Good prices.  Nice staff and good service
Love this place. Food, service, atmosphere, prices:  all the best, all the time.
Totally Gorgeous Interior!
Delicious sushi with good prices. High end atmosphere without high end prices!
Having quinoa stuffed advacado
Oh em gee!! Try the quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken! Explosion of flavors!!! Yum
Great food best in town. Wow. Charlotte needed this. The great sandwich is awesome
Awesome Food, Atmosphere and Service!
Quinoa. Stuffed. Avocados.
Simple the best all the right flavosr and freshness
Best Peruvian chicken in the QC!  Amazing!! Some of the best food in Charlotte!
An excellent meal with excellent sauces.  Definitely worth stopping here for a meal.
40 seats in the whole restaurant so it's cozy. Open till 3am which is amazing.
Bogus Krispy Kreme location does not make donuts here!  "We're waiting for our donut delivery truck."  All they had left were lemon filled donuts. :o
I love the guy. I forget his name but he is the best!
Love this place Linh and her girls are amazing and affordable
Great taste healthy foodLove to come againHopefully with different waitress
This place is the best breakfast in town!
Great food and great price.   Helpful service.  Clean place. Very happy.
I can now say I've tried veal testicles. Damn you AZ Taco Festival!
Good hamburgers just a little bit expensive, but really good I will comeback
If you don't have a baby, and like over paying for drinks and crap food Javier's Las Vegas is your place.
Definitely need to make reservation. This place is full 90%of the time !
Get the Javier margarita!!
Great food and cool vibe loved it
The filet mignon was amazing and banana nut martini hit the spot
Good food, great atmosphere. Dark & a good vibe.
Very nice ambient! Food is little expensive but if you like mexican, go foward!
Go and Get some good drafts on tap in the back.
Killer selection - great prices - 12 taps - awesome hours - extremely personable.
I've always smelled the delicioisness of Project Pie, but didn't realize I could partake in said deliciousness until I saw "Yes, we have gluten free crust." PERFECT, thin, crispy, happy, yummy GF pizza with a knowledgable, friendly, personable staff and owner. Will be coming back again, and again, and again!
Yummy pizza. Friendly cashiers what else could a guy ask for?
Pizza was superb!! Came together perfectly :)
Similar to pieology and pizza studio!
Love it!! Food and service were both great! :)
Awesome! 3 visits, 3 different meals, all 3 I would gladly eat again!!
Thank you Pink Spot for my free 12ml of juice for my birthday!  I love the label!!!
This place deserves 5 stars. Great service, nice people, great menu.
Really good! So many options it's hard to decide! Great Shave Ice!
Worst pepperoni pizza ever. Ever.
Food was amazing service was great! Pecan torte was heavenly!
These guys do a great job!  Ribeye (Maui Marinated) and key lime pie ALL DAY!!
Excellent food and service!
Jimena was one of the best servers I've had in quite some time! Hope you get in her section!
Love the food!!! Service is great too! Our new favorite! Price is reasonable too.
Horrible service never going back.
$5 burgers every Tuesday after 5pm.
All is well is at Bar Louie, firm handshakes, good music, cold beers
Love the shawarma....both chicken and lamb.......
Great service, excellent detail job and good value. Arrived early and put in work!!
I love this place even more now. I ordered the wrong veggie pita and they fixed it for me!!!!!!
My new favorite for gyros! So, long My Big Fat Greek Restaurant! This is truly authentic food.
Love this place, great food.
The apricot bacon wraps were my favorite. The porchetta is sublime, if you like fatty meats.Must finish with a pudding cup!
One of the best Soul Food spots I've tried in Vegas!
Last time I had chicken here it was superb!!
Love this place oxtails meal with mac N cheese and yams best soulfood spot in Vegas
Stopped in for a real southern soul food dinner.  Was excellent as usual!!
Awesome, awesome, awesome food!
best hamburger in town look up the verses listed on the packaging
Hoeegarden on tap and Ayinger bottles! Awesome!
Casanova pizza...dates, pecorino, prosciutto, and arugula
Pizza..wine.. Amazing
Vegetarian Pizza pizza pizza pizzaDonut with chocolate dip x1000000
Always friendly and timely service. Even order for pick up time to time. Yummy!
Outstanding!!  Great pizza, cool place and nice people. Convenient covered parking
trusted hair salon. been going to raul for almost 2 years now
Excellent customer service. Brendon provided great service. Very personable!
Great food, very reasonably priced. Very nice and informative server as we had not eaten Ethiopian food before. Was empty on a Friday night so I hope people see the reviews and help them make it. The lamb was especially delicious.
New for us... Very exotic!
Excellent food. Presented  in an eclectic and fun style. Great staff
Great service from Ray and the staff this past Saturday during Brunch Happy Hour!
Hidden Gem in Summerlin... Tivoli Village. Great atmosphere, good drinks!
Katie is amazing with nails and fast too!! They do high quality work
Horrible service! Will never use them again!
First time and is freaking bomb.com
Incompetent and shady at best.
Best place to pick up your favorite adult beverages!
If you want a smart ass comment from a big guy with a mustache, named Brett, by all means, come on by and let him treat you like crap. Worst service at a Lee's Liquor I've EVER had after shopping there at least twice a week, every week.
Love taking my dog here while I'm in Vegas .
Great low cost and  fast pet care.
Tried tan tan men for the first time. I never had it before so I had no idea what to expect. The broth is thick spicy and sweet. A lot of sesame flavor too. If you dont like sweet flavors,  I don't recommend tan tan men. I like their regular spicy tonkotsu and other ramen though.. Just not tan tan broth..
Taking all the advice and trying the Tantan Men
Ordered the Fukumimi ramen----very delicious. Will come back again for more.
Kara Miso is the way to go on a rainy day!
Solid ramen joint.  The spicy is great.
Holybajesusssss this place is tasty...
I love the red velvet!
Amazing cakes and great customer service!!
Great food and service. Great thin crust pizza. Nice pasta too.
Ok not sure if I would make another trip had better in town
Always extremely helpful. Courteous and friendly staff.
Wow, this places is the epicenter of disgruntled workers
Amazing products and sales. Love the non gmo project foods.
This place is a must go.. Food is to die for and the atmosphere is priceless
Posh. Small menu but the food was great.  The French fries were very good.
Everything was awesome. Real fresh and tasty.
Still great..... It's earned another star on business lunches since the first. :)
Breakfast in the Atrium
Great find! Great prices and fantastic food and staff!!!
Can't go wrong with a carne asada torta  and 5 rolled tacos!
Food was good, service was good.
Clean, fast and friendly, inexpensive.  Best neighborhood store we could have!
Nice beer selection and good drink prices!
Not bad, good for fried food. Heavy food but well made .
Yikes!  Please allow 2+ hours for dining service...
Amazing service, amazing food, new favorite local joint.
Exceptional locally sourced food!
Been here once.  I loved it.
My favorite franchise ever . Great place
Highly Recommended. One of the best!! We were trying to find a good Facialist from Las Vegas And Milunkha shows up on top of the list so we tried it out. She's very friendly and considerate. She takes her time in sessions and the results are outstanding. :)
Love shawna she knows exactly what i want even if i don't know what I want!
You don't take gift cards? Why not?
The sandwich shop in here is a hidden gem. I highly recommend the subs!
Just like Chipotle, but better!
AwesomeAmazing serviceStarving and this place made me smile
Food great, customer service sucks
I love this place!! Great service great food!
Everything is good every boba you can think of, still haven't had every one yet.
Club Lulu fantastic as always!  Delivery still impresses me every time!
Great gym but way too expensive.
Delicious!  I eat here at least twice a week and they are consistently good.
.86 mile path around lake, 2 playgrounds, ducks, fishing, many sports fields, picnic area, restrooms!
Best Park Ever, my taxes @ work!!!
Very friendly and efficient staff
I'm digging their vegetable tofu pho! To die for! #AnniePho @LasVegas_Now
Ok place for pho. The place is kinda scary at  night. It is hidden in a dark area.
Best. Vietnamese. Egg rolls. Ever!!!!
Delicious. This place has authentic cuisine. I love it :)
Food is awesome especially the spring rolls and egg rolls!
first time pho eaters should not wear a white dress shirt
Service is always slow and waiters not friendly
Café de quartier très sympa. Le must: la terasse en ete est agréable
Gordo ' s is one of my new favorites. They are always friendly and the food is good.
Very good, very busy at lunch and very affordable.
The food was great, and the prices were not bad :)
Don't waste your time.
Friendly service ,Good food ! Little $$ but very good food!
awesome food here . service very good and friendly you have to try this place.
I love this place !!great service and food is always amazing :]]]
A little pricier than I'd like, but non meat options are often times far and few. Also, the alternative to the regular bun was just plain wheat toast
No wonder the order took so long, they were burning omelet.
Love this place it great for a quick breakfast on a busy morning
Service was excellent.  Only issue is our meals were way more salty than necessary.
Yum. Yum. Yum. Great staff, great food!  Will be returning again and again!!
Lots of cardio equipment.
Their chefs walked out one day and it hasn't been the same since.
Large portions. Good food. Quick. Good salsa.
Tacos are okay.  Beans are nasty and price is pretty expensive for shitty tacos
Reminds me of Chipotle, the pork is the way to go!
Great cappuccino!  If you end up in terminal 4 in gates C11-C20 definitely stop by!
This isn't even my terminal. I went out of my way to come get a pour over!
Small portion sizes for the price.  Inefficient, slow, especially for an airport location.
Love, love, love the wings!
Live Jazz on Sundays and great set menus
Wow, this place blew my mind! We were here for my sisters 30th, food, ambience and service were all spectacular! Thoroughly enjoyed!!
Great barber and great guy. Super reasonably priced. Old school barber.
Love it!!!! Great idea for a nice relaxing hang out with friends and family!
I have volunteered for this rescue and adopted 3 dogs from them. Thanks Ohana!!
Caribbean-inspired French menu
Food and service are great!
Ambience decor still feels like a Chinese restaurant. We shall see how their traditional dishes fair.
Ceviche was delicious... Sweet corn drink also, I definitely coming back
Did not return our call.
Really amazing customer service. Highly recommend!
Really good food and customer service. Love this place
Amazing service! I felt so welcome and at home. Everyone is so friendly!
Great food and service. Spinach enchilada was awesome!
Ehhhh so so. Pretty bland for mexican food. Not impressed.
Great food and even better service.
Seen this little truck rolling round town decided to try it... pretty good.
Still on my Ragnar high!
Not bad, but very greasy Asian style food. It's a hot spot and is always busy.
Terrible customer service. Owner has no idea how to talk with people politely.
Great service and great food! Always come here for lunch special!
Very delicious food and amazing service!
Amazing the honey walnut shrimp was delicious!
Ordered my typical Kiwi Quencher, tasted perfect today!
They were very responsive and took great care of our cat who doesn't travel well.
Fresh lemonade is incredible!
Absolutely amazing. Best coffee I've ever had. And the desserts were wonderful!
Parisian hot chocolate. The best in town!I'll be back for it
Very filling at a good price
Always a good experience being adjusted by Dr. Scott Gillespie
Dr Light is the best!
Great place! Convenient and quick. I would recommend to anyone.
Can't do better the the joint it's the best
Quick fix, low price and many convenient locations including California.
Loved Barros old recipe. Sauce and crust is different.
Love it!!!! If you are a big fan of cirque du soleil!!!!!!
Love this club!! The cirque du soleil performers were the highlight of my night!
Run run run away...unless u want to donate money
Always my favorite steakhouse
Great service, atmosphere, and delicious food! Fresh perfection!
Great place to come for brunch on a lazy SundayService and food was good
Great place to come for brunch on a lazy SundayService and food was good
I run this every morning, love it.
1 star because you have to pay to get in and also to go to the upstairs
Friendly employees, snicker cake was ok. Coffee made fresh to order!
Eat upstairs, much quieter than the hectic atmosphere of everyone ordering downstairs.
Pad thai chicken is the bomb!!
Great service!Food is on point.. Flavors are so good.I love this place
My favorite Thai place in the valley. Highly recommend the Pad Thai.
Just found out about this secret treasure!  Love this studio and the staff!!!!
Legit Mexican food, tortillas look handmade and the prices are right.
Fantastic bathroom. Clean, high quality, bright, and even the soap was purple.
Decent subs.  Nothing spectacular, but good value for the price.
Smothered fries! Yummm!
Tasty, healthy, great location, creative menu & great service.
I'm a little hooked in this place
Always a pleasure going here. Friendly people. Not the fastest, but always good.
Excellent service! Sandwiches are great every time!
Great food!! The blue burger was amazing
Mycket bra mat, trevlig personal, snabbt omhändertagande!
Great customer service and amazing prices!!!!
Great food! Be careful not to order too spicy!
Excellent service-love these girls! Professional and helpful!
Very nice staff, clean and inviting
Toooo hot! I think you will be more sick by coming here :/
Love the new scratch game.. Thanks for all the goodies.
.59 fountain drinks! Can't go wrong!
Down to earth, and professional. Arauna is awesome! Can't get much better!
Poor experience and terrible service.
3 words: simply the best
10% off if you pay cash!
Excellent beef salad!!
Updated to give another star. Got the pad Thai chicken recently, and it was tasty.
Great service and price.  Got us in quickly and we will definitely be back.
Mediocre burger. Decent pierogis. Loud. Overpriced.
Best Ramen in Pittsburgh!!!
don't go here. end of story. disaster
Closed at 5:00 pm? And it's no where to be found???
Hostess has no idea what is going on, sushi did not look good; I didn't eat it.
Really appreciate when owners care about their customers. This owner does.
Best tours in town . The nicest. Crew in vegas. Strongly recommended .
New owner! Great food especially white pizza ! Yummy
Horrible  and the customer service bad as well don't waste ur time
Absolutely the best pho in Vegas!
This place is delicious! the soup is very good.
Server: HeilyMature Asian woman who actually smiles!A+
Come hungry. They also have lunch!!
Best tacos Al Pastor since Mexico City!!!
Great service I am very satisfied .
Best massage I've ever had, at a third of the price.
Most disgusting sushi ever
Whoot whoot,  got a beautiful new ring.
Always professional and great rates!
The service was good but the food was overpriced and flavorless.
Wouldn't recommend this if you're in a rush. Very slow service.
Everything is good. Everything. So refreshing!
Can't ever get enough!
Taro with boba. Best dessert ever! Need to go 24/7 cause I'm always craving it.
The most delicious thing I've ever had  kind of expensive but I think it's worth it.
Love love this place great treats and love their house milk tea with boba :)
Incredible! Immortal machine. Too many ingredients to list but the most delicious and nutritious smoothie. Also recommend the turmeric flush with a Wheatgrass pour over
Love love love my hair!
This place uses the same distributor as where I used to get Raspberry Balsamic Vinegar in Sacramento!  Superb!!!!  Best I've ever had!
The food is really delicious. Everytime I come to Vegas, I like to come here.
Great prices !!Nice people !!They have 9locations through out Vegas!
Great inexpensive wraps.  Just right sized for meal.  Fruit side is outstanding. Garlic fries are tasty if you don't mind an unhealthy indulgence.  Free flavored water out of this world.  Felt guilty how low the bill was compared to quality.
The braised pork shank is unbelievably delicious!
Great lunch specials. The soup dumplings are the best in town!
I love the grill fish，reminds me of my hometown！
Watching this seasons Hell's Kitchen and realizing that Ramsey made a mistake on the head chef who ever it is. The place is pricy and the food is not good at all. I have been to quite a few pubs and this does not serve real pub food.
Loved it. The pub chips with onion dip was fantastic as was the cheese dip with pretzel bread. My wife and I split the fish and chips and it was still more food than we could finish. Oh and the fish was battered crispy and melt in your mouth inside. Our server, Ali, was pleasant and knowledgable. He checked often and the service was fantastic all around
Terrible service, terrible food!
This place offers good English pub comforts (bangers and mash, Shepard pie, etc) but the real draw here is the casual atmosphere, good beer and fun waiters. Our waiter (my brother from another mother, Christopher) was awesome and took very good care of us. Sadly, they no longer offer complimentary bread anymore.
One of the better meals I've ever had in my life.
AMAZINGLY good!  Service was excellent.
The food and service were a-mazing. Well done Chef, well done!
Goodbye Blue Sky- Delish!
Ótimo atendimento !!!! Ambiente maravilhoso !!! Sanduíche espetacular é enorme !!!!
Professional, on time,  everything was perfect. Highly recommend.
Closed until 12/21. :(
The quiche Lorraine was so amazing.  Just rich goodness!!
The pastries were great!!
Love the atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious pastries!
Best bakery in Las Vegas!! If I could give more stars I would
I love the Chocolat croissants.
Omg!!!! Loved the pastries and service!
It's a gas station. Nothing special.
A fast food chain with healthier food than most.
Great breakfast burritos!
Great food extremely generous portions my new go to place for Mexican food.
Errrr why does there yelp not have hours there open
Awesome chicken chimichanga. Will definetly be back again.
The best fish tacos in Las Vegas! As authentic as it gets.
Great Chinese restaurant! Definitely be back again! Nice environment.
Steak was not cooked to order.  Server acted like she did not care.
This place sucks, overpriced and no flavor, its really a zero star place.
Best pizza in town.  Bar none.  Killer fresh salads.
The food is amazing.  We r regulars.  Can't get enough.
Nick is awesome!!! :D  So is Ivan!!! Best pizza around!
The staff was amazing and the food was great. Wood fires pizza is excellent.
Good and fast service pizzas were great
Great service great location.
Went and found the place closed. Sad because I was really looking forward to it.
Everything was awesome!!
Show up on a Saturday at 1030 and they're closed...
Awesome school, great environment
Lots of American made glassware and the owner is extremely patient and helpful.
There is no inside dining. Only a few tables outside. Food was great!!
Best donuts!!!!!!! Highly recommend!!!!!!
The PRICES!? Astronomical! TJ Maxx Marshall's... Buy new this place is a rip!
We had a great meal here with excellent service.  The atmosphere was very nice.
The pasta pomodoro was so good! AndThe pizza dough is to die for!!!
Had the lobster ravioli and have to say it was delicious.
They email me pictures of the work they did on my roof so I know something was really done!
Since I came to USA this was my best haircut thank you mr Tony!!
Love this place. Ask for Twin. She's amazing!
Great time. First race, well managed, fun.
Great food. Friendly service. Always good food and fast.
I am a vegetarian and I like their veggie black bean patty sandwich. I love it !!
Best fast-food sandwich place, hands down!
Awesome unbeetable smoothie and baja flatbread!
Took my wife with me to try this place that was highly recommended by a good friend. My friends recommendation was correct. Its an older building with minimum exterior beautification. The interior would remind you of a good old mom & pop restaurant. The staff are really friendly and appear to enjoy working at Letty's. My tip: Give this place a try.
Ready for another great meal! Really love the Portuguese Sizzling Shrimp!
every thing is great pro great pasta agood place for
Had the penne vodka.  It was delicious. Melon mule ain't no moscow mule.
Service was superb!! Food outstanding!! First time here, but will be back.
The eggplant was fantastic.
Great service, great food!!
Fettuccine Casanova is delicious!! Great find while walking through the Venetian!!
Great service and great food highly recommend it
First time try here, hope I can get a good experience ; )
Best mushroom ravioli I've ever had! Great service.. And fancy Italian water!!
Great little Spot to eat.  The food is very authentic.
This location is closed.
Way too much noise!cut the massage to 45 minutes when it is supposed to be 1 hour!
Amazing burgers and Amazing Cookie Dessert!!
Fantastic burger joint! Fresh products, cool staff and great vibes.
This place is worthless . office manager is brainless and incompetent.
Checking out some new grub!!
Delicious well prepared food. Excellent service.
Excellent food and very friendly servers! Top in Vegas !!
Food is delicious very nice and clean place to eat I had the spicy tuna roll
I have been many time. Never get disappointed. Always well prepared
Love the pork ear and baked tofu!!!
Will definitely come back again! Nice service nice food～好吃好吃 人都很nice我实在写不出来了 为什么不让我发
This place rocks, pork bowl is awesome!!! and service is very nice!
Very friendly. Good service. Great prices.
not bad，many choice of kishiage，miso soup should add to combo
Spicy Udon is very awesome!!!!!! The Yu-Yu special udon is awesome too!!!
It is the best restaurant that I have ever eaten at!
It is the best restaurant that I have ever eaten at!
Good kushi katsu vegas
Excellent skewers at reasonable price.
Great food at reasonable prices!!!! I highly recommend this place....
Good food and a fun experience.
Best sushi we ever had !! Real nice people and great food..
Great food at great prices. Fast service. Nice atmosphere. Wud definitely repeat.
I just had Yakiudon and deluxe pork fillet cutlet combo. They are good.
This is the worst dragon roll and udon I have ever had!
Taste good and spend little!
thank you!!! they're able to fix my water damaged iPhone 6
Super fast super friendly!!!
The New York sub was delicious!!!! And I loved that a pickle came with it
Fantastic customer service!!!
Cute place. Our first time here.
They have the best sandwich in America!The bobbie is my favorite!!!!
Not a fan of the cole slaw....
Attention tea & coffee snobs-this is the place you wanna be!!!
Chocolate cake with almonds is amazing!  Only tried one so far-but I am a fan!
A lot to choose from and all amazing!!! Favorite would be fat Elvis.
Just tried for the first time & wow check out the key lime donut! Delish!
I love the Cheesecake doughnut!
My first time here and loved my banana cream pie donut
Two thumbs up for cheesecake donut!
Umm. NOMS! That's all I've got to say!!
Friendly staff, hot food, clean!
Burgers are interesting, shakes are divine, parmesan fries are tasty, but the Caesar salad- weaksauce!
Lets see if gordons food equals his talk
It's just what I expected.
Gordon Ramsay knows how to design a restaurant
Hell's Kitchen burger=good! Euro burger= great!
Having the uber cheeseburger, truffle Parmesan cheese fries, and a hazelnut chocolate shake:)
Burgers look great but been here 22 min and still waiting for fries and the place is dead with a ton of staff. Hope the burgers are worth it
10:45am Saturday = no line. 11am (opening) = 30 people in line.
The place is good with beautiful waitresses and the food is amazing!
Burger was amazing, fries were ok. But seriously, burgers are to die for. :)
The farm burger was so good. My friend also had the euro burger which was also good.
Get here early if you want lunch...there is def a wait
No joke, huge fans of Ramsey but BurGR was a HUGE let down!
Burger was fair, fries cold. Not Ramsey quality
BEST BURGERS IN VEGAS!!!!!! I wish they would open one in Florida!
Just regular tasting burger but way too overpriced!
Chef Gordon Ramsay, This is what I call perfection. Thank you.
Great place to come to enjoy yummy burger from Mr. Ramsay ;)
Fantastic burgers and excellent customer service
Good good, very good prices. All dishes around $15. Service was great and cute!
My burger was simply delicious. Perfectly cooked and the quality was great too
Amazing!!! Best burger I had out in vegas and the drinks were awesome to
Good good, very good prices. All dishes around $15. Service was great and cute!
One great burger! Very good! I just wish the price would include a small side.
BurGr always exceeds expectations!
Awesome burger better than Bobby Flay!!!!!!!!!!!
Best poppers ever! Period
It takes 45 minutes to get in because the service sucks.
Delicious. That's all I gotta say!!!
The food was okay the service was phenomenal
Terrible service at ticket counter
Loved it and ready to go again next time we are in Vegas.
Amazing show! Best musical in Las Vegas.
So incredibly awful. Stay away. Stay away.
Great show great rock and roll worth going to see
Friday night, the jams were pumpin, and the young baristas were super friendly in this drive thru only coffee/smoothies joint. :)
I love Dutch bros and especially this particular location!!
Love this place plain and simple. Hands down always enjoyable service and drinks!
Love the coffee, teas and smoothie! Worth the wait but the music is too loud
Absolutely love this place & the people who work here.
Lots of sugar free options and the employees are always super fun and friendly!!!!
Great drinks. Excel customer service. Try the macadamia nut drink.
This place is yummy !! The staff is always so jolly and full of energy!!
The drinks are high priced, but every bit worth it.  Each is well made and delivered with individual service by the bartender.
This place is amazing from drinks to music to ambiance
Amazing atmosphere, incredible drinks, all around wonderful experience!
Very good service and very friendly postal workers
Try the fajitas chimichanga!
Live music every Friday night. Reservations only those nights!
Everything was delicious.
food is goid, however, staff friendness is the best in here. i like this place.
Small restaurant but quality pho and summer spring rolls.
Food is very good here! They are fast and super friendly too!
$19 for an over-cooked and virtually tasteless burger. The menu describes it as some type of exotic beef. I've had far better for $7.00 at Alphys in Arroyo Grande. Might have been better if the waitress - Monique - had actually cared. When I pointed it out, she huffed and said, "what would you like me to do, take it back?"
Very, very pricey. I just hope the price is consistent to the taste.
Really good for an airport. I got the mac and cheese and it was great.
Gorgeous decor, super chill music. I feel like I should be at the spa lol
Great service and great food. The spicy peanut chicken is awesome.
Awesome food great portions. Clean. Great service
the place is now closed. out of business at this location.
Lox and eggs were delish! A little disappointed in the eggs Benedict.
Very please with the fact that you can refill... Great variety of flavors..
Been to many restaurants in big cities.  One of the best!  Great wine list too!
Kind of overpriced for a thrift store especially for stuff in bad quality
Thank you T for the great Pedicure. It was fantastic.
Nice but small pool area,  drink prices don't reflect the fact that this place is not on the strip...
You can't win here.Worst paybacks in the state. Machines must be set to 0.
Very friendly also priceyThe chi tea was good also fresh donut was good
Traditional Oaxacan cuisine including: mole, quesillo and chapulines (grasshoppers) -- or, just get a burrito! ;)
Muy bueno!  Damn the salsa is hot though!  Deserts look really yummy, very moist cake, getting one to go.
Must be the tourist station. A lot of inconsiderate people
As a tenant, they are frustrating and difficult to work with.
Worst speakeasy ever!Not even a decent hotel bar.
Nice little laid back place. Menu is simple and food Is good.
Get take out, there's not much seating
WOW so good! I don't think you could go wrong ordering anything here. SO DELISH!
Back Yard Taco. Fantastic lunch
Amazing menu and super tacos!  One of our family favorites.
Best tacos in town a bit pricey but well worth it.
This place is beyond amazing, super friendly staff!
Some of the best tacos around. You can't go wrong here.
This place is the Bomb, amazing tacos and the workers there are very friendly.
The tacos are without a doubt the best. The service isn't as consistent.
Long lines are worth the wait. The food is amazing.
Fast service , great food, and excellent beer. Beeeeer. Beeeeeeeeeeeeeer
Like having a forever 21 in your back yard with ought having to visit the mall!
Vaste choix de bières de micro et les meilleurs nachos de Montreal
They have delicious food here and the service was pretty quick.
Such a awesome meal!! Service was amazing! Andrew was the best! A+!
Food was good.....until we found hair in the peach cobbler.
That's how service should be
Awesome weekend,  thanks for the wonderful service! Definitely recommend this!!
Awesome events!! Take care of you as if you're royalty!!!
Always epic. Always perfect.
Very reliable and courteous!
Thanks Chris!!! Got vip guest lists for a bunch of clubs while we were out there!
Had a great time at Tao , Chris is the best !!!!
Highly recommended for party goers... Had a lot of fun.. Thank you Chris
This guy made my 21st birthday incredible!!!!
Had a great time !!! Easy to get in and saw snoop dog !!! Thank you
Quick, easy, and accurate. Got free entry and free drinks!
Had a great time. Short line , we were even a little late and had no problems
Give this place a chance on the surface only to be shot down and talked down at by upper management and get served raw/barely cooked bloody burgers.
Very helpful and friendly staff
Top 2 Chinese in Champaign!
The waitress is suck.And the dishes tastes not so good Bad restaurant forever.
Best place to eat in the Rivers. Great food and service for a reasonable price.
Great cuban sandwich on a pretzel bun.. amazing!!!!
The service is super slow. It took the bartender 21 minutes to make 1 drink for us!!
These deviled eggs topped with bacon are to die for! Added plus got 10% off for checking in!
Italian Beef and Chicago Dogs!
Great staff. Sadly I no longer see my favorite guy Chance in the mornings.
Great service, a lot of TVs, good food. Fun place to stop and get a drink.
Awesome place. Great service.. Great menu.  Go there for lunch and love the food
Although I was not drinking, the bartender was awesome. Excellent service!
Morton's should be embarrassed.
Amazing vibe with food off the charts!
The Mille Stelle pasta with prawns is awesome!
There is no kitchen.  They have rotating food trucks.  They also have guest beers.
... they don't listen to your order.. so, they get it wrong.. you get a few huh's...
This business is closed they no longer exist thank you take off the yelp
Excellent. Des déjeuners uniques. Un menu qui sort de l'ordinaire.
20% off appetizers before 7 pm
BEST PHO IN ARIZONA!! BEST broth, all natural chicken, great crispy rolls, AWESOME happy hour. Staff is amazing (Jackson & Michelle) and owner Tom so personable!! I recommend Angelina's to any pho-aholic!!!
We love it here !! It's affordable it's authentic we will never go anywhere else
So-so food and pretty overpriced. Pretty underwhelming after 3-4 visits.
Amazing, quality service!!!!! They went over and beyond my expectations !
Clean, friendly, and cute! The buffalo chicken wrap is TO DIE FOR!
Amazing food and juices but super sloooow service- especially in the morning.
Love this place! Healthy meals that taste amazing!!
So good, perfect morning boost !! Fast and good !! Service is always pleasant
Great food. Great service. I just wish they had more of these around phx.
Looove this place! Food is great, service is great.
I love coming here for their green juice and papaya bowl!
Always a good meal here! Shrimp bowl is my favorite!
Good! Family friendly!
Starting with drinks and then apps and entrees, everything was scrumptious!!!!!
So good. But closed on saturdays???? Wtf
This place is amazing!!! Would definitely go back
Not impressed, not a lot of options, food was bland and over priced
the turkey avocado is unreal!!!!! i could eat it everyday
They stop serving breakfast at 11am.
If a $20 plus tip martini is your idea of a good time, this is your place.
Good for what it is. A refreshing taste of unprocessed food in Vegas
Authentic Taiwanese sandwiches! Try Peking duck and pork buns!
The staff is nice and the food is good.
Stay away from the tofu!!! Inedible!!!
great food! authentic, awesome bar and patio
Very poor food. Not at all authentic food.
Love the authenticity and the service is great.
Moonshine cocktails are perfect for cooling off after spicy mac, buffalo chips or southwest burger. Love the cherry limeade
They deliver quickly a have good food.
Just plain good... Great food and service and you can't get better than that.
Outstanding staff very friendly I would give them 100 stars if I could
Slowest place ever!!! It should not take over 10 min to get my food!!!! Ridiculous!!!!!
Fresh ingredients, nice service!
Delicious and fresh crepes! Hit the spot!!
Yummy, fresh and great service!
They did a great job and were very friendly.  What else is there to say.
Good bread cool service!
Great taco shop excellent customer service ;-)
Really good sandwich and a tasty cup of hot chocolate
Huge onion rings and crispy zucchini.  Very good food.
And again.... 30 min wait. This is a shame....
I love Relaxing Nails. Great service and very nice people.
Worst customer service ever.
Great food and service!  Little pricey, but unique, tasty dishes.
Great service, great quality food.
Really fresh food and friendly staff :)
Amazing Chinese food!
Nice service and good lunch specials!
Great cut, clean place, good price and awesome barber.
A little light on the toppings when you order by the slice.
This place sucked when it was open. It looks like it closed down now. Good riddance
Really nice place, menu is great!
Hookah...laid back, good music and nice atmosphere
Truly enjoyed my meal and very nice staff!
Absolutely love this place!
The Veggie Bowl is the way to go.
Awesome food!  A great find!
I just love this place. It's healthy and delicious
What a deal!!!! So flavorful and affordable!! Definitely going to return!!
Absolutely fantastic! Had the Pizette and Meg had the pork bowl. Yum!
Overpriced Icky Not New York pizza. Made my tummy hurt.
I come here all the time pizza amazing and chicken fingers are top knotch
Looooooove the burritos with potatoes! Get a Mexican coke!
Great drinks! Nice crowd! Half hookah on Thursdays!!! NICE!!!!!
Inexpensive excellent filling
The place is nice but extremely noisy. Service is good & th plates are pretty full.
No green sauce, first strike.
Quick and very professional.
Set up an "appointment" and still waiting an hour and a half after that time.
Going to the carwash. Yeah.
Ernie is straight shooter! Great service, and fast! Definitely coming back!
This burgers are full of fat and byproducts.
Great food. Great hookah. AwesomeService.
I love this place! Great food and ambiance, not too expensive. Great service!
Our server, Guy, was excellent. Burger and shawarma was very good...
Good food Good music Good service All goooodddddddd.........I love it....
Best chicken shawarma in town!!
Great place. Great food. Great people ...
Make sure you know what you want before getting in line.
This place has the best Italian beef sandwich I've ever had!!!
One tip - when you order, hang close to the pick up counter, they DO NOT call order numbers in exact order & it's quite boisterous in there, so you can miss your number (which on the first visit, we did & I'm pretty sure someone took our order).  They quickly made it for us again, but lesson learned, the 2nd time, I stayed close & made sure to grab our order as soon as it came up!
Love This place sooooo much!!!!! Best Italian Beefs!!!
Amazing Italian beef sandwich..get the hot peppers.....they do  good job.
Genuine Chicago style hot dog.
The beef and cheddar croissant is calling my name
Tammy at Divas and Dudes Too is awesome!
My kids love this place. The size small is more like 64oz. HUGE PORTIONS
Like to eat here. Spicy and delicious. Will recommend to my friend
Great bartenders.   Tight machines.  Players benefits going downhill.
Belle ambiance, bouffe #1 danceuse de paladie incroyable
Phil is the best! I spent the day investigating tire prices and Discount beat them all!
The service is slow, pizza is ok. I will say their burgers are really good.
Great staff , good food, very accommodating staff quick service
Wonderful spot for a date with your sweetie! Very friendly staff!
First time here my daughter is getting a new hair do
Try their triple shot expresso with a splash of soy milk!
As always clean, lots of smiles.  Fast and great customer service!
Clean, nice staff. $0.79 for a dink :-)
Easy and convenient. Fast and friendly
Excellent food & helpful/friendly service. Definite recommendation!
The food is pretty good, but honestly feels like your a burden to the staff.
The best.  Simply fantastic.  Definitely going back.
Great food, great service. Defiantly worth trying. I loved the Swedish meatballs...
Highly recommended! You won't be disappointed.
Super friendly owner, and waitress, ah-may-zing food, will definitely come back...
I had a terrible experience. Would not recommend them at all.
Good food and great service
Amazing hand down my favorite place to enjoy a great meal!!!
Beef shoulder. Beef shoulder. Beef shoulder.
Lauren was our waitress she was fabulous!! The food was fabulous  we will be back!
Great Sunday Brunch, you gotta check this out!
Delicious...way better than a subway!
Best frozen yogurt around! Lots of great flavors and toppings.
Great burgers and shakes.
AMAZING! Great fries and tacos!
Delicious fries, burgers and chicken tacos!
Food and service is awesome!
Better than chipotle!
This is by far the most edible burger in the Tatum/Shea area.  The fries are great, but one thing stands out:  the people are happy and nice!!!  Nice burger people, how's that for an oxymoron ;). Oh and they have Coca Cola's freestyle machine too (infinite soda mixtures).
Great Food, cool spot, great coffee... What else do you need?
Such a great breakfast!!
One of those places where "nobody goes there anymore" because "it's too busy". Classic.
Awesome place!  Close to the airport.
Some of the best bacon hands down
Absolutely delicious breakfast!!
Killer breakfast spot - great food - great people
Best breakfast I've ever had in my life!!!!!
Always the best! Love Matts Big Breakfast!
Great waffle. Great bacon  great hash browns.  This works for me
Great company. Amazing work . Great communication. Great prices.
Awesome place! Great tasting food at great prices. Will definitely recommend this place. This is the only place I have had that tastes just like my moms!
The best corn I've ever had in my life. His wife even makes her own chili powder!
Not too friendly but quick and to the point. Who needs a friendly locksmith anyways?
Great food!!!... Yummy
Great people.  Great service.  Derek is super sexy!!
There is a good reason for the 5 stars review. It is just awesome
Outdoor seating & BYOB.
Fantastic, fresh, awesome.
Hands down the best steak sandwich I've ever eaten and I travel coast to coast
Great food!  Worth stopping by!
Truly incredible food.
Superb! Everything I tried was excellent. Will return again and again!
This my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
My back feels great. Thank you Dr. Stacy. You did an amazing job.
The new owners are definitely doing something right because the food here is BOMBBB.
Great place for our shipping needs ! Friendly staff  in and out quickly
Fantastic burgers!!! I'd come back for sure!
Best lunch special in town. Pitchers of beer great deal also.
Eric and his staff at Midas are a class act.  Honest, respectable, competent.
If you forget your toiletry essentials, you can get them here.
Vegan, gf & raw! So excited!
This place has great vegan options for food and drinks. It's good quality, healthy, and tasty!
One of my favorite health food places in Vegas real food real tasty!!
BBQ chicken pizza on lavash is the way to go
I Love Greens and Proteins. The wellness drink is the best!
Place was perfect and decently priced. I'm going to go back for sure.
Very tasty and genuine Chinese food, love the spicy & sour noodles!
Amazing food and drink specials!
Yum!!!  Ask for Gabby!!  Excellent!!! All the way around!!!
The 18 ounce Bone In Filet in phenomenal!
A1 dining experience from start to finish.
Leaps & bonds BETTER than Oscar's!!!
One of the best meals I've ever had.
Great ribeye steak and escargot!
Try to find deals online or coupons in the mail!
This place is great! (: good people, good vibe, good drinks.
Nice ambiance to relax with kids n drink some tea..
Friendly, fast, and delicious food!!
This shit is funny as hell!
Very cute place!!  Went for brunch on a Saturday. French toast is delicious!
Food is good,but service is sooooo slow! Come if your not in a hurry!
Love this place. Get my nails, pedi and eyebrows done there. Lana is a doll. Pretty salon very girly just completely love it!
Much smaller than the Rose Tea Cafe
The only barber shop that I could find open @ 4pm on a Sunday.
5 stars isn't enough. Exclusive. So exclusive.
Cheap, huge burritos. Enough said!A little less Americanized than Del Taco.
5 star's. Because Donuts!...also Coffee!
The service at this particular location is absolutely horrible. Won't be back!!!
Go to buffalo wild wings.  It is right across the street.
Fast & efficient service. Employees are very amiable and prices are reasonable.
Yummy Hot Turkey and Rotisserie Chicken to go. Quick meals prepared for those who have busy lives on the go.
Third trip here product out.  Been to 4 different sprouts.
Not really Korean food! The food is so so!
Great food and service!
Highly recommend the flat iron garlic beef. So juicy. I love the dipping sauces
Seafood tofu soup is great, highly recommend. Oyster is pretty fresh.
Very good food! Great service!
Best Korean BBQ in Vegas hands down!
The food is very good! We would definitely comeback. Their lunch special is amazing!
Delicious, great service, and a sweet environment! Vacation perfect
Best Korean BBQ I had a very long time. Must try it when in Vegas!
yummy！bbq warmed me up！the best korean food i have ever tasted in us！
Awesome food!!! Its amazing! I love love the happy hour! The hours are great cuz i could still eat after work!!!
Great food, great service! We ordered the gangnan combo, satisfied about the quality and taste.
So so good. All the meat was tender and delicious!
It was good and delicious good place to dinner for two or more.
Everything was good....
Amazing Korean BBQ! Meat was so tender!
Food is delicious, fun atmosphere!
Best korean BBQ I've ever had in Vegas.
Awesome flavor and very spicy!! Always a good meal here.
It is really good!!! The combo is enough for four girls. And the barbecue is good!
Amazing fun and a very nice atmosphere. Enjoyed the food and staff was excellent :)
Love this place!! Great atmosphere, good drinks, and good service
Good food, quality meats.
Great place! Food was delicious and great service!
Delicious food. Great service and great value. I am very full. Very good.
Meat quality was good. Good soju cocktail choices.
Very delicious . And very good happy hour. Staff are very nice and attentive.
The food is great! I liked the side dishes and the meat is very good quality
Great food and service! For sure coming back next time I'm in town!
Great customer service awesome meat ! Went here with a friend and we had a blast (:
Great food! Excellent customer service!
First time here. The food was good! I would recommend it to others.
I like free desert. It is very nice.
Nice style for decoration. Nice serves.  But all source is all sweet.
highly recommend this restutant because of the nice service，I love the miso soup.
Great food. Meat is great quality.Clean.FriendlyPrice is $$
Meat quality is good, also the service! Highly recommended :)
good place to have a late dinner. fresh food and nice stuff. good to try.
Love the food. This place is open late. The payout is very nice.
delicious! food is great and service is even better
Great food. Great service
The service is pretty good.
Great happy hour quality and prices!!So cheap but still really good food
Good food with good service. Recommended to all Korean BBQ lovers.
Great food great people definitely a place to go
Really good vegetarian kimchi bibimbap. Good service and happy hour prices too.
Great food and environment!
Good food!!! Servers are nice! I reccomend the pork belly
Food was good, but service was reaaallllllly bad.
The spicy tuna kimbab is a must try!
The service was good! The food was also good!
在yeip上搜索的这家，个人感觉比较好吃，套餐量大根本吃不完。PS:好评送甜点。6个人点了6人套餐，根本吃不完。小菜很好吃！送的冰淇淋很好吃！
So good suggest you get the premade combinations. They have so much good food!
Great traditional Korean bbq Kimchi Gigae was awesome!
Great kabli, amazing steak. Fresh cold beer and free dessert with a  yelp review!
Great food and an awesome atmosphere!
Seaweed salad was amazing along with the cuts of meat. Lovely find
Very good value and good tasting food!
Awesome food and drinks
I try a lot of things： Yummy！ tastes good！
Nice experience..if you don't like spicy ask for assistance choosing your dishes
Great food great customer service
Food was great , fast service.
Super delicious and affordable! I will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas.
Great food and service. Staff was helpful with recommendations with what to order.
Wonderful experience! Still my favorite Korean BBQ!
Good service and good food!Nice owner and especially quality meat is very good.
Lots of meat in the combos! Delicious. Andrew did a great job... Excellent service.
I rarely eat korean bbq but this place does not disappoint.
Food was great! Awesome happy hour was incredibly good and affordable!
The dipping sauces for the grilled meat were great! Highly recommend the happy hour.
i love this place. the price is good and as well as the food.
Best korean bbq in vegas!Good service!Good interior!Good food!
Good value and surprisingly good service for a Korean restaurant
It is really delicious!! This place is the best Korean BBQ in Vegas!!
Great service. Excellent food. Huge selection. Suggest making reservations....
Great service! They stayed open late for a large group!
The steamed egg is amazing, so fluffy!!
Delicious food, quick service. Great experience.
It was great.... more to come
Shit was bomb ! Gangnam style ! Ahakanauabauahausvajabajaga
Great Korean BBQ dinner. Great service. Really liked the bulgogi.
Delicious food~~Recommend Gangnam! Pretty good~:)
Awesome food! Great service!
Great food. Great service
Great food for the happy hour special would eat again
Awesome kbbq!Must try the Korean Style Kalbi :)
Nice place! Tasty and authentic Korean BBQ! Must try pork belly!
Very good food and service. Got the gangnam bbq dish and were very satisfied.
Food was good the atmosphere is nice, service is ok
The beef is tender and delicious. One of the best  i had.
Best Korean restaurant that I had in Vegas. Definitely come back for the meats!
Food is really good!! My first time at Korean BBQ and it was amazing.
Delishasly Bomb!!!! I would go here all the time even the free desert was good :) great service and a guy looks like jay park in here! So don't miss out girls. Enjoy the food!!!
Awesome ! quality of the meats are very good.  Great service too and friendly staff.
Delicious! All the food was amazing and very filling!
Luv the soup and dishes are so tasty , wanna try there BBQ next time:))
Wow great service and food.
Very delicious food and wonderful service.
Friendly servers and great food!Free dessert if you write a review! ^_^
Delicious beef toro and dynamite shrimp
Great menu, fresh meat and bbq seafood choices!
Bacon wrapped scallops were everything!
This place is so good. Great food, fair price, and good ambience. Highly recommend.
Its so good. Staffs very nice and wonderful services. Will come back.
It was really great. Great food and a great price.
Great service, great food! A must place to come.
We shares the gangnam #1 between 3 ppl and it was really good
Amazing food and great service
午餐特供非常适合，可以点三个餐组成套餐。住在hard rock一定不能错过。
Wear your stretchy pants guys ;) you're gunna need em. Too much good stuff to try!
Great quality and quick and friendly staff!
No. 1 Must Try Asian BBQ in Vegas!!!
Great food and service!! Definitely will be back next time we're in Vegas!
You get a real bang for your buck, and everything is absolutely delicious.
Very good service , good food and good Korean style I luv it!
Simply best Korean Bbq in town will come again
Great service and great food!
Great place for Korean BBQ
Awesome food and experience!
Amazing!!! Such a great value! The pork belly was killaz (aka life changing).
Meat Lover platter, The best!!!!!
I've eaten Korean all over the world, literally, and this is one of the best!!!
I  Korean BBQ! & this is one of the best in LV!
Walking distance from hotel. Kids had their fill. Mission accomplished.
Best Korean food in Vegas! Loved the Bbq and soup! Highly recommended !
David was amazing. The food was great.  Everything in this place is incredible.
Great food! Great place!
Phenomenal Korean BBQ. Came for the food, stayed for the friendship.
So good!!! Would definitely come back :) Korean chicken was tasty and a great price.
Great food and service. Close to Campus and strip.
First time at this place at Vegas . Food are nice great services at this place
Great food and service! Sides are fantastic!
great service! food is awesome!
Great food for great prices !
Fast and friendly service, but more importantly... DELICIOUS!
Best cook your own meats in the city
Quality beef, well marinated.  the bimbimpop is a must try.
OMG the best ever..Better than tofu hut hands down.Delish. ..
The best Korean Food is in Vegas! No doubt!
When you're feeling Korean bbq this is where you go
Great food, nice atmosphere, chili dumplings and beef carpaccio are the best!!
Fresh and traditional ingredients with excellent service.  Great experience!
Food is great ! The service was perfect!!! Christin was the best !!
Delicious food and a lot of it for the money. Service is great!  Worth a try.
Great place! Delicious food. Staff was really nice.
Fast and attentive service. Food was excellent for the price! Come for happy hour
Great food! Excellent service! !!
Perfect stop on the way to a red eye flight
Sukiyaki is da bomb dot com!
The food is great . BBQ is a nice try. Close to the strip. Recommend.
great food! nice ambience! and the service is awesome
Food is good! Will come back again! I will recommend this to others.
Great Korean BBQ, I'm from New Mexico and we have nothing close to this!
Food are very delicious and big portion. Willing to come again...
Awesome.  Will be back. Got the Gangnam dinner and it was amazing. Service was fast.
Everything taste so good! very friendly staff!
Ordered harami and Korean kalbi.  Both were amazing, highly recommended.
Super delicious. Like the service food is excellent
first time here and it was delicious!!
Service and food was fantastic!!!!
Great korean bbq restaurant.
The best Asian barbecue in Las Vegas
Great!! Food, Great Service!!!  Will definitely come again.
Best experience of 2015 felt like I was in a amine. Parking sucks though.
Food was good and moderately priced! Would definitely come again!
Excellent customer service! Great food!
excellent Korean food, service was great, my husband and i loved it!!!
Food was delicious! Best KBBQ in town!
Awesome food and great service! Plenty of food in the portions
Their side dishes are amazing :)
It is a awesome place!If you like the meat, you will have fabulous time here!
The food was amazing! Really nice lunch special that will leave you full!
The food was great, and the lunch special is a great value!
The server and the food is awesome I had an awesome time
The ramen here is delicious and the atmosphere is good. Really enjoy eating here
Good taste nice stuff good location
Very good Restaurants!!!!!!! Must come eat when u come Vegas!!!!!!!!
Great food, good taste. Gangnam set is enough for 2 people. Service is ok.
excellent service and food. the price is affordable. i like the mv displayed here.
i love the food here. The meat is very fresh and delicious, and they serve us a lot.
great food, great price, great service :)
Great food. Fantastic happy hour and nice atmosphere
Very good food and service!
Good food, nice place
Excellent place especially for late night value, go for happy hour apps
One of the best kbbq around! Korean prime Kalbi was amazing!!
Tasty Korean bbq, Food and taste is exactly what I want!
Looks so great , love it so much , must try this
Meat on meats!! A great experience here.
Great BBQ experience! Recommend steak!
Absolutely the best Korean bbq in town. Nice food low price and many choices!
It is really tasty Korean bbq in Las Vegas. Happy thanks giving
Food was great but they need more servers... especially during busy hours.
Way good it's not too expensive! Meat is good
Food is good and high quality.
The BBQ here is really really great!!
Good food, good service, clean facility, and no long wait!
This restaurant is clean and the meat is fresh
Great food and it was fun to cook it.  Definitely try the Korean Prime Kalbi.
Best I've had in town
Super amazing food and it is great
We did it up gangnam style!! Thanks so much for the awesome service!!
This place has an unbelievable happy hour for food and drinks.
I was in for a quick lunch.  Food is great!
good taste and a lot of choice for meat meat
Very great food!! Great service! Fun environment!
Yum!!   Really good bbq. Great  service and  reasonable  prices!  Coming back!
Amazing BBQ! Fresh and fast service!
Best Korean food in Vegas!Awesome friendly service!Will always come back!
Chicken karaage & bulgogi bimbap BOMB!!!
Food was great and the atmosphere was upbeat! Highly recommend.
Great food and experience. Would definitely recommend it.
This korean restaurant was AHMazing. Best kk bbq in vegas
Always a pleasure when I come here! :) love to come very often.
The food was awesome and the selection of side dishes was great! Best meal in Vegas!
Very authentic and delicious Korean cuisine, the kimchi pancake is a must-try!
Good food with good variety to choose from!  Definitely would come back here again!
First time trying Korean & I'm glad this was the spot. UFC 194 and bomb Korean bbq!
Best Korean barbecue place in Vegas! Bulgogi beef is a must to order
Best Korean BBQ in Vegas! Beautiful decor and great food :) Love it here!
Best BBQ ever! Try the gangnam set!!!Great night with the family
Highly recommended. Good food, reasonbly priced. Will totally come back here again!!
Excellent quality and experience. Great atmosphere and a variety of side dishes!!
Great food! Love the kimchi bibimbap!
Amazing food and service! No wait and everything was so very tasteful!!
Good food. Great service! We walked in and they served us in minutes.
This is the best Korean BBQ in Vegas!!!!!!!
Amazing experiences with the bulgogi. The taste was fabulous.
Very good meat. Reasonable price and good service! Very close to the strip too.
After taking our order, we waited for more than 30 minutes. The food is fine.
Good service and environment. Food is great and price is reliable. Must try!!!
Best bbq in town!!! Highly recommended....
Best restaurant in Las VegasGreat serviceGreat food
Food was delicious. Fuhhhhhh
Best kbbq restaurant I've been to so far. Try all the favorites, they're worth it!
Good meat. Long queue. Free dessert
Food is delicious. Portion for 2 is enough for 4 person
Everything was bomb!!!! All the beef was tender and awesome! Service was great!
deliiiiiiiiiiiiiiicious！Best Korean restaurant I had in Las Vegas.
Food was awesome, but some servers' friendliness can be improved.
Food was great. Great prices. Good location.
Nice and authentic BBQ, good price, good service!
Great place to go with friends
WOW!! Absolutely amazing. Bar none this place is outstanding.
Amazing food and service! Pricy but worth the price for the taste and service.
good but not amazing. black cod was the best dish during the omakase course
Food was very fresh and service was great!
Brought out courses backwards. Food was ok.
Excellent pizza!  Best I've had in AZ!
I am going to see Godzilla hope it's great
Best theater in vegas, just have to sneak in ur four loco's lol
Always a decent movie going experience.
What can I say. It's movies as usual.
Awesome theater at a great location.
These are my guys. Honest, hard working and super professional.
$7 for a large orange juice. Ummmm...what?
I love dancing here and cannot imagine learning anywhere else!
Winter white Cosmo and black cherry guava mojito! Yummy
Everything was so delicious.  Will definitely be coming back.
Great grilled Chilean Sea Bass with mango salsa!
Awsm  food  great  deals need to  come  see  us
They have the BEST sausage
Wonderful service and great selection of food and smoothies!
A must try!  Yummy, friendly and affordable.
Excellent food and cold beer. Nice overall environment
Good food, consistently horrible service.
Le burger poisson ! Un délice ! Pas de poisson pané, seulement un filet bien assaisonné et totalement décadent !!
Pretty expensive........
Great sushi. Fish very fresh and tasty. Nice little restaurant in Arcadia.
Fun and relaxed bar with great service!
It was okay ... Nothing impressive. Not worth the $$
Came here looking for vape products. Helpful staff for inexperienced shoppers.
Best Mexican in Charlotte.
Wow you have to see this place to believe it
Dont mind the wait...its worth it
Coffee watered down.  Salad was lettuce with some lemon on it.
Get here early. The place fills up quickly.
Secret life of Walter Mitty is the best movie of 2013
Great clean little place, this is now my go to for Mexican food.
All about perfect shaping, waxing, plucking, tinting... Without looking like a drag queen. Stacey is professional, precise, and provides incomparable customer service! Highly recommend The Wax Genie for all your waxing and manscaping needs.
Love love I will be going back again
I been at this place  and the service its great . The food  its tasty
Awesome food and service ....nice small bar where everyone knows your name hahaha
Patio was nice. Service was very quick. Quesadillas were good, daughter gave chicken fingers a 6/10 (she is a cranky teenager), wife gave wings 9/10. We will back but I hope they add a craft brew to the tap.
Live the 7 pepper steak salad. Has a good kick to it. Tomato basil soup is good too but has to many croutons
Great food at a good price... And we are regulars
My favorite!!   Always fresh.  Mom and I love it.   I  go there every month.
Menu is extensive, self serve salsa bar. Really clean.
I would give a zero if I could. Whoever does scheduling is completely rude
I absolutely recommend KMJ. Great personalized service.
Good family dining and friendly service. Fresh food. Excellent breakfast.
Worst check in process. Just shitty service.
If you are seating in the 200's AA seats, there are bars on the ends of the stairways that obstruct your view for those seating on the end seats.
Great TVs cold beer outstanding service. Try the pot roast-best thing on the menu.
Here with good friends. Awesome twin peaks server Kimberly.
Fresh food! Great service! Lively atmosphere!  Would def recommend :)
Service was courteous, but slow. Food was really impressive.
Hidden gem, this is a great little sushi place. Good price good quality.
Good meal. Didn't expect this level of Chinese food in Pittsburgh.
Dr. Susan Obagi is here.
Stopped in instead of fighting 5pm traffic.  Nice place and happy hour specials makes it very happy
Great service to the lovely bartender in the polka dot shirt!
Great tacos. Best I've had in awhile!
Milk Shake Mondays!  $2 all day
This place is great. The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly.
Great menu. Awesome food. Place was packed and had a wait for good reason!
Awesome place! Wonderful food n Great staff! Service is fantastic!
Best pancakes. Real food, organic and locally grown. Great staff.
Deep fried French toast. Nothing more need be said.
Great place for breakfast, very cozy and retro.
Great service was great and the food was good.
Great food awesome french toast tasty food coffee simply awesome
Great Experience. Wonderfull staff and efficient. Food also tastes very good!
The Caronaritas are amazing!!!
Great friendly customer service and quality food
Really delicious chicken fajitas. Always always come here.. Recommend to everyone .
Good service good fajitas
This place is alright, not a big deal, I had better Mexican food...
Amazing staff. Happy Hour is a bonus. Love the environment. Definitely recommended.
Excellent service and such yummy food! We will be back for sure!
Better than the other clubs with true meal service.
By far my favorite lounge in the U.S. Thanks American Express!
The farro salad is outstanding (and I'm not a farro salad guy)
Platinum status gets you in.
Quite, free booze, comfy seating, only way to travel
Amazing place puts all others to shame!  Awesome food buffet that is 5 star quality!
Want fruits (bananas and the like)? They're legit New York prices at $1.75 a pop! Yikes.
Kids eat FREE everyday!!!
Food was okay, unfortunately the service is the worst.
Excellent food and excellent friendly service!
Showed up for breakfast at 615 left at 625 with no service.
Lousy thanksgiving dinner ever!!
Absolutely the best restaurant! !! Try the caramel pork chop & lobster..
Great beer, great food, great atmosphere.
We'll be back. Good selection of beer, large portions of food and live music.
Best chicken in town hands down go try for yourself
Love the Reuben with the side salad! The bomb!!! Crave it all the time!!
This place sucks I was the bar for 30 mins and got no service
Clean, clean, clean. Nice staff, great selection. Worth the visit.
Great little place for fresh food that leave you feeling great
Smoothies, juices, breakfast, great salads...Rachel's is the spot!
Great sandwiches and now they have same sandwiches wrapped in lettuce!! Fantastic! !
The best cupcakes in town!!!  Always fresh and delicious.
Good food good atmosphere good service.
Nice atmosphere and had the veggie taco & chicken taco...quite yummy!
Friendly staff, nice patio (except for smokers), decent beer and great street tacos.
Don't bother with guestlist if you're trying to see a big headliner, just buy presale so you don't wait for hours just to get in!
The ling ling room is amazing!
Love love love this place! The security team is awesome! Ten stars!
Buy your tickets a few hours before the movie.... Theaters are small and sell out easily. Note... It's assigned seating so buying early will help get you a better seat.
You can't use Galaxy Gift Cards to buy tickets online. Seems to be a severe disconnect here. When I called to question this, the girl that answered was not very sympathetic. Her reply was that I could come down and buy the tickets in person. This seems ridiculous since all the movies I ever want to see sell out hours before showtime. This is not convenient. I would never buy someone a gift card, or ask to receive one as a gift. Its a waste.
Best Theater ever! Recliners! Beer! Wine! Enough said.
By far the best! Hard going back to the traditional theater for sure
Beautiful place and no one does lashes like Tamara! Love this place!!!
Pretty good!!   Good sushi and good service.   Have been there several times.
Great food and service!
Cool music on my trip
First time here. Enjoying the La Crescent Saison.
Lots of different styles of beer and fun service. A great place for beer lovers.
Excellent food and attentive staff.  Good drinks selection and overall value.
Go early to avoid the rush!
Nikki was amazing! My pedi looks good and sparkly!
Came in for mani and pedi.. Dominic you are awesome!!
Cierra did a great job applying my silver gel nails.
Worst manicure ever!!!! Expensive and does not worth the pay!
Good pizza prompt delivery.
We had a great meal and great service!
Great surprise in the hood , no more driving to Scottsdale
This place is getting worse in service and taste.
They always have tasty food! Great stop before a long travel day!
Shitty food, not very good service. Never return.
Great food! ESP bar b qWe had 4 sandwiches and the smashed garlic Parmesan potatoes Really well done
Don't waste your time, unless you just want to do a 'quickie' self wash.
Love this place, a little taste of home.....
Great service.   Good food. They have the best chocolate martinis around!
The best! I've lived all over!
Great service. Rueben is the dude.
Boris and staff are fantastic! Quality haircuts for an awesome price.
Boris and the crew are great !
Best haircut in az. No more needs to be said.
Kittens and cats for adoption here. Come see them if you have a good home to offer.
Having a great time at eclipse. The new renovations pop out.
Bartenders suck. Never going back.
Heck yeah! Food trucks galore!
very nice! they do a really good job and provide nice long pedicures.  I love Lin! she's has good conversation that sometimes gets all the ladies involved in a fun time while getting pampered. Thank you!
For a tea lover this is EXACTLY what Pittsburgh needed! A tea paradise with over 100 different selections.
First visit!  Hoping to find lunch!
Lana is GREAT!  Prompt, detailed and warm!
It wasn't all that great....food didn't taste like it had flavor and maybe it's because it was late but my friends chicken taco didn't even taste like chicken
Absolutely love this restaurant!!! The food is fantastic and so yummy!!!
Love their beek shawarma rice bowls!
filet was over cooked and wasn't worth the $$$$ price.  No Thanks...
Great store...Mark was just rude!!!
Disgusting!!! I don't recommend this place at all!! Save your money and go to an all you can eat sushi bar
Good price on happy hour. The foods are taster too.
Highly recommend their Double Down Salmon roll.
Get a LVH players card and you might get free tickets!!
OMGOSH I am in love with this show!
This show was uh-maxing!!!!!!! What a show!!!!! You will NOT be disappointed!
Great place this was my third time here and sal was great as always
Mediocre at best. Food was ok, service was ok, but nothing special.
Good neighborhood quite and peaceful plus great security management. .
Checked out there storage area , couldn't use anything this time but defiantly will in the future... They have lots of stuff and were really helpfull!!!
First time getting b12 shot . Super nice welcome from employees
Great service, great atmosphere
located inside the LBGTQ center, best vegan salad we had on our road trip, amazing!
Awesome food and awesome service! New lunch spot :)
Just get 'David's Special' and all will be well in the world.
The bizness David's special is amazing!
Bland fish, bland rice. Nothing was terrible but nothing to write home about either.
Our new favorite ramen spot.  We love the pork broth and chasu.
Vegan Ramen! Would like to see a fried tofu option! The base was excellent!
This ramen changed my life. And it's changing others.
Everything was great, but my sausage on my sandwich was really big.  :)
Great food and quality ingridents friendly service and reasonably priced !!!
They have disco fries. Do I need to say more? Great, super brunch!!!
Great place for Sunday brunch!! Love the pancakes!!!
Just grabbed drinks here but a cool place. Very cool drinks
Always come here for breakfast
Long wait, burnt food.  We won't be back.
Great homemade pasta and ambiance. I highly recommend. Try the Chili Shrimp
Jason is a great bartender! The best ever. He's awesomeness :)!!!!
Food was tasty... but I felt everything is over priced, unfortunately.
Delicious food. Great service. Awesome service. I highly recommend EVO!
I must say the food was great ! Can't say much for the waitress .
NickI'm coming in to visit you before heading home to San Francisco!
Outstanding cardiologist. Incredibly talented, kind and knowledgable.
Food was excellent. Fresh. Great service. Nice to see some awesome food on our stay.
Ask for server Michael. He is polite and can suggest specialties.
Service was phenomenal!  Food was delicious! Great experienced! Thank you!
Boozey deliciousness! Pillow talk cocktail is awesome: absolute apple, strawberries.
First impressions: love the decor, the happy hour is a pretty good deal, and the music and art is awesome :)
The decor is gorgeous, beer menu solid, but they're a little low on vegetarian menu options. The staff are pretty fantastic.
Great place, nice bar maid, and great garbage fries for Breakfast
Best fast food hamburger ever made. No contest.  Fries are crispy and delicious
Completely useless. Waste of $40...
2 day complimentary tickets!!!
Best pupusas in Phoenix.
Awful. Microwaved. Throwing in the trash.
Extremely friendly place. There's a passion for what they do which is hard to find.
Best place to get a new hairstyle!
Great food, great service, great restaurant....
absolutely amazing each and every visit. the food is amazing as well as the service.
Another great lunch experience at SOLO.
Great ambiance, amazing food and good selection of wine and beer.
Ladies Range Day on Thursdays! $10 for range fee for ladies. :)
Dope food. Great fun and chill vibes. Will be back!
Best Sushi in Montreal! The food, the atmosphere.. Phenominal!
The noodles. You guys.  These noodles. Insane.
Awesome noodles every time we come to eat, and I love the chashu buns!
Best ramen place in town. They have great customer service too.
Love this place to death!
Delightfully yummy, leaving with a full tummy.
Love this place.  Friendly staff great food.
This place rocks....great drinks fun staff!!!!
Best Chinese food in town!  A different kind of place but well worth the visit.
They take great care of East Madison Toyota. Always prompt and friendly.
Good food nice atmosphere and good service.
Burgers seemed right out of a frozen box! Waited 30 minutes for 2 burgers.
Excellent Pho! Highly recommend.
Pho is delicious!!! The fried rice is HELLA BOMB!!!!!
Great food, good service, inexpensive. Cool little place
Food was amazing! Had the shrimp & chips and my daughter had the kids fish & chips.  This place has great staff, it's very clean (even smells like Hawaii!), and the food was great!
Love this place. I cannot get enough of it!
Try the Mahi Mahi burger with blackened seasoning!
This place is clean simple and has Awesome fish tacos !!!!
Some of the best seafood in town. Good customer service and quick in and out.
Delicious fish tacos and great service!
One of my favorite fish taco places! The staff is very friendly too!
Best fish in Scottsdale.  Great atmosphere friendly staff.  Always good.
Soo amazing!  I love their fish tacos. .. the best !
Service was fantastic! Fish tacos were delicious... Felt like I was in Hawaii.
Fun atmosphere.   The staff was OUTSTANDING!    Food was excellent.
Good food, good service. Had lunch there twice, one take out. We will go back.
Best Vietnamese food in town everyone should go!!!
Awesome food and awesome service so happy I found this place!!!
It is easy to miss this place - it's not signed well and blends in with a dull, tan strip mall that looks deserted. However, give this place a shot! 5 stars!
Excellent food and service.
Friendly staff and took care of what we needed. Will be back!
No knowledge about juice blends or anything really.
This subway is amazing
Found hair in my sub. We're professional about it and refunded me.
So bad- go somewhere else.
I love Yo&I, it's my favorite boba place in the world!
Omg totally amaze - balls!
Wow.. What a great job !!... A very very good job... Highly recommend!
Great place to go before Diamondbacks games, not a lot going on afterwards
Very poor service.  Food was just ok.
My only recommended eye doctor!
Make sure you ask about the coupons before you order
The cole slaw is in-flipping- believable!!!
Great customer service! There new lunch special is amazing and so feeling!
Great staff! Friendly people, great specials everyweek.
Great service always! My favorite nail salon :)
Love listening to Taylor Ouellette play!!! Great ambiance and vibes!
First time here, awesome time!  Coming back soon!
Good food, but really not a REAL sports bar as advertised.
Very addicting!  I go there every chance I can!
Service was very good and so was the Food. Loved the green chili burro.
Great food great selection good atmosphere great prices really good place
First time visiting. Nice staff, clean environment. I will be back!
A new family favorite, small plates that are expertly made and reasonably priced.
Great food! Awesome environment & staff. I highly recommend!!
The homemade food never disappoints. The soup and pasta is always amazing!
So far so good. Great price great work!
Best chiro around, quick and very efficient.
parking is expensive ($15 flat rate) so take advantage and see other things near by (ie olympic stadium or biodome) or take the Metro.
The absolute BEST fish taco I've ever put in my mouth PERIOD!!!!
One of the best shrimp tacos I have had in awhile, friendly service as well
My wife loved her Fish Machaca Taco. I had the Gobernador. But we all agreed that my daughter's Shrimp Tacos were the best! We liked how many fixin's and dressings they had. You basically dress your own tacos.Great staff too!
This place has excellent fish tacos. The fish feels and tastes fresh.
Food is good and fresh. Prices are reasonable. This is a small local restaurant.
Best fish tacos ever.
I love Capriotti's. It really is the best sub chain around!
The Capastrami was excellent. I will be back to try other selections.
Meh...not too impressed. This is no east coast sandwich shop.
This place is amazing. I come here at least once a week. Amazing Italian food.
The best escargot in vegas. The food is great along with the friendly service
The hamburgers taste like real food! Really good food!
Great box.  Open gym all day for people like me that can't always make a class.
Great food! Really fresh and tasty and a great deal for the money!
Always fresh and tasty. Great service.
Unbelievable Gyro. First time here but plan on coming back many more times.
Great food and service!
Awesome food. Love this place. I would recommend you give them a chance.
Chilaquiles had a good sauce, salsa was great. Service warm
Not a bad spot the food was good the service was excellent.
Great outdoor area!! Love the music middle aged crowd I had a ball
Family owned and operated.  Love it.
This place closed down...  I just got here to find an empty store.
Gluten free pizza for me!!! Yay!
Good pizza and wings :)
This place is super amazing highly recommend for anyone looking for decor items . Unique pieces & large selection
Wax on. Wax off! This place is black belt! Bring your whole family!!!!
Great service at the counter and when I picked up the car! Highly recommend them.
For sweet or salty treats!  Recommended!
Kevin is amazing, I love my nails!!
Great service and nice staff! The champagne was a nice touch too!
Kevin D did a great job on a mani pedi. Thanks!!
No longer at this location... no other information is given on their website.
The adobada tacos were pretty good but didn't care too much for the asada ones.
Wow....them tripas tacos were yummy.  Crispy goodness.......
Amber is a sweetie and so patient
Trevor is the shit, great guy and a great shop.
Had the puto, it was delicious. Definitely going back when I have an appetite.
Excellent grilled trout with mango salsa. Steak burrito rocks! Superb table service, attentive and informative.
If you're in the mood for mediocre....
Waitresses great. Happy hour was delicious.
So like, ask for Asia at the bar. ;)
Service is great! Food not so great!  Sashimi looks a lot smaller than the picture!
Love the place!  Great food and an even greater atmosphere.
Best Chinese we know of in South Phoenix
Their wonton soup with sirracha sauce cures cancer.
Spinach and feta croissant for breakfast! YUM!
Great food, fresh and tasty. The tacos are overstuffed and the salsas are delicious.
Very good!!!! I loved the greens and fried chicken.
The food was awesome! We enjoyed our Dinner Date Nite !!
Not the best sushi...bad service and pricey. I wont be coming back.
Try gingerbread latte yum
Delivery: I just paid $27 for two tiny room-temperature pizzas.
I don't like this place. They are incapable of making anything that isn't exactly on the menu. It's not a place to sit have a good breakfast it's a grab and go. I wouldn't go here ever again. They can't even make a simple turkey sandwich. Don't go here if you want a simple breakfast
Food was soo yummy!!! Will be back to try those yummy looking cronuts.
Love it but wish they had sunshades for the windows!
Love love love !!!  favorite quick breakfast spot !!
Their egg on a soft roll are fantastic!
Friendly and nice staff.
Went to Valerie today for eye brow wax and tint, she did a great job!!!
Very friendly & attentive staff. Service with a smile. Helpful in recommending a good drink. Quick service. Delicious food!
Salsa was ok & the fish tacos... horrible.  Tasted like the fish was bad.
Best mexican in Vegas
Great place love the phillies cheese
I love the grilled chicken it's so gooooooooood I l love it
If the iced coffee was any colder I swear I'd be drinking it sitting on a iceberg!
STAFF MORE PEOPLE!!!  There's always a 30 minute line here in the morning.
Not too hungry? Go for the light dinner - consists just their "salad bar" - which is filled with great stuff!
Best steakhouse restaurant in  town, absolutely worths every penny.
The service is great! All you can eat menu is the best! Will definitely be back!
Never a bad AYCE visit!!
Love this place!!! Not really a review person but, this place deserves it.
Best sushi bar in Vegas with the best sushi and the best staff.
Manny made my first time here amazing.Thank you. I will be back.
Great selection.  Ayce is a deal.
Omg this is so great an love the pokie
Small place but worth every bite. Great service and friendly staff
The guys here are always awesome! Dinner and a show every time!
She locks the door earlier than they close, so don't rush there unnecessarily.
I always love my eyebrows and they last 5-6 weeks!
Fries to die for and sliced brisket that melts in your mouth.  Yum.
90% of the time this place is out of the soup of the day by 12:30 pm.
There is not a lot to say. This place is close to home, fast and cheap.
Great live music and atmosphere. wings were excellent, but portion size was small.
Great customer service. I love it! Vape On.Very personable.
Rosemary Lemon Caramel
Ritz-Carlton cake was amazing!!! Chocolate orangeChocolate mousse was not the best.
Don't panic when you find there are no trash cans to discard your waste or areas to place your bowls, plates and utensils! I think they do this on purpose. It's their way of saying.. "Don't worry about it, I've got it and I'll take care of it. Have a nice day!" :)
This place is wonderful...can't wait to bring my mom here
Really good soup sandwiches and great kids combo options.  Definitely coming back
Delicious healthy selections, friendly staff and great environment.
La bouffe d'ici est plus en plus po bonne!peut etre a cause le propriete a change...
Food Quality has declined. Not gonna order from them anymore. I ordered  some food and was burned-See pic This not what it used to be. I know I'm not the only person who notice.
Love the tacos and the salsa
Not the authentic Chinese food. Most of food are sweet.
Favorite record shop in Vegas! Friendly owner and a well curated selection.
Really appreciate the help.
Great customer service and friendly staff! Delicious healthy options as well!!
Friendly staff. Reasonable prices. Great services.
Good, Consistent and Fast. They can spice it up too!
Great home style food, atmosphere, staff, and delivers.
The food is good and always consistent. The staff is always friendly as well.
Love this place! The cream puffs and cappuccino's are fantastic
Not a coffee drinker but everything else here is excellent.
This place awesome open 24 hours bomb Mexican food
On time and good advice. Doug did not try to sell me anything I did not need.
He did a great job wonderful and fast.
Great fast service, called late at night and they were there the next morning
Wunderschön for students!
Typical Premium outlet. They looked just like the ones in Houston.
Excellent service. Replaced brakes. Good price, quick service.
The wet burrito is always winning. Customer service tends to be a hit or miss.
Slot machines are cool but don't win the big bucks
Slot machines are cool but don't win the big bucks
Very rude TSA officers - sorry you are having to do the job you chose to do.
Great environment, organic products and a funny, lively and competent staff.
Great fresh bloody mary's!
Super chill with warm, friendly staff.
Amazing. I can't believe how great it is to have a place like this in Phoenix.
Great food. Everything is made fresh from scratch. Love the atmosphere and service
This place is a awesome place to come grab something to eat and chat.
Dope atmosphere, great music (The Shins, Bombay Bicycle Club, etc)
Food here, while vegetarian, will leave most omnivores or carnivores satisfied.
Dont try the buffalo chix strips, they tasted horrible
Happy Hour from 4pm/7pm Thursday and Friday with live music.
Awesome job!!! Thank you, Sonny!
One of the best in town!
Another fantastic late night gel mani by Sonny.
I've been going to Elaines Nails for over a year. Always satisfied, no complaints.
Favorite Nails place ever!(:
Very clean dog park with friendly people. Wish it had more grass and less gravel.
After a long trip, this is place for a good foot and body massage.
Best prices in town!  Very helpful and Super Friendly!!!
Fricken awesome.  I love their spring rolls and their chicken phone is the best
It's hot in those hallways.
Very clean, very nice staff. Healthy breakfast burrito is great.
the dynamic duo  andy & travis
This place is awesome! I suggest the Ballantyne sushi roll.
After trying their sushi... I have to give them 5 stars!
Great food!!  Awesome staff!  Super fun environment!!!!  Nikki rocks!!!
This is my 3rd time here in 2 weeks time. The food is so yummy! Best fried shrooms I have ever had anywhere
Be adventurous and get the pbj burger - best thing ever - same with the duck egg rolls. Everything. Was. Amazing.
My tip, try the Adult Milkshake. 16oz glass of ice cream with 1.3 to 2oz of vodka.
Amazing happy hour drinks and food.  The Korean ribs on happy hour menu is awesome
Had Teresa as our server. Worst service EVER!!! Not friendly at ALL!
This is a comfy place with nice snacks on the menu.  Friendly staff.
Sit inside. We say on the patio. At 5'5" tall my feet barely reached the footrest on my barstool. My feet dangled so my legs fell asleep.
Best bar in scottsdale if you want a 2-1 ratio of girls. I love this place
Poor service and flat beer. There are so many better places in town.
Pretty good selection and good prices.
Food is great! BUT... customer service is about the worst I have ever seen. I immediately thought of a skit on The Chappelle Show called "Pop Copy" (YouTube it!). It was like they were frustrated that I interrupted whatever what ever they had going on to give them some business. What is unfortunate is I punish myself by going back again and again because their chicken is so good. There is never a greeting, a thank you, a please come again or anything positive.
Food is great! BUT... customer service is about the worst I have ever seen. I immediately thought of a skit on The Chappelle Show called "Pop Copy" (YouTube it!). It was like they were frustrated that I interrupted whatever what ever they had going on to give them some business. What is unfortunate is I punish myself by going back again and again because their chicken is so good. There is never a greeting, a thank you, a please come again or anything positive.
What can I say, 2nd Saturday in a row. This buffet has great comfort food!
I love CTNais! They are amazing! Great product and service
AC is working great the beer is cold. Need I say more?
They were closing up but invited us in anyway. Everything was put away and they still said they will take our order. We're getting it to go so. I'll have to comment on how good or not so good later ;-)
This is my favorite place to go during my lunch break
Best ever. Great food Great customer service and clean. That's all I can say!!!
Great philly wrap and fresh chicken wings!
I must say, the foods was really good. I order Beef Pad See Ew Spicy 5. It was just perfect. The beef wasn't chewy like some Thai Foods Places. It was nice and easy to eat. My Girlfriend had Yellow Chicken Curry Spicy 3 and Thai Tea. The Curry was perfect too! It wasn't too spicy, and the chicken wasn't dry. The Thai Tea wasn't bad either. Maybe it's because I only took a sip of her drink before we left to watch Fast 6.
Love the iced black horchata and its under 50 calories!
Excellent food and great service. A little over priced but still worth it.
Hot girls and hot wings are the two best things about gringo star.
One of my faves on mill. Super cool atmosphere. Great staff. Awesome djs.
They have iPhone 6S in stock!!
Loved it!! Already made my appointment to come back.
Yelp deal saved me $100.Thank you yelp.
Ken and Joey were excellent best place to go for quick oil change.
Mark at Goodyear gave me a good deal on brakes, fast same day service!
We visit today and Andy helped me show much with the brakes they were great
Great service great price. Out did every other tire place I checked.
Mark hooked me up, fast and quick service. Highly recommended.
Awesome!!! So fast and easy! Will definitely return
Really great service & was done timely!! Great deals!! Thanks Mark!
Awesome service Friendly Reliable Knowledgeable Guys!! Fast friendly service.
Best place for oil change or anything else you need!
Great place for family fun!
Nice friendly place, but the pizza is different than any pizza I've ever had
Will not refer any people their way.
0 stars! Show turned off 5 min in! Worst Vegas show experience ever! So disappointed
The show delivered. Good performances, good music, what's not to like.
Speechless. Just watch it!
Was so fun to watch. Amazing choreography
You will not be disappointed. Worth every penny.
Good friendly service, they have fresh squeeze sugar cane here !
Different   Unique. Very interesting. Will return.
Really nice for such a casual place.  Nice folks too
Smooth immunity shake tastes just like an Orange Julius
Awesome food & super friendly staff!
The Shroomin' in Philly is to die for.
Don't come Durring lunch it is too packed
Great Food! Great Service! I will definitely be coming here more often!
Great food at a decent price. Check it out.
Seating sucks. Come when it's dead.
They have on site wifi and USB charging!
Great food and awesome staff.
Awesome! Can't wait to go again! Great service food and atmosphere!
If you request the gluten-free menu, be sure to double check the ingredients with the staff- some of the sauces (the teriyaki,  specifically) was not gf. Beware!
Really interesting menu.  Inexpensive for the quality. Friendly and yummy.
First time here and super happy and impressed. Thanks for the great experience!
Great food. Hidden gem in an industrial area. Kind of pricey but worth it.
Love love. You just have to go
Amazing. Love the idea of a healthy side and a happy side.
Everything on the menu is tasty. Portions are nice and so is the staff!
I love this place!! The service is great and food is amazing!:)
Great place for food. A lot of different variety!
Great shakes Jessica is awesome
Third time here, and everything was great each time. Wonderful neighborhood pub!
12 taps; great apps; great selection of bourbon. Going to eat there again today.
Great fresh healthy food!
Amazing! Love prices, service and  food. New spot for sure ... Won't be a hidden gem for long.
So I went there at 8pm today and it was closed. Not a very good 1st impression.
Nice place,  friendly service, very clean.  Food was good I enjoyed it.
First time.  Great food.  Was impressed
Awesome artists, clean and great vibe in the place. What more could you want?
The staff is so friendly and I would not go any other place to get my nails done.
Awesome service as always. Will come back!!
I love this place. Tammy and Peter are AMAZING.
They did a great job.
Chip, Nick, and Eric make this bar happen. Best kick back spot in the Southwest.
Great place for fish tacos.
Outstanding!Great food! Great service!
I always enjoy a Chocolate Peanut butter milkshake from here so nice on a hot day:)
Wonderful and so incredibly relaxing. Products are amazing!! Prices can't be beat!
Pawn Daddy? More like pawn scum. Sky high prices. Just go on eBay it's cheaper.
The men's restroom smells like cookies and, for that, I am thankful.
First time here and we will be back! Incredible customer service and AWESOME food.
Be patient.  Massive store with muppets working the register.3rd week stopping in, 3rd week dealing with incompetence on the registers.
24 hour used tire shop ok for emergency only have one tire changing station so its packed
Never never use this company, they are everything you hear about Bad Moving Companies. My experience is this is the best example of bait and switch in moving. Should you choose them, get everything in writing prior to them starting work, Trust nothing they say, watch the workers, supervisor slowed down the crew all day and so much more.
Free coffee while you wait!
Quinoa hot cereal and eggs Benedict were to die for!
Amazing service. Great food.  Fun atmosphere and music. Worth the wait.
Best breakfast I have ever had!  Worth any wait!
Very good quality food and very delicious. Very friendly service, will come again.
Best breakfast I have ever had!  Worth any wait!
Great, and our server, Phil was a real pro!
Great chicken salad sandwich!
Handmade natural sodas are a crowd pleaser
Awesome atmosphere,  great food, fun place to go. I love it here. Must go
This is really good stuff.
Great place for breakfast!
Friendly local spot with good food every night of the week.
best burgers in north america!
Cross between shaved ice and ice cream. Really really good!!!
PS. When you come in, ask what flavors AREN'T on the menu. They are temporary, and can be the best or the craziest. Haha they also offer Vegan options now!
Open until midnight, great cool down treat
Wow they have Taro(UBE)here!!!  Uh oh found my new joint for snow cream cravings
My kids love this place.  Perfect for the summer heat in Vegas!
This place is awesome and the staff is amazing !
Excellents sushis et service impeccable!
Delicious food and fantastic service!!
Canh chua ca and ca' kho to...so good. ..love this place
Love going there. Frendly staff. Good prices. I could spend my day there.
Food was so good & service was friendly and great.
Service was amazing. Will definitely return!
Burger nachos and buffalo nachos!! Yum!
Great food. Vegan menu fajita tofu salad is one of the best salads I've ever had.
Fantastic margaritas. Great service; Courtney is the bomb.
AWESOME nachos and all other tex-mex food. Good service and friendly staff!!
Rick was an awesome server and Justin rocks!   Best service and nachos ever.
Love the Nachos and the food here both the Fremont and Sahara locations are amazing
Excellent work on my lips! Flying in every time to get touched up!
Definitely one of the best places to rent books from for CSN (Charleston Campus).
Mike was crazy helpful! Easiest rental experience ever!!! So much better than enterprise! Thanks for getting us back on the road quickly!!
We came here twice it was so good. And if in town we'll be sure to come back!!!
Great food, always a good place. Quick service very clean spot!
wow - don't miss the Spinach Pie and Greek Salad for lunch - it was great!
$5.00 Battery replacement
Do not go with young kids!  Expensive, bad food, small rooms, poor customer service and not stroller friendly.  They make you sit thru a 15 minute movie which was miserable with my little ones.
$18.95 for adults & 10% off for AAA members...and ps wear bright colored shirts it attracts the butterflies :-)
The kids love it and that is all that matters!
Love love love this place!!
Finally a place that celebrates my love of board games!
The food was good. And the prices were really good for the quality of food. But the late night service out by the billiards area way awful. And it took 30 mins for burgers. And even longer for med rare steak and fried chicken. And non of our food came at the same time. Not to mention we were the only people eating a 12 am wed morning. Then the server decided to split our check in a weird way and we didn't even ask her to split it. And I hate waiting for water refils, kind of makes me crazy.
Always fun when you're with friends
Go to place for relaxation and a great foot massage.
Can't talk, stuffing face! Nachos are outrageous!
This place is pretty good. Not great but good. Might be better if you're a drinker.
Shrimp & Veggie Tacos with Mango Mandarin Margarita! Highly recommended!
Food tastes great. You don't get alot of food for the price.
AWESOME!!!! Very laid back place to enjoy yourself.. I recommend it!
Great service, great hookah, awesome waitresses
Staff was nice. Hookah was good. Drinks are typical Vegas strip prices.
Mandy is an awesome server! Great experience.
Kenny is the best super fun super cool and the lounge is fuckin amazing
Love them! Such a fun place to just chill and have a low key time
despite the recent bad press here this will always be my favorite spot. The servers are always pleasant and knowledgable and the blueberry mojitos are on point! We came for happy hour and had a pitcher of blue berry mojitos, stuffed dates, baked tetilla, Serrano sliders, fireflys fries, diablo shrimp, and chicken rings empanadas. The empanada was one sliced in half so it was a small portion but the taste was delicious the pitcher lasted us the whole meal (and it was happy hour 50% off drinks)
I dare you to name something that IS NOT good here!!!
Boquerones and manchego mac and cheese were pretty good! Tres leches cake was also nice.
Oh wow!  Choco tres leches
Great cocktails but bad service.
Great food. Mac and cheese and bacon dates unreal..
We are visiting from out of town and this place was great.   Food was superb.
Excellent service and the food is amazing
Order the stuffed dates ( bacon wrapped, smoked almonds, red wine reduction, blue cheese)
Make your reservation now!
Amazing!  A great experience. Food and service were exceptional.
Place is outstanding! Great for groups! Bacon wrapped dates are to die for.
Stuffed Bacon Wrapped Dates - 'nuff said!
Everything I ate was delicious
The best Mojitos I've had in a while! The food was very good and so was the ambience
Place is great, food is awesome! Great service
Lots of variety and great food.
They have excellent food and great service
Very delicious! Great customer service, quick service and very good
Great food. Newer owners of the business who are extremely friendly and welcoming.
BTW:  open face sandwiches are a fancy name for bruschetta.  Very good!!
Great customer service, easy process, highly recommend using this storage facility.
Prime rib eggs benedict
.We love this place and Kelli is great. The Island Favorite is always fresh.
Great food, service (Brandt and Heather are the best!!) and overall experience!!
Manuela was very friendly and efficient. Great waitress.
Joshua is the best, EVAR!!!
Had a wonderful breakfast with our server, Laura!
Great breakfast place. Manuela was a fantastic server, food is excellent.
My favorite breakfast stop!  Manuela was awesome!
Coffee (use the hazelnut creamer) and food were great and PK was awesome!!
PK is amazing and the food is great.  Keep up the good work!
PK rocks!  The best waiter EVER!
Manuela was terrific as always... We love this placeGr8 food & service!
PK was awesome as always!
Great food and amazing service! Be sure to ask for PK. He is an awesome server!
The food was delicious, the waiter Mario was excellent!! I'll be back! Thank you
Epic fail in food. I built a burrito with shrimp, guac, pico, cheese, and cabbage (they forgot the cabbage); and a side of refried beans (they gave me black beans unfried). We got a large side of guac (they said 2 smalls would be better, but they only gave us one). A side of queso (containing a nickel sized burnt piece). Amanda got a shrimp taco salad (mostly beans and rice. Rice?) which had a very large avocado pit in it. The 2 bottled beers were quite good though.Only $32
Food is great.  Service is terrible.
Friendly staff, quick service, fun and tasty food!
Always leftovers for tomorrow's breakfast or lunch
Excellent food. Awesome deals and specials. And very well spiced meat
Only had the burritos, and they are great.
Liked it so much I took a group of 15 people there the next night...  Loved it!
Nice caprese good pizza.
Quality products, great staff, and fair prices.  Got my motorcycle decals removed.
Bel endroit. J'y suis allé pour le brunch c'était bon mais pas renversant.
Place is pretty dead.
I love Kate. She does a great job. I recommend her to everyone.
Amazing here!!!! Kate and Trish are such wonderful people and they do an amazing job
Good eats.. Beef stew noodle is good. Servers are sooo attentive..
Try the rice crepe and egg rolls... Both great!
Love this place!Best pho ever and the spring rolls are always fresh
Lots of options for people for people with food allergies. Everything is gluten free, and they clearly list any other potential allergens on the labels
Fresh dumplings, good service, looks clean. Nothing spectacular. Decent food.
Awesome food.  Great wait staff.  Best Vindaloo and butter chicken in Charlotte.
The food was very tasty and the staff was wonderful and so friendly!
Absolute best!  Yummy!
My second check in here was awesome!
The best Gyro combo ever! The pita was fresh and good deal for great price! FRESH!
Awesome cut and color!  You'll never be disappointed!
This is easily one of the best Thai places in Pittsburgh! Love this place :)
Great selection and very personable owner. Highly recommended.
Southwest bowl w brown rice. Was delcious!
Great spot to keep you motivated for the New Year!!
Favorite healthy spot in Vegas. Right next to Golds so I go right after training.
Meh! A bit overpriced the help is kind of snooty. The food is only ok
Bomb shakes and healthy food
Everybody needs to come here!! It's heaven yuuuuuuuuummmmmm!!!
Great customer service! Great knowledge!! And very helpful!!! Would go back again!!
Even though the man here didn't like strawberries, this place is great.
Apple juice too small tastes bad food was cold it all wasn't that great
Zupas is pretty awesome! Drove 30 mins from our hotel just to eat here :)
Very good. Friendly workers, fresh tasty food.
food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high.
food is okay but not impressive.  The price is high.
北京片皮鸭、川味凉粉、是我最爱，其他的味道也很不错，服务也挺好的，除了见过一个能把人气死的男服务，现在不在了。
Orange pineapple coconut! Yes! Prices our outrageous and I don't even care lol
only open 7am-3 pm. breakfast and lunch only. good stuff
Good pad Thai. Kinda hidden in a bar. But good food
Good place, nice food, especially avocado eel cheese sushi!
Get the concrete mixer, you'll love it!
Great quality of food
I absolutely adore this place!
Great customer service and very friendly. Highly recommend to anyone.
Food is amazing and the service is excellent.Cost is very affordable. Relaxing.
Good price on firearms even better on ammo good customer service
I didn't not feel welcome and zero customer service.
Wow homemade ice cream cakes too
The variety of choices you can choose from are amazingly delicious!
Regular Gas $2.99. 12-24-13.
Delicious food, great service, great prices! Favorite salad is the Waldorf salad
Very tasty poutine. Great cocktails. Good portions too. Loved it
Best steak salad!!! So delicious
Food is ALWAYS amazing and ALWAYS on time and fresh! Keep up the great work guys!
The best coffee in Charlotte. Expertly crafted     espresso drinks!
Great burgers and excellent beer selection with many screens to watch sports
I had the Holmburger. WOW. Just wow.
16 bucks for a 99 cent pizza :(.   Way over priced.
16 bucks for a 99 cent pizza :(.   Way over priced.
Very helpful found what I needed and ended up leaving with a couple more things
One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale!
Good food.  Kristen was an excellent server.
Cute persian hippy cafe with great pastries
They have good food. I order takeout from them all the time. Pretty fast delivery.
The ceviche was good till the place caught on fire and they kicked us out...
Love my window tinting! He did such s great job. Thank you David :)
$10 for a Guinness that is not even poured properly?  This place is awful.
a beautiful place to have brunch lunch and dinner* :) lil far but it worth！
Great service , great food, great people.Try the meatballs, they are great.
Great spot for a casual dinner or drinks. Good atmosphere. Good menu. Good prices.
Beautiful venue, nothing amazing from the menus and service was so-so.
Great food! Great service! Nice and spicy! We will definitely go back many times!
2 words, Amazing Mexican!!! Ask for Tommy "superman" the server!
Every other Mexican meal you've ever eaten just died of embarrassment
Absolutely delicious.
All I can say is it's ether a HIT or a MISS ! Ngek
Check out this place if you like coffee - it's a must! Bear in mind they are only open sat And Sundays 10-6 - maybe open weekdays during festival?
We just had Breakfast!!! It was pretty good!!!
Outstanding pizza! Quality far above any pizza chain pizza!
Back again! Very good pappardelle bolognese!
Wonderful food, the food portions are huge and the staff are friendly.
My wife and I love this place!
We love this place for frozen yogurt, but it is a little pricey.
They folded it wrong or they would have scored higher. Fresh n tasty!
The meals are expensive the portions are large, and the wait... Is excruciating!
My go to place for everything! Love it to death!!!
Great feel good cafe food style restaurant!!!
Rosa said she makes everything from scratch.
This place is amazing!  Great place for a  party!
Great place to celebrate my girls last single days!
Awful, dirty, food not cooked all the way, shakes are with syrups!!!awful.
Everytime I come to the store I'm in and out quickly. Friendly staff.
friendly place great haircuts and great prices   much recommended.
Decent. Not the best food but a laid-back environment for meeting friends
OMG come see Jessica!!! Best mani/pedi ever!!!!
Great beer selection. Like the fact that they change brews, variety is great
Kim makes one hell of a Bloody Mary *drops mic* You won't be sorry you went!
coffee is great, hits the spot for the Cali girl in Montreal winter here!!
Good spot in the neighborhood for late night ice cream and games, the kids love it!
Awesome place, my daughter and I go here a lot.  Love the bobba and the ice cream!
Ice cream filled macaroons are amazing !!! Great flavor combinations !!!
Love the macaroon green tea ice cream
The macaron ice cream sandwhiches had me at first bite.
Omg. The flavors are so authentic!! So delicious!!
This place is fire!!!!!
Really bad experience, will never go back.
Great vibes, good ice cream and boba, always enjoy coming over here
Boba is the same where we go, not much to say but the bubba is good ! Enjoy
So delicious! Staff was so sweet and friendly definitely a place to try!
Awesome place 10/10 recommend
Great atmosphere and great service. Delicious food!
this place has the best sushi!!! awesome environment!!
Great place for any occasion. Laid back and fun. Our chef was very entertaining.
My bathroom was dirty and had a dead bug. I spend my entire evening trying to get them to clean it right. I paid $177 per room and wish I would have stayed at Best Western instead.
Yummy food in a cute little setting!
I absolutely love this place! The food and service are amazing!!
The Empanadas here are amazing!!!
I like this store.  They seem to have almost everything I need.
Top notch oysters and friendly service.
Love this place. Always clean and a great staff.
Amazing pizza slices for lunch.  Super nice husband and wife owners.  Bring your own wine and dine on the new patio.
Bring your own wine here. Call ahead for larger groups .
Does Not honor Yelp discount beware!
Want fast food McDonald's is always a classic been going to McDonald's since I was little kid.oh memories lol
No straw + 30 min drive thru time = RIDICULOUS!!!!
Excellent food and the lamb chops kebab were amazing, def coming back.
Fancy for not fancy prices. Only One vegetarian dish. Classy atmosphere.
Mark my words you guys have evolved the hot dog.
Decent enough spot to grab breakfast or dinner. Lines can be long so if you don't mind grab a spot at the counter. Not a large menu and a bit pricey but consider it's casino prices.
Worse service I ever had ...we wait 45 minutes for pancakes and omlet
Great customer service and fun flavors, giving them the extra star!
Fat free & Carbless options!
Best shaved ice I have ever had great place, great price and great ice!!
Awesome most try the bahama Rama mama!!
bahama bucks is the best shaved ice on earth!! must try
Huge portions, family style dining. Caesars salad and the muscles were great.
Great dinner very pleasant placeGood for big groups food is great!!!!!
Friendly Staff great customer service.
Quick. Easy. Painless.Got my smog check with the check in deal.
Fast, fast, fast!  Great service, great price when you use the Yelp coupon.
Not super big on customer service but courteous and quick. Great deal on smog checks
Great shaved ice and the cookie jar shake was sooo good!
Very good massage. I have been to many foot massage places this Is the best one.
Way to expensive and their card system is awful.
最高です！Delaxが絶対お勧め！！チャーシューがとびきり美味い！！また来る！！！！！！！
Great little local spot
Great little local spot
Love this place, I love how they cater to my 3 year old daughter, very good ramen.
Fast service!  Great job! Glad to have a clear windshield again!
Friendly, fast, great service. They finished in less than twenty minutes!
The check-in desk did not have very good service. The ladies acted as if we were bothering them or interrupting their conversations to check in. The service every where in this hotel could really use a pick me up! Everyone seems tired and irritable. The only good things about this hotel was our bed was very comfortable and it's conveniently close to Toby Keith's bar and the Carnival Court, which are out favorite handouts! Overall, most likely won't be staying here again.
Sign up for the rewards member card Thursday - Sunday, you'll get to try the million dollar pull :-)
Stromboli of the pepperoni kind, YUM! Service was also great!
Great local bar. Great staff. Cheap drinks. What else do you really need in a bar?
Excellent Cambodian cuisine! Dancing tastebuds every bite.
Food is exceptional but customer service is lacking.
Amazing food!!! This is going to be my "go to" restaurant.
Had dinner last night, best seafood hands down!!! Can't wait to go back
Delicious food, good environment, nice people
Food is tasty and the service is great!! Love this place!! :)
Great food with awesome customer service
After a POS upgrade, they now take credit cards.
I love this restaurant! Great food, great service!!!!
Not nearly as busy as the 7th & Glendale location
love the food here. and everyone  is very friendly.  I go here at least once a week
From the tri-tip to the burgers, everything is awesome here!
She cleaned my whole house 2000 Sq feet in 3 hours.  5 stars 10 out of 10.
Great place with delicious and affordable pizza and fantastic customer service.
Leave extremely satisfied in the belly and wallet everytime I go.
A must is the Carne Asada torta. The taco trio is also delicious.
The Cuban Sandwich, wow! What a find! Can't wait to come back!!!
Try out the orange chicken also kungpao triple.. Nommmm..
Place is under new management, now called Asian Fusion Kitchen.
Love the service recommend my friends
They have quick reliable service at a reasonable  price.
Located in the Chinatown Plaza
It's traditional & authentic place. Ambiance is awesome!
Wow! The service here is incredible! I came in with my niece to get manis and pedis.  First of all, they accommodate child pedicures with adorable chairs that are just the right size!  Upon arrival, we were offered refreshments and my niece was given an ice cream come.  The environment and staff was friendly and inviting.  Amy did my manicure and pedicure. She was just the best.  I have never been more happy with my nails. She is personable and great at what she does. I highly recommend
I really enjoyed my visit here!! I absolutely loved my nails. Sarah is really great.
Super cute club wear and casual/hipster outfits! GREAT prices.
Small leak in 1/4" line.  Quoted $135 (minimum). No thank you!
What a beer selection...
Best burgers in town! Great happy hour and lots of TVs to watch games on.
Juicy juicy juicy burgers
Best sports bar in Old Town.. Especially if your a Chicago sports fan!
Great place, good food, good service!  Would come back.
Amaaazziinnggg burgers. Was my first and probably only time here on business.
Nice staff, not the worst prices, good food and drink selection and nice setup
The prices are more expensive than the online menu.
Great mixology. These folks are so creative.  Smoking skull whiskey.
Time travelers would feel at home here.
Great dinner. A hipster joint that delivers great food.
Impressed! Amazing drinks delicious food!
Awesome pizzas, but definitely order off the regular menu!!!
Awesome!!!!!! Great truffle salami pizza, pig truffle and homemade meatball.
Good food and service! :) will recommend and come back when I visit.
Cheese pizza was really good.
My second favorite here. Good crust, a little chewey.
Great pizza, good service, solid all around!
Nice variety; staff friendly, helpful & not pushy. Clean. Well organized.
Good place to grab a bite after work since they're open late.
Awesome staff! !! Makes being at the doctors office not too bad!
Great love country music on the weekends. Fun crowd and great service.
The chicken Marsala oh so yummy
Friendly staff. Good food and fast service.
Friendly staff. Good food and fast service.
Great staff.  Overpriced food and beverages. Small portions for a premium $$$$ price
O M G to die for! You must try this place, period.
Pastry chef of the year
Pretty little place with great dessert! Good coffee too!
Must see to believe.  Everyone and everything done to perfection
This place is awesome. If you have sweet tooth or on a date. You have to come here.
Every thing is delicious
Awesome timely service all around.
Poor service, reheated food- never again!
Great bike shop. Super easy to work with,  very friendly and helpful!!
Zero stars for service
Wonderful helpful staff. Shop is organized by brand. Nice selection of yarn.
you wait 1/2 hour for no service. this is not the place to go on sundays!
Horrific. From start to finish a travesty of a dining experience.
Just a note to anyone reading this, Krissy left and moved out of state :(
Try aguachiles... they are awesome....
Had the honor of the omakasi by Chef, plate after plate
Great place but don't be in rush..
Great food with modern style atmosphere.
Fun atmosphere! Friendly service! Good food and sake! A little upscale and pricey!
Pork belly roll and kogi beef tacos are delicious!!!
Food was awesome no season needed the rice was off da hook
Showcase store with open wi-fi, coffee drinks, mini pizzas. Amazing blur of motion lunchtime service disposes of long line quickly.
Kate does amazing work!!   Love love my lashes!!!
Great food!the Thai basil chicken is my favorite.
Excellent Tom Yun!  Curry chicken was very good and lunch combo was a great value!
Slowest service in the world. Never going back.
Quick and easy set up for my new unit with Carmen! Thank you!
Had 2 burnt 16$ pizzas and a few drinks for 85 $ lol what a rip. Dont even bother
Happy hour is incredible value. Must try. It will bring you back.
Yum yum yum! Love this place! Great service!!!
The Cal Italia is amazing.
Great pizza, drinks, environment, and the mudslide dessert is a must try!
Thin crust pizza is fabulous
Great music great pizza and great service and great  craft beer
Absolutely love pizza rock! Amazing food!
Wow! The food is absolutely delicious. Nice chill environment.
Great pizza by the slice.
Excellent.  Best pizza that we have had in a while and prices were reasonable.
Way over priced and i have had much better pizza in new york city
Nice pizza but way over priced,,.Pleasant server
Pizza was great! Great atmosphere to go along with the downtown environment!
We had a slice of pepperoni each, best Pizza I have ever had FACT.
A must have: Get the meatballs. Everything about it is delicious!!!!
One of the best NY style slices ever.
Great f ing pizza!!!  Enough said!!!!
Don't gamble here, the dealers are really rude
Rapid PickUp is pretty cool!
Red Rock is the best. Sam the owner is wild and crazy... And the best!
The worst McDonald's in Arizona, orders are always incomplete or wrong.
My new favorite sub shop! Love the ham and salami!
Great sandwiches, Great service, and the best bread in town!!!!!
Very good but very tiny restaurant.  Love the chicken curry.
Took a family bike ride here. Good stuff!
Best icecream ever!Would definitely recommend this to everyone
Thank you for the great late night treat, it was awesome!
Amazing , great place, great customer service
Whoever thought about this place is a genius! Love their ice cream!!!
Finally!!! After almost 4 years, have found an excellent white pizza!!
Best service from Jerred. Great food...great atmosphere!!! Will be coming back again
Awesome service, great food and drinks, ask for Zack for your special events.
Best service I've ever had at a fast food place. Thanks Jordan!
Very good but different
Offer the spicy potatoes as a side with sandwiches without up charging! You have done this for me before and I was just told you no longer offer them as a side and if I want them with my sandwich I have to pay an extra $2.50! That's a bit outrageous for some potatoes!!! Bring them back. I love this place but that's enough to turn me away.
Best hummus in charlotte
Really great mole and birria.
I hear nothing but good things about the food and today is my 2nd time at a Toby Keith's, but wow, these prices are deadly! No lunch specials to boot! I guess it's full-price all day, every day!
Great place! Nice and clean! Quick and fresh Italian food!!
Closed for renovations. But it does not say when it will re-open
Limited activities for a toddler & food selection was not all that.
Kids that work there are MEAN!!! (Well just this one today)
Way to many rules, & pricy! Could work on the cleaning.
Amazing pool - great for kids and playground and wading pool is great too!
Excellent!  Great service!  Great food!
Best fried rice on the planet. It's a must try
Love this cafe on Monkland...best lattes in town!!
Good old Thriftys ice cream. My bestie & I enjoyed it. Cookies were great!
Friendly staff and delicious ice cream sandwiches
Wonderful quaint modern decor is the start to this
Absolutely amazing and fun time!!!
Omgosh best burger in town. By far. The milkshakes are to die for.
Delicious food! Fast service! Try the fries and quinoa sides!
Friendly and fast service.  Always feel great afterwards.
Love this place! Roland is the BEST!
The real number 1 boba The owner Robert makes fresh tea and boba every morning.
Delicious. Definitely going to become a regular. Prices are quite good as well.
Yummy Sushi! The staff is super nice and very helpful!
They raised the prices: lunch is $21 and dinner is $25
Great place to eat sushi... protien style!!
Cute, yummy and affordable! My fave sushi place in Vegas so far.
Place is rad, fair prices, and the Monster Roll RULED
Awesome place, great menu and price. Great service.
Love the all you can eat sushi!
OMG freaking awesome sushi...one of my favorite places hands down...wow...just wow
i can go there everyday as long as i can
That's what I call Sushi. Divine...from service to Quality of food.
The fish tastes fresh and the service is really good.
Great sushi place in town...
Best place !!! Love going their people are nice
Nadir is the man! You won't regret letting this man cut your hair I promise!
Great food, great service. It is nice to have this as a quick stop food option
they forgot my clucking sauce!!
I love spicy chicken sandwiches so god damn much
Not bad.  A little bit high priced.  Sushi is sold as one piece.
Excellent and Gluten free. 6 stars.
Salmon was pretty good. Nice, fast service.
Food is good, server was nice and helpful. Would recommend to friends.
The paletas are delicious and under 3 dollars!
Good service, overpriced food that was flavorless
Lobster Rolls can't be beat!! A Must try!!!
Good food and nice service but nothing special. Filled our seafood fix!
Service was the worst I have ever had
Love this place, has great equipment and flavors! And great customer service.
First time there today and I was blown away by their service.
What an awesome manicure and French gel I have!  It's lasting and lasting...
I've been going to Cindy for over 10 years, she's the best.
This place is awesome. Great food, and amazing service!
Awesome service and great food. Need to widen delivery service but no complaints.
Best personal pizza I have ever had. "The Chipotle of Pizza."
Fire! You are telling me I can put steak on a pizza? Yes please.
Love the thin crust custom made pizza. Quick and helpful service.
Amazing! Absolutely in love!
Good pizza, good salads, great place to go
Best waffles ever eaten!
Awesome chocolate!  A little expensive, but worth it for quality chocolate.
Great service! Clean! Will come back next time I'm in Vegas!
Love this place.  Great service. Very friendly and excellent work!
Was quoted 45 minutes to an hour, but delivery arrived in thirty minutes- nice!
Absolutely amazing! I would definitely love to again soon
Truly a unique experience!  How he does it is a mystery to me.  Just amazing!
Very entertaining, great show, would recommend to anyone of any age.
He is great, awesome and very very good looking in person. 10000+ stars for him
Outstanding fun and amazing, times 4, paranormal demonstrations.
Awesome must see!! It's entertaining from beginning to end. It absolutely amazing
Fun and interesting show.  Rather impressive show of ability and talent.
WRONG PHONE NUMBER DOODS!!! We sold the store and they haven't changed it.
Always great food relaxing yet festive atmosphere highly recommended!
Fire flavors and always satisfied when I come here!
We had the taco special with 2 grilled fish  and 1pig. They were so accommodating. The food was so fresh and plentiful. We also ordered a pig burrito with extra meat. It was enough for 3. I can't wait to go back. The thing that  amazed us was the staff. The owner Christopher made a point to say hello to everyone  while he was busing the tables. Great place.
Delicious food, great service, way cool atmosphere.  Feels like Maui...in Vegas, baby!
Everything here is delicious!!
Excellent food! Great new spot
Good food, good service. The steak was delicious with guacamole.
Great food and an even better staff.  They are doing it right here.
Loved it. Great customer service! Super friendly
Great food. A fresh change. Friendly service. Thank you for the great lunch break.
Really great place, the employees were very nice!
The best!  Different from the regular stuff and it's good for you!
Save your money and go to costco!
Great place for one drink.  Why one drink? Cause you only see your server once.
Love this place. Mac Daddy and the Lady are my two favorites.
Great hot dogs with interesting toppings and even better doughnuts
This is a cool place downtown for some delish dogs and donuts!
Small space with a big patio- Great food, unique menu, and friendly service.Tasty!
Love this new med spa!!!
OMG soooo delicious!!!! Seriously yummy!!! If you LOVE Cocos check this place out!!!
In the words of Jimmy Fallon, "They are so Ewww!"
In the words of Jimmy Fallon, "They are so Ewww!"
Excellent as always.  Doesn't get any better.
Haven't had Tommy's in forever! So glad I found one here in Vegas
This is a big store. Friendly efficient staff. Great atmosphere.
The place is huge! I always find a spot to sit at and do business paperwork!
Nice place Always a pleasure to have food at this place
My experience was awesome, got lots of tasty food for a great price.
Crazy Good!!! This place is worth the drive. Be prepared as you can't just try one!
Everything is always mediocre.The food, the service, the atmosphere.
Excellent food and service.  We will be visiting this place often.
Love their food and courtesy to customers  :)
Really nice quality secondhand, and you can sell here too!
Please don't go this place employees are very unkind and very slow as well
Prompt, professional work. You won't regret using their service.
The cookies are amazing!
Make sure you're hungry, lot's of food, and great dessert.
Amazing amazing! Going back for more.
Dreadful, offensively bad! Soggy naan, tough chicken, soggy pakora! Just total crap!
Gave it another chance. Pretty spot on! Way to go!
Terrible. F.   Expensive, long wait, screwed up order and wasn't any good.
Loved the food. Visiting from USA and had pizza salad and bruschetta all delicious.
I absolutely love this place Hannah is the best!!! Great customer service
Great quick service! Fed ex USPS ups notary fax copy!
Best menudo in town great food ,great service
Awesome shop Chris the owner always takes care of me..check it out ill be worth it
A cheap & healthy meal at the airport...Spicy Minestrone Soup, just a little over $4.00 (after taxes)
The best host is Miguel . Just impress which he could work at my store .
Great food and great service!
845 and the posted hrs say 9pm. Just told me it's closed. Really?  Good riddance!
So much fun in this place!
Quick friendly service, clean facility , services expertly performed.
Excellent service fast and affordable recommend 2ne1
Very honest only will get my oil changed at a superior tire location.
Very good.  Something South Park, much less Charlotte, needed.
Excellent Japanese food/sushi. Excellent service. Lovely and warm ambiance.
Wonton soup is terrible.
Bring extra water. Nice little scramble toward the summit. 2 hours round trip
Love all pre cooked food it's just so expensive!
Donuts are a 5.   Drive thru and wait times are horrible.   Total cluster f$&k
I have to drive past two dunkin' donuts to get to Bosa. It's worth it.
Great doughnuts, coffee and sandwiches. You can eat three meals here if you needed.
Fresh, delicious, cheap!! So yum!
Practically perfect in every way.
Excellent service. Friendly nail techs! Affordable and they did a nice job
Meh , slow , indifferent service.  Food was bland , beer was good
Savannah is awesome keep it up thank you for a great time
Great curry. Nice decor. Dark and romantic. Good prices
This place is so cute and has a great selection. The owner is very helpful too
Lovely walk with fantastic Edinburgh views
Love them!!! Yum! Great people and what's best that taking a fresh pizza home?
Expensive and it will give u the water shits
Absolutely amazing!! Best philly in town!
Great service. Great food. Sushi or grill both are good.
Rip Off!  Worst experience ever!
Great customer service. Fixed my 4S screen in under an hour and it looks like new!
Fast service to replace my broken LG3 screen. Thank you!
These guys are AWESOME.  I will not go anywhere else EVER. Thanks guys you rock.
Great service very minimal wait... And great prices for repairs!
Love the place! So friendly, and they definitely make the money worth it!
like drinking fire. Not smooth at all. Even Bacardi is better.
They were not very friendly or inviting.
Great shop,  friendly and helpful staff and a great atmosphere.
Amazing!!! I felt like I was back at home
If you know what real coneys should taste like this is the place to hit hands down.
AMAZING!!! I love this place! Great food,great people,great experience!
Great coney's! Just like back home.
The best tasting coney dogs, hand cut French fries, Vernors, and get this; Faygo Red Pop in glass bottles! It's a dream I tell ya! I bought the T-Shirt!
Great homemade food. Great service. Awesome coneys, gyros and burgers.
I've never been so excited to eat in my life. This was so delicious!
Delicious! Friendly staff. Quick lunch service. Good Food. Good price
As always Dave served up the best coneys and had superman ice cream today!
moving to tempe just to live closer to this joint. loved the food! top notch
Good food. People were really nice!
Very very good , fries are damn good to compliment some very tasty dogs and burgers
It's the southwest corner, behind a U-Haul place that used to be a gas station.
Awesome! I tried at taste of Madison, best food!
Great service, great food, great people. Also halal options. Excellent thai food.
The food was satisfying but not impressive. The service was slow and inattentive.
Get the honey chicken wings!!! Just do it. You'll thank me for it.
It's the best you can find
Gluten free buns for the burgers, great fries,   And outdoor seating.
Best burger i had in months.
Really good , loved all the dips , my kids scarfed the chicken tenders down :)
Fantastic lunch!  Wonderfully friendly people
The green curry was the best I've ever had
Delicious food in large portions for a great price
Love this place - try the BLTa
Food was very tasty and in large amounts perfect size to share
My new favorite chicken quesadilla!
Great Chicken, Great ambience. Good player in the Montreal chicken scene!
Loved it. Chicken was amazing and super cheap! The hot sauce was outstanding.
Great food with a smile !!!!
Delicious Persian food. As well as Iraqi menu. Nice ambience.
Delivery is freaky fast-----lettuce wraps also freakin good! Try them!!
Always great place for meeting...great food and service for value..
Wow I was impressed at the speed of this place I was literally in out and on my way.
Had the time of my life- best weekend for a bachelor party
Bad Ass Daniel!!!!   Great bar and great music. Nice looking peps.
Grrr no green tea yogurt
Great place.  Good food.  Commendable service.  Friendly.
Best prices around. No joke. Great selection.& the staff is very knowledgable.
Best supplement store in Las Vegas they have everything you need!!
What a great time. You have to try it. The staff is bananas.
Nick and Andrew were the shit me and my group hade a blast we definitely be back
Régressif à souhait avec tout ce sucre ! Miam miam.
I went here for a massage today and there are very friendly people here.
Just OK. Way too expensive for the mediocre food you get.
Good but overpriced.  Spent $36Same as IHOP where I spend $20 for 2 people.
Super relaxing! Don't live in the area but would drive out again to see Kim!
Best nail place ever!
Hotel is very nice and the staff is very helpful.  Restaurant and pools are nice.
Phenomenal!!! Great service, great price, clean and delicious hookah.
We just had the best day in the Grand Canyon with Sunshine tours
Great sushi. Great service. Love it
Had great service and reasonable price.  Mike did my work and is good.
good selection of pasteries. Love this place great selection of sandwiches!
Great Enchiladas awesome chimichangas
Totally agree about the rude office staff.  Took my father there and was treated like one of so many cattle.  When I stood in front of the receptionist to schedule after waiting forever, she gave me a death-stare - and said they would call us to schedule.  My dad was shocked! And guess what?  Five days later, they still haven't called us to schedule his next appointment. Ugh.
Great stuff and nice staff
Extremely welcoming and knowledgeable staff! Nice atmosphere as well.
I've never had to wait long here.
Love this place! Local cafe with great food and coffee.
Super friendly staff!
Very friendly and helpful staff! Food is always made right and tastes good.
Always nice and attentive. Love this little corner of the store!
Fast and great service from workers. Drinks were amazing and some best around.
Good food but service was not. Might be back.
I'll go back if only for the man candy!!! Awesome!!!
Amazing time! Great deals on holiday gifts and decor. Plus mimosas & chocolates!?
There's a delivery fee which they never informed me when I made the order. I was short of cash so I checked the total price with a calculator to make sure I have enough cash, but it turns out there's a $3 delivery fee that I've not been informed of. I like the food but I'm disappointed at their service both inside the restaurant or delivery(it usually takes 1.5 hour for the food to arrive and as you can guess the food has almost entirely cooled down, which is never good for a Chinese meal)
Frisch, lecker, freundlich, sauber!!!! Sehr empfehlenswert!!!
Hello, gorgeous! Love the smash chicken and service with a smile.
Awesome place.... Best kept Italian secret!!
Better than kuma. X10
Black sesame sensation (black sesame, mochi, condensed milk)
Nice dessert after dinner. The mucho mango is good.
Great place, new owners are fabulous
Delicious! Their unique ice cream texture revolutionizes the ice cream industry
This place is phenomenal!!! They made my last day of the trip the best day!
Our go to place for snowflake ice! Always great customer service.
Great service, excellent food!
Closed at this location.  Dont know if the other lication is still open or not.
The food and service from Aaron was awesome.
Just love this place, best southern in town!!
This studio is located in Salon Boutique which is next to Total Wine & More
If you're from the Midwest and miss the custard, you'll love this place!
Yum!! Love the Italian ice, just like I had growing up on Long Island.
Seriously. Go. Eat all the ices. Especially the cantaloupe.
DELICIOUS pizza and homemade pasta!!!  Great beer selection.
You must experience eating and drinking here.
Great service! Very nice atmosphere as well!
Eyebrow wax was on point! The strip mall it's in is hilarious though lol!
Have to get my groom on! This lady's know what they're doing.
The best Taiwanese restaurant in town period!
Don't like the manager
Awesome place. Good songs! Nice and clean rooms! And very nice staff!
Great place to come with friends to drink and have a good time highly recommended
The popcorn is delicious!
Nice ambience! Good food! Love the salad!
Love the happy hours and the drinks!!
Best karaoke in town and great environment!!
Radler + magic in the ivy
They fixed my screen quickly at a fair rate. 10 out of 10
Bone marrow appetizer is excellent
Food was good, not great.  Overpriced and service was just so so.
Amazing food and amazing service. Best bday dinner EVER! Kobe skirt was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The brussel sprouts with bacon... Freaking awesome. The warm chocolate pie... I have no words!!!
Over priced and over spiced. Don't waste your time or money. Major disappointment.
Fantastic service, greeted immediately. Food was delicious. Pictures to follow.
Awesome, amazing, professional, personal. Need I say more? You just need to try it!
Perfect!  Great breakfast! No complaints!
Perfect for lunch. Fast n delicious.
If ur hungry Go elsewhere Food portions are very small Not worth the $$$
Elijah did an amazing job remodeling my pizzeria.
Poor service and out of products. The donut I did get was stale.
Opens at 6 am. Not busy and everything looked and smelled fresh.
Everyone is so nice. They have a positive team effort. Its nice. I love bagels.
Thank you for always brewing fresh coffee.
New management, with better quality of foods!
Waited a million years to be seated.
I absolutely love this place...the bartenders rock and the food is superb!
Great food. Great service the servers don't miss a beat!
Great food. Great service the servers don't miss a beat!
Best Tonkatsuya in Vegas! Must try the Katsu sandwich!!
Omg!  Their curry is the bomb!  The katsu rocks.
Simply best donkatsu I've had it so far :)
Amazing, light and delicious.  The pork katsu curry was to die for.
A little pricey for my budget, but well worth it!
Omg this place is the cutest little neighborhood joint.
Chicken marsala is amazing!! Best I've ever had. Coming back --- for sure
The Original Chopped Salad is the best.I recommend you try it.
The brussels sprouts over grits is a must!
Great food and service! !
The Conflagration Nation. One of my favorite bourbon/whiskey drinks ever. The glass is smoked with a Barbados pipe smoke first which makes it both olfactory and gustatory perfection.
Decent breakfast but low on flavor - chile quoiles sucked!
Busy during lunch. Service and food is ok. Nothing special. Waiters talk too much...
It not an expensive place but it's clean and prices are really good. Also, you get complimentary chips and salsa if u r dinning in.
I was looking for a new Mexican place and this was amazing. It's hidden, but it is so delicious!
The mole and the salsa verde were awesome! The owner was very nice.
Very good food. Quick and tasty.
Great authentic Mexican food. Their enchiladas were awesome.
They sell Fumi e juice and Fumi's rainbow is my new addiction!!
Do yourself a favor and avoid this location it is a disaster. So poorly managed, the manager is ill equipped and clearly doesn't belong managing anywhere. Literally food was not coming up being lost, huh. The owner/general manager needs to be present and or cooperate needs to step in.
Most disgusting pizza I've ever been served. Terrible.
Stellar saison, cool atmosphere
Love the build your own burger and wings!!!
I give it a second chance , the stout is superb .......
Only 5 stars because yelp doesn't have 6!
Taco Tuesday is delicious and cheap! Fries fried in duck fat...need I say more?
Awesome food and beer! Try the pull pork fries with beer cheese.
We finally got in!!!!
Great place. Delicious food and great beers.
Love everything I order here!
Great chapel! Wonderful ceremony and prices.
Wie der Name sagt: schlicht und einfach. Dennoch empfehlenswert, da man nicht auf den Geldbeutel schauen muss. Wir waren zufrieden.
Absolutely amazing! Great prices, very friendly staff deep and personal ceremony!
The greatest baristas ever!
Excellent food and beer. White fish delicious followed by stonefruit tartlet
The service was slow and the food was mediocre. Won't be back.
My back yard, nice close scenic hiking trails for all of the family to enjoy!
Best customer service I've had in years!!!
Best choice I made for my family.The wife ,daughter and son loves the gym .
Great hookah, friendly staff.
Great lemonade hotdogs cheesesticks chicken the new chile fries nice
Love it...Is now a goto for me.
This place wouldn't deliver to my home 5 mins down the road
Just another gym. Front desk was rude when I went to visit gym for first time.
No complaints from usNice clean and fastPicture is worth a thousand words
This is the Best pizza in Charlotte hands down
Very good food & serviceThe best pizza I've had in years
Best Aikibudo in Arizona
I received terrible service every time I went there They're just not very nice.
Absolutely magnificent. I love this place.
Wow... excellent service, no corkage fee and great food.
Delicious...some great apps/small plates along with incredible meats...a must try!!!
Jason was great and the food was superb!
Awesome meal! Will definitely return whenever I visit Vegas.
Amazing meats... Well priced and affordable... Totally recommend
Fantastic off strip dinner. Lovely environment. Amazing food!! Perfect
Great food ... Nice place to eat in Summerlin
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
Keep coming back. Amazing food. Melt in the mouth steak.
The pastries here are incredible! Definitely one of the best bakeries in Pittsburgh
5 stars just for the awesome muzak station they use!
Luis is great! Always friendly place to come have a great breakfast.
Has 2 drive thru but still slow on occasion.
Been there 3 times and service is horrible, there so slow.
Great food! Very unique and different! Bloody Mary's are great too!
Solid beer.  Worst service ever!!
Friendly staff, clean salon, my nails look great!
Always excellent food and wonderful service! Best ice tea around!
Thumb up UP !!!.美味しです。 優しくて可愛い女の子Jenny ^^
Food was good, but service was bad! No attention at all.
Service was great! Good food and affordable all you can eat $25 not bad for dinner.
Amazing!!! The sushi is fresh and the happy hour is even more fresh!
Decent food bad service. Waitress seemed to be in a bad mood
This place is awesome!!!
I had a hazelnut latte and blueberry scone. Delicious! Clean place friendly staff!
Amazing pulled pork sandwich!
I dont go here for the boba I go here for the boobi.....boba o_O courtney was really cool! Team courtney! I love you....I mean cafe teaze is cool
Awesomest Bobbas in Town.
Amazing teas and boba!!
They have the best coffee and the best service
Cute and pup friendly
Great, friendly place to work out.
Awesome food! Owner is great! He'll be happy to accommodate dietary restrictions!
Amazing food and an amazing price! Will be going weekly.
very simple and friendly place, the indian bread was different and good.
Awesome food!!! Highly recommend this place!!!!
Food here is always amazing. This is the only Indian restaurant that I will come to.
Biryani was tasteless  there was no salt at all very greecey . Meat was not cooked
Worst experience in food quality and taste!!
Stunning coffee in the burbs. Life saver.
If you are in the area, this is a must try! The food here is excellent.
The best one is red velvet or red velvet with strawberry glaze yum!
Great little find in Scottsdale
Excellent service and great atmosphere. Wide variety of breakfast choices
Great little find in Scottsdale
The best Indian food in the area. Period. My favorite chill spot.
Avoid this place. They took 45 min to get our food.
Great kebabs...adequate spice...would strongly recommend...ambience is good
As we all know Starbucks is the best. But this location has great customer service
Slowest drive thru ever. Doesn't matter if it's a weekend. They take forever.
Awesome night of karaoke with awesome friends! Can't wait til next time!
Fast and friendly!!! No rip offs here, just getting the job done. Ask for Trent!!
Fantastic service, cannot go wrong here !
As good as the AYCE sushi offerings in Wausau at half the price - and you serve yourself
This place is terrible! New owners or not still bad!
Nice staff and they let u try the flavors my favorite is the blue raspberry!
The burgers are outstanding! Can't wait to go back and try the wings and the pizza!
The waitress forgot about us.
Hamburgers are awesome!!
Good for with a decent offering for Happy Hour.
It's one of our favorite casual Mexican restaurants!
Funny staff! Friendly, efficient, cheap, and amazing food!!
Best sweet corn tamales ever!! Yummy!!
Fast service but foid just didn't wow me.
Delicious Middle East flavors for those on a lunchtime budget
Portion of food are small for the price, will not eat here again
Great FAST location inside Fry's Market. This Fry's has everything!
Excellent sushi. Great price. Excellent service. Nice decor
Yes, they do serve kirin and sake
WatchOut for the business rush!!
Fantastic experience. Highly recommended!
Quality great service fast and creative!
Best sushi in Phoenix! Sex in the City roll, Arizona roll &  Vegas roll all amazing.
Excellent food and great service. So glad this place re-opened!
Wonderful facial by Christina (Christine?) & massage by Gabriele!
Great seating in the back of the place!  Cute bookshelf wallpaper :)
Come in and strike up a convo, these folks know meat!
I don't say this lightly. We're very fortunate to have this place in Madison.
Went Thurs night. No wait, nice decor, fast & friendly service, great food!
Love getting my favorite teacher her Cafe Mocha from here! They never disappoint!!!
Food was very good, excellent service, kudos to the chefs..
Open 24 hours and has a drive thru. I just got lazier.
Best place I've been! Nice and quite room!
Little nervous about trying this place, but glad we did. Loved it
Excellent service see George for all your shutter needs you won't be disappointed
The salads were sufficient, but nothing special.
Sat for 2+ hours, got an app and then ignored, empty tables but wait at the door
Best tacos in Madison hands down!
The employees there are amazingly friendly! The food was super satisfying!
Best pizza in Waunakee, by far.
The Monaco-creme brûlée crepe was awesome... I will definitely come back for that!
Great bottle service in Las Vegas!
Is one of the best sushi places in the area
it's a nice place to live in and try it you will like it
So happy they opened up here!
Jimmy Johns is fast,fresh and good.
Hier gibts meine Lieblings Winegums
Sehr gutes Essen! Sehr schöner Innenhof! Gerne wieder!
Sehr schöne location mit perfektem Espresso.
Cool place... great loacation. Perfect for a quick yogurt fix.
I love burritos but these people take longer then a snake to fart.
The food here is top notch. Try the Thai fish.
Anna Brittain is complaining that the bread is soggy
Love love love Fili's! So good always!
There is no better pizza on the planet outside of Italy - these guys have it nailed!
Delicious!! Would highly recommend this restaurant. Loved everything!!!
This is a food truck and they are pretty popular. They are not in the same place everyday so if you ever need to find them or want to know when they will be near you follow them on face book. That's what I do :)
They serve Schlitz in a can!
The country fried chicken is amazing!
I love the food and great location. Awesome little breakfast spot.
Great service and food is always yummy
Great restaurant, here now enjoying our food, fresh very clean. Busy for a reason.
Great service, food was good, a lot of food for your money.
Good pizza.  Reasonable prices.   Good addition to the neighborhood.
Very clean and courteous. Kim has been taking care of my nails and feet for years
Great, affordable service! Anne is the BEST!
Best foot massage ever!
Dr. Roach and staff are wonderful. Keisha is an amazing groomer too! We love this place.
Great atmosphere!  Service is great and food is awesome.
Fast service, great pizza. Can't complain.
Party in your mouth goodness!
Great make your own pizza and salads...Fast friendly service! Kids love it too!
Love this place.  The Staff are extremely friendly and food is phenomenal.
Best eyebrow wax and shaping I ever had. Highly recommended  Toni, she's awesome!
Officially hooked on Roller Lash mascara! It works perfectly!
The biomat while getting a massage is my favorite part!
Horrible worst extensions I have ever had don't buy the groupon not worth it
Thanks Jeremy for excellent service and finding exactly what fits my needs!
Great place! Great service very nice environment
So friendly and helpful!!
So yum!!!!! Very cute family friendly place! One of my new favs!!
The best pure mexican food spot in Vegas by far and it's 24 hours.
Places like this need to be all around the city. Everything was great !
Yay! Finally some more Korean food options in Madison!
This place is terrible - told me $20 ended Up paying $60 & didn't even like em
Not the best gyros, but they are quick and open late on Saturday nights!
Friendly staff. Too friendly for me. Coffee is great and fast.
I love everything in this hotel. Food is amazing, service is great.
Great experience and good conversation.
Bravo, got to bypass taxi
Nice people and service but is not made for real coffee drinkers.
I love their chicken clubs with their secret sauce. I could eat that everyday swear
Horrible service and rude employees!!
Cute little play area for the kids!!!
The food here is real good. can't go wrong with this place on any dish.
Great service! Great Food! Love this place.
Hands down the best sushi in town! The freshest and tastiest sushi!
frickin awesome place.
Good portion lunch dish. Sashimi is thick and fresh. This is my new lunch spot
Went here twice in three days. It's THAT GOOD
Had chef tasting (omakase) twice here and amazed at the quality and value.  Service is fantastic and food is as good as anything you will get in the strip.
Best Sushi ever!!! And everyone makes you feel welcome! Want good sushi? Come here!
Good food, excellent service - very accommodating!
Amazing service. Great quality food and very  flavorful
Very fast and efficient for a quick lunch.  Very good and fresh sashima
Great lunch place! For 9$ you can't beat the taste and quality. Def coming again
Super good. Nice servers.
Among the best omakase I have ever had.
Love this place can't get enough. The wait is worth it. Trust me.
Best Hot wings I've had thus far for delivery!
They made baked eggs with braised short ribs. Outstanding
I love these girls here they have done a wonderful job each time I have been there
Absolutely love this place They do such a wonderful job.
Best divorce I ever got! Watch out for crack heads!
Amazing! Fresh, fast, delicious!! Love this place!!!
Great place! Very clean! Enjoyed my sopes with carne asada! Super yummy!
Very delicious food and great prices.
Seriously amazing food and staff. Reasonable prices and plenty of parking.
Great service, great quality and great prices.
Variety, family environment beautiful campus and centrally located.  Great staff
OUT of BusinessReally a shame as they had very good food.
I love this place!!!  The best salsa I have ever had!   Food is wonderful!!
Ask about their daily specials.
The baked potato I had for lunch was more exciting than this zip line.
Worth the cost!!! Do the Groupon with the Gopro!!!
Expensive and slow. The workers were not nice.
Wings are always really good here! Spicy BBQ is so good!
My new fav wing spot in Vegas!
The best seafood Ive had since being in the midwest
My favorite chicken wings by far!
Ordered from here tonight. It will be the last time
Love this place, people are like family, Tony & the crew has my business for life!
Josh is simply the best practitioner in Vegas.  If you need a tuneup or a serious adjustment josh has the skills and gameplan to restore you to health.
Top notch installations of pool fences and pool covers.
Very delicious Food, friendly staff, and quick takeout!
Very good!!!!!   Yellow curry, steamed veggies, and veggie fried rice = all tasty.
Excellent and sweet ladies.  Wife is gluten free and so far so good
Love this place! So good! Very friendly service.
I'd checkout downstairs seating. Upstairs offers a beautiful view of the bar. However, service turn around can be limited.
Timely, friendly, got the job done.
Good food,  good service,  what a hidden gem!
I love this place the only pasta I like better is my mom's home cooking :)
Ok. Get the grilled Mac and cheese and a bowl of chicken noodle soup. Heaven
Decent prices; great food; very friendly service... Great lunch spot
Julio and his team are amazing!!  Great service and great food.
Such a great restaurant! Great vibe, great food and even better people!
Bone in parm chop baby
Best meal in Las Vegas in recent memory. Great service - thank you, Georgio.
Was disappointed with the food and service, all I can say about this place is OK....
Normal, fama devido ao programa de tv. A sobremesa foi o melhor
I was very impressed. Great food and good service.
Great food!! Chicken Marsala is a must try.
Awesome experience !! Check out groupon for an awesome deal!
The staff is awesome!
Great time with excellent service!!  Thank you Dave and Ursell!!
Awesome experience!!! Friendly staff. Great view of the strip. Good fun!
Leur Chocolat chaud est parfait ainsi que leur café Latte un délice
When it comes to hair... Adam is the bomb!
He's a amazing hair stylist
Miscommunication on their part, hence the 4*. Otherwise very professional.
They have wonderful service and food is delicious.
Excellent menu selection, delicious food, somewhat of a wait.
Just tried to go there this morning.  Looks like it's closed... Permanently.
Great place to bring your kids
Very good and healthy
Love pita pit for a fresh and quick lunch
Easy parking, killer menu, delicious juice juices, friendly service.
Quite possibly the French Onion soup I've ever had!
Great portions, small but on point menu. Definitely a return place.
It was quite good but 12.00 for an omelette no toast or side was a little shocking.
Great food and service!!
Great food and service. Food was fresh and awesome. Perfect portion size.
Came for breakfast...amazing!
Delish! Great place for breakfast! One of my new favorites in Vegas....
Great breakfast place Love the skillet egg options Great ambiance and very clean
Great food... Great people. I have been here several times and never disappointed.
Deeeelish! And service is so friendly :) Our new favorite place.
Best place for bowls and burritos. Try the coconut bark for dessert.
Always great service and food. Love it :) go try it.
Always great customer service and the food is on point.
Amazing job! I will definitely be back.
Great Won Ton Soup + Fast delivery service:)
Great food for the NW Valley and awesome happy hour deals!
This place has gotten better than before. The breakfast is one of the best around!
Our new local Bar! Jill the bartender is awesome!
Went last night, amazing food and service, we'll be back often
Great food and atmosphere!
Food is solid and service it's very good. Enjoyed the atmosphere and beverages
Piss poor communication. Open at 8am but still not answering the phone at noon.
awfully service in my life never seen a worst waiter and cook
Always great consistent quality - a little pricy but the atmosphere is worth it.
Good food. Good people. Good drinks. Good balls. Absolutely love this place.
There are a lot of hookah lounges out here, but this is one of the biggest with a dj
Food is nothing resembling persian food. It isn't good and the place is really run down.
Really friendly hostess, subpar food. Not a very clean looking place.
Great. Staff are super nice, facilities are great, place is clean.Thank you!
Great beer selection & sassy bartenders. What more could you ask for?!
Does great job and takes time! Very recommended. Especially great at gel nails.
This nail salon does great pedicures and nail services very clean and friendly too!!
The Thrillist is the greatest vegan thing EVER!
Very nice place and great customer service for a great price!
This place has macaroons!!! Enough said! Can't wait to go back!
Wow. These guys are seriously friendly! I have like 4 different menus to take back to work
Good stuff ...was fast and fresh
Great sushi happy hour! Awesome miso soup! I loved the volcano roll OMG!
Real good sashimi, sushi, and wraps! Delicious
Favorite low key sushi place in Scottsdale. Never had a bad experience
Great company, always on call and ready to help you or your loved one in need.
Great food, staff and atmosphere! We had our local lunch club here and it was great!
Margherita pizza. Great crust, crunchy yet chewy. Sauce has a nice sweetness to it.
Just stumbled upon this place and so happy I did! The pizza was delicious!
Great chicken parm. tonight, they forgot my side Caesar though.
Excellent! Spicy chicken burrito was a big hit at SEMA.
Gluten-free buckwheat crepes
Best Event planning service in all phoenix!!!
Meatballs in a cup are bomb. The spicy meat sauce and Parmesan cream are amazing.
Meatballs in a cup are bomb. The spicy meat sauce and Parmesan cream are amazing.
Easy to get to from Russell road.   The staff is friendly and the place is clean.
Went for the 1st time and the service was very slow. Crabcake appetizer came out late because they burnt it. On top of that my father's burger was extremely overcooked and tasted extremely salty. The fries were also re-cooked. We had two glasses of wine and a beer and the total of all three drinks was $29. A little pricey for a sports bar in Pittsburgh if you ask me. Also the communication between the manager and the servers was poor. Nice atmosphere but overpriced and average food.
This is one of the best Shawrma place ever.
Great food, fresh, good service, clean, ample parking.
great service with great food .... love their Tuna tacos and desserts!!!
Best sushi I have had since moving to vegas!
Love love love this place.
Great location.  Food is consistent.  For the money not bad.
Absolutely Vile.  Cranky service and prison quality food.Avoid.
Good coffee, and great bagel sandwiches.
Fun beer selection and not crowded.
Awsome place, hip and unique! Absolutely recommend it.
The best food and service! First time here!! and it's nice and clean.
Marielle said it all. Very unprofessional.
He did our family and baby photos. Has great ideas and pictures were beautiful!
They now have happy hour, it's an added bonus!
This location is permanently closed!!! So sad!!!
They do sell out of items on a regular basis.  Call ahead if your looking for something particular.
Used to be good now not so much overpriced
The weather is beautiful! The food is amazing!
This place is the best! Kudos to Greg, the owner! Cheers!
Great bar with a great selection! Small place but its cozy. Cool atmosphere.
Over charged my credit card.. Driver was rude..  Horrible costumer service
Get ready to pay 2 times any normal Starbuck.
Very nice service and great food. Especially bingsoo was awesome!
Local coffee shop with great drink options an asian dessert options.
Best Coffee House in Vegas thus far!!Try their pistachio latte it's to die for!
Another great place recommended by fellow Yelpers!
Fantastic deep dish pizza!  Very cheesy and great pomodoro sauce!
Awesome I used them before future business for sure
Service is ridiculously fast.  Power outlets under many of the booth chairs.  Free ad supported Boingo Internet.  Good selections for Vegetarians - including veggie burger option
Wonderful movers would higher agen moved everything in with respect
TSA agent just called me Mofo!
Très bof déçue par les sandwich et soupes. Trop cher pour ce que cest
I posted a photo of the VLT sandwich. At $9 a pop, I definitely won't be going back.
Live close by....this place is awesome!!!!
Cool zipline, only $20.00. The stop was pretty rough, but still cool to do.
Had a great time. Not too scary so it's great for 1st timers.
Still my favorite sushi place in Vegas!
I loved the service her they are kind to children and attentive. We had the Korean BBQ bulgogi, the Aria Roll, supa spider roll, Vegas roll, and the pink lady...2 orders of gyoza steamed and fried. So delicious this is our second trip here.
I can go back just for the kimchi fried rice.  It was so bomb.
Happy Mother's Day is celebrated better with great and accommodating staff serving
Nice lounge, friendly people, and great cigars.
Best vape shop I have ever been to. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful.
Amazing breakfast... amazing service.... best place to go
Steve is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We love it here!
Clean and friendly staff!!! Food is always fresh and delicious!!
Excellent food and service! A wonderful addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene.
Great Burger, great service! Kids loved the custard.
Food Quality is excellent. Taste is uncomparably delicious.
Great burger for a great value!
Yummy fresh dumplings
Best barber I've had in Vegas. Jimmy's the man.
Best barber around. You will love this place.
Best cut I've had. Do yourself a favor and see Jimmy. Great job.
Excellent auto service!!You can bet you will not be taken advantage of!!I know because I know the man that ran this business!He's got an awesome crew!!
You want a tattoo?   Go see Boston, great tattoo artist...
Best chicken fingers I ever had!
Great food! Awesome customer service.
Great store and love the expanded furniture areas! So glad to find the new location.
Pulling acrylic tips off is unacceptable.
Great food. Real value for money. Amazing staff and mouth watering food..
Excellent food and dining with friendly and courteous staff.
Service was great! Food was either bland or too salty. Sangria is tasty.
Food was cold and not true Spanish tapas. Would never go back even with a Groupon.
wow...just wow.....never again! !!
Very legit and authentic Mexican food.
Best Mexican Food in Pittsburgh! Great staff. Always friendly.
Great staff and great bargains
Great food, awesome service!
Located inside Frys Grocery Store
Super fun! They did a great job!
Nothing special in terms of food.  Nice atmosphere for happy hour.
Drinks were good, atmosphere was good, but the "general manager" was a smug, condescending, entitled nightmare! I was with a big group and we simply pointed out the lack of service and he was very immature and unapologetic in his reaction.  Major disappointment.
Pretty tasty cheesy jalapeño
Very friendly and the Dole Whip Float was delicious
Best BBQ ever. Love it all. I follow him around the city to get his food.
Give them a chance it's newly open, may be food will get better. Service was great
Horrible flavorless Ramen I would not eat here again if it was free!!!!! Beware
I like the bacon egg and cheese sandwich in the morning from here. Not greasy and ya it's microwaved- but what's not in this terminal?
Outstanding customer service.    Awesome juice flavor and price.   Highly recommend.
Great service. I will be calling Ryan again.
Great food, great ber and most of all great entertainment. Love it....
Great place, great staff, great food.
Clean, great prices and FRESH.
Opening hoursTue - Thu = 10:00 AM - 8:30 PMFri - Sun = 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM Mon = closed
Super good pho. Nice little restaurant.
I can never give Chick Fil A lower than 5 stars.
Bon resto mais pas exceptionnel , bon service mais cher pour la qualité des plats.
Awesome place! Love sitting on the patio. :-)
If you like pizza pockets with flavor and different meats This is your place.
love love it!!yummy for our tummy!!!everything on the menu is delicious !
Polite and he knows what he is doing! I am definitely going back!
Great atmosphere and great food!
Best nachos ive ever had
Amazing spot! Live music and more. Easy access and a lot of fun
Great atmosphere!  Awesome drinks! Killer burgers!  Ask for Sylvia she is da' bomb!
Way overpriced, mediocre food with apathetic service.
Delicious food and great service
Amazing "roadhouse"food!
The food and service here is amazing.  The best bbq pork and beef nachos are here!
Clean and Modern office with a very nice staff. I enjoyed my experience
Get on the list and shop for 20 min in the strip mall on sat and Sundays. After 130pm it slows down
Best bananas foster pancakes! Friendly service and great food!
This place is awesome. Food is delicious. Its a ma and pop feel. Great service
Pretty tasty....great portions.  I would eat there again for sure.
Girls night, happy hour and shareable food(;
Awesome place! Lauren is the best! Great service!
Sugar factory was great! Our waitress Nessa was so sweet!!!
Very tasty!! Great atmosphere and treats! Our service was excellent. .
Delicious! White chocolate coconut frozen hot chocolate was to die for!
Great service yummy food !!!
Wear something you don't mind getting messy.
Great service! Food was great! Everyone was awesome will defiantly be back
Great food, fair prices and great customer service, this place is perfect
These Guys Were Soooooo Bomb I Would Definitely Come Here Again !!!!
Great food Service is ok I frequently dine at this location
my all time fave resto.price is okay.servers are okay.
The Worst PEDICURE Of My life. My 11 year old daughter gives a better pedicure.
Food was fantastic!! Burger was the best I. HAVE had in Charlotte
Love! Love! Love!  Best hamburger and sweet tea ever!  Great staff too!
Brilliant. Really took care of our 5 and 6 year old kids. Food was excellent
I love it! Good service and the sushi is soooo good. Worth the extra $$$
Solid Food but just have to wait for a long time when there's people before you
Simply stated......Perfection!
Never again so many things wrong with this place
1. Kimchi salsa2. Bulgogi burrito3. Go!
Thank god they opened one on the sw part of town. We love everything on the menu!
First time here, service was good and fast, food was excellent.
This barbershop is horrible they say they close at 9pm it was 7:43pm when I walked in and they said they're closed 2 barbers were there and said "I'm done" bad business don't come here. Piece of shit ass business
So awesome! Such a unique night! You will be stimulated with awe the whole time!
Literally the best club I have ever been too. Ever!
Excellent food, yummy custard, amazing service.
Very professional service and reasonable.  Tags gone in a flash‼
Morning shift people are great...... always have my orders on time...
Awesome! Love this place! My lashes always come out amazing!!!!
Great service. Beautiful job
Love this place and service is always excellent! Always chill when I come in!
Love getting my lashes done at gorgeous lash lounge. Ofelia did a great job
Awesome place! Love my lashes :)
Very professional and my lashes always look amazing!!!
Great tasty food at reasonable pricesTry the chicken Swarma  much delicious
Awesome sub and polite quick service today! Will take this over subway any day.
Good food.  Good service.  Nice lunch menu.
Love the buffet, the service, location, and atmosphere
Great staff, best salsa I've had.  All around good people and good food
They make great pizza and it's very tasty!
I really like it. Glad you guys are here for the holidays!
Great food and service! Would highly recommend.
Food was pretty good for the price, and drinks for 5 bucks?  Awesome
Awesome food and great prices
Protein, protein, protein!!!  I love the chicken here
Very nice employees and good food would love to go again :)
Was not impressed and I love curry!
They will always take time and take care of you.
6 to 7 hours to have the auto butler service done, this place sucks!
Call a head for quick pick up. $1 draft beer on Wednesday.
The Caesar salad and lobster ravioli is to die for! We will definitely be back!!
Love the pizza!  Live music nights are great!
Johns awesome went to junkyard got part rebuilt it for same price he rocks
Great place.  Highly recommend. Friendly people.   Great food and excellent lay out.
Amazing gluten-free breakfast joint.  A must-go!!
I tried the special omelette and my wife had the taco Omelette both underwhelming
Fabulous biscuits and gravy - enjoyed every bite!
Recommended!!!! It is not a huge one, but a really really sweet chapel!!!
Came back the very next day. I will be craving the Guru burger for weeks.
Must try: # Tiff's Waffle Macchiato! Yummy coffee. Nice people.
Amazing food and great service!
Great service, a hidden gem inside Partells pharmacy, love the wheat grass juice.
This business is closed now.
Great food, service and atmosphere.
Very good fries!!!!!!A knock off on the in & out burger
Great burgers !! Love the ketchup bar, different flavor for every burger bite :)
Worst service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great place. Good food. Coming back. Had black beans salad & pulled pork sandwich.
Awesome service, delicious food, & yummy Thai Tea!
Love the food! Delicous, would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
Finally a Starbucks on my way to work. It's inside Frys Marketplace.
Worst service I have ever received in my life. Will not ever be going back.
Wasn't bad but wasn't impressed either. Their sweet potatoes could use some help.
This place is great! They give you so much food. Good southern comfort food.
Sat at the bar and had great service! Food was great!
Pimento cheese and Bloody Marys may be the best in Charlotte!
Kim is so sweet and my nails turned out exactly how I wanted.
April is amazing and my critters love her. Highly recommend her.
Unorganized, understaffed, over rated, enough said
Some good home finger lickin good food that hits the spot!
Good for late night dining
GHETTO! Don't say I didn't warn you.
Not to impressed with the shuttle to the resort.
Not to impressed with the shuttle to the resort.
Beware...it is a ghost town here
Bad!!!!!!!  Horrible!!!!
Hands down, my FAVORITE place to eat lunch downtown.
Best tacos ever! The service was great and its very clean!
Awesome. Just like chipolte but better 6 different marinated meats
Amazing! Food and customer service are wonderful
Service ok. Carré d'agneau excellent. Risotto au homard correct
Horrible. Go to Willy Ty's.
Nice ambience and good food.. Courteous staff.. Falafel is very tasty..
Love love love!! Words cannot express my satisfaction with this place.
Everything is amazing.  Favorite is the pork ramen..
Shrimps with trifecta sauce is the best!
Great atmosphere!  Food is even better. Best place in town to get seafood
Prepare to get messy!
This place is amazing! I'd eat here once a week if I could.
Best seafood in Arizona! I always get the pound of headless shrimp trifecta.
It was amazing and the food is fresh but its a little on the pricy side
Awesome food!  Great service!!  Thank you Eric!
A+++++ service and food is great. Best filipino food in town.
OMG AMAZING! They expanded their menu and its bomb.com!!!
Daura Damm GF beer available
Ill give them a second chance. It was just a bad night!!
Best Mexican in Las Vegas. Been going there for years. We love the service and food.
The food was amazing, service was also amazing definitely recommend it
Mmmmmmm....  The best!  Never disappointed!
Food was great and soWas the service! Great quality and would highly recommend it!
I love this  place !!!!
Clean efficient processes. Kind friendly staff.
Really like their Pho.  Vegetarian .  Luncheon specials great!
We live in  Glendale and was excited to go here. Akward small salsa bar. No one greeted us as we came in. Self seating I assume. Who works here? No uniforms.  Nasty standing water by salsa bar. This food better be good!
I would say taco shop is a misnomer.
This is my favorite boba place. Parking is kinda a pain sometimes.
Best spot to hit up in Downtown. Good food and a fun atmosphere for the whole family. Even adults can go on the slides ;) go go go!
The dessert is really good out here
Fun place for the family.
This place is cool. Nice places to eat and a super place for kids to play.
AL PASTOR with the hottest sauce they have, CORN ON THE COB and horchata to wash it down. Bomb! ~Fin~
Sit upstairs for a view - they'll bring the food up there. -:)
Nice break from the overpriced strip.  Great food, service, and margaritas!
Great food with lots of traditional flavors!
This place is now closed.
great place for kids!! but don't come after a 5k cause its crazy busy!!
The loaded potato was amazing! And the sweet tea was really good.
Friendly Staff, Good Music and Great Food
Mmmm great burgers frys n omelets
Amazing!  Thats the best brisket I have ever had!
Best russian restaurant in Vegas. Extremely clean place and food was amazing!!
Tasty food, polite and solicitous service.
Authentic chinese food. Good price too. We will be back. 推荐皮蛋瘦肉粥。。
Csme for some rice and chicken with ginger sauce!
Good stuff! Swabeng busog! Masarap! Kaya kumain na kayo dito!
Super flavors. Nice people. Check it out.
super fast delivery- delicious food, awesome!
Very good and fresh food
Amazing sushi and the pad thai was WOW I almost cried it was So good!! :)
Come for the mille feuilles gelato!
The best pistachio ice cream in montreal...I always go there just for that...
Great customer service and the ice cream is delicious!!!
Great class! GREAT FOOD! Learned a bunch. Great resource.
Everything I try here is great!
Dopest dope I have ever smoked
Awesome vape shop. Friendly staff. Always a great experience.
Great customer service and great juice to choose from.
Rhonda was great!!!! Thanks for the recommendations!!!
Looking for good tacos? Then look elsewhere. The meat is bland and very dry, the fish & chicken, super bland.
A go to favorite. Never disappointed always happy with service and meals.
Love this place never have had a bad meal yet and the service is just as good
Love love! The food is always fabulous and the service is great. Love it
Very good service. Excellent food
Fantastic vegan food! Great customer service!
Good sliders. ... Roasted Cornish hen pretty tasty.
Great decor, great service, GREAT FOOD. Best dining experience I've in Vegas.
Amazing items! Beautifully curated! Unbelievable prices!
Good looking classic gym. I'm going to have to go back and try their classes out.
The place is very small.
WOW! This restaurant is gorgeous!
Good service & unique menu. Worth checking it out.
Nice decor. Super sloooooooow service.  Food was overpriced and "eh".
This place not only has great food but a real friendly staff.  We need to eat here more often.
This place is great! Great food and sexy service!
The HaloHalo is amazing!
Halo-halo! Seriously!! My son really liked his mango Popsicle too.
So yummy! Decently priced and everyone is so nice. Perfect for a warm Vegas day.
Love this place. Everything is perfect during the summer.
Super friendly and really good!
Excellent petit restaurant sud américain. Les plats sont copieux et goûteux.
The best ever. Had a lot of massages but this one is the best
Very first time here and absolutely loved it.
AMAZING STYLISTS! Great gift certificate specials for the Month of October!
You have to bag your own groceries, but they do have paper bags!
Great work, fixed my tattoo an loved it.. thanks Chris..
Sandwiches are ok for the price you pay they could be better.
Great customer service!!!
Food is amazing. Had some sort of sausage, eggplant roll and soup dumplings.
Max is the bomb! Best server ever!!
Ohh why do you always forget my chick-fil-a sauce. You batting .200 with my chick-Fil sauce. I love it so and you always forget. You say "Chris why don't you just look in the bag" because I got looked in my eye by the man with the tie and he said "yes" it's in the bag. It's never in the bag. I munch my fries and chicken club with such sadness when u forget my chick-fil-a sauce. It's all I can think about in my ride home. I say to myself "I bet they forgot my sauce" Waaaaaa
Friendly and welcoming!  Did a great job!
Clean awesome staff recommend this place
The 'chicken' nacho plate... Mmmmm!
Always fantastic and exciting :)
I had the Asian tacos and key lime cheesecake. Out of this world good!!!
DO NOT EVER order from here. I can't believe this place is even in business
I know how to operate a street
so delucious !!! I love Thai Beef Salad&Thai coconut soup in this restauranti ll be back agian
Great place for Saturday night dinner.
Delicious & affordable. And the staff were very pleasant.
Amazing coffee and lattes! The blueberry muffin is a must!
Real espresso macchiato !
Good dancers and original theme!
Amazing pizza and salad.  Great service, fast and delicious!!!
Great pizza and good service.
Very good pizza very busy spot
I love the purple machines.
It's not a buffet anymore.... Won't be going to this place anymore... :(
Good sushi! Cheap nights on Tuesday's
Great NY style bagels
Great customer service and very nice atmosphere
Great pizza, great pretzels, awesome atmosphere.
Fun atmosphere and good service!  Definitely a place to try out when in Charlotte.
Great pizza and some super beers
5 star location & ambiance3 star food..
Always find what i want have good deals and prices not too bad. Great service
The hotel staff is very rude. Not satisfied with the service at all.
Run don't walk to this restaurant!  Can't wait to try it for brunch and dinner.
Everything I've ordered from this place is delicious and perfectly prepared.
Sweet and sour chicken was horrible.
Quick, fresh and we'll served. Nice place to stop in for a quick dinner.
Wonderful Italian ice !! I love the root beer ! Yummy and cute inside !! Bring the kids sample are free !! It's a fun place !! Thanks Joes for coming to the valley of the sun
Fast delivery and its Pizza Hut the kids love it.
My favorite Dutch Bros location.
Love their iced tea! Way better than Starbucks and great customer service!
This is a super cool place :) staff is cool beer is legit!
Jayson is awesome!! Very assertive!!
Amazing! Food was great, the chef came out and greeted us everything was delicious!
The absolute place for wine downtown. Love the paninis too.
Definitely like the vibe i got the pilsner laguintas draught beer
Nothing but a bunch of 70pt Scotches here..
I love this place ... The Pasta is Great!!! One of the best I ever had...
Delicious food. Friendly staff! Great service.
Food is overpriced and not very good. Atmosphere is cafeteria like.
Lobster ravioli was delish! Will be back to try more!!
Best food ever!!  Authentic Italian. Made to order.  Each meal.
25 min wait for a sandwich on a thursday night...and the food is average at best :(
This place needs to be shut down. No parking no catering food quality is very bad.
Amazing brunch, great atmosphere and fantastic service.
Best Burger ever !!! Very juicy , buns were soft . My type of burger .
Great food, Great service, Great prices.
Great food. Like the atmosphere and service. Fish n chips are very good
Beautiful flowers arranged by Lisa, I highly recommended Tatum Flowers
STAY AWAY from this place.
Impeccable service and the food was great.
Kayla takes great care of me. She is so kind and friendly. She does an amazing work!
Kayla takes great care of me. She is so kind and friendly. She does an amazing work!
Great service and good vibes. Esmeralda is beautiful and great food: )
2 words.  food poisoning
Great little place, good service and food. An awesome early bird special before 9am
Great food and tons of beer options.  A must stop.
Burger was great. The beer selection is incredible! Try the loaded potato chips too!
GREAT BURGERS!!! Mr Brews never ceases to amaze me! I get my food quick and there's always a great selection of beer to choose from. I love the fresh cut fries tossed in cajun seasoning with a side of ranch to dip it in.
I won't be going back. The food was ok and over priced.
Very professional and an awesome tattoo artist! Thanks Alex!
I've ate here twice with my boyfriend and the gyros are yummy
Great home made and hand made French food. Everything is amazing. Such a great find.
Friendly staff, great location, always clean and coffee and food tastes great!
Small menu selection but the food is great!!
Employees are professional and friendly. Food is decent and orders are done quickly.
Best. Gym. Ever. Seriously, you will get a great workout here.
Great food! Average prices. Yum!!
Nice park with tons of activities within a fun safe environment!
Went with my Portuguese friend. He was very happy.  Great lingusa  and beef
Excellent service, really good food, nicer style decor. Safe bet on quality food.
Lovely service and food. Neighborhood gem
Had to have a infusion done here and the nurse was great and friendly
Nice food. Their Garnic naan is good.
Excellent lunch buffet.
It has Delicious and cheap food!
Yes LORD! The buffet is amazing!!!
Great sports bar. Lots of tv's, leather couches and nice bartenders!
Great food.. Great service. Friendly staff. The teriyaki bowl is superb.
Great location.  Great food.  We enjoy going there!!!!
The taco plate was sublime!  Great atmosphere, nice people
Open till 2:00 am for you drunkies or concert goers
Worst service and poutine in the universe.
Very slow 8 minutes to get 3 dogs.  Barely warm chili and dogs.   Go somewhere else.
Excellent place to get a great hot dog.
Great selection of quality dogs and fantastic onion rings
Great selection of quality dogs and fantastic onion rings
Hope your not in a hurry.
Nice original merchandise for the advance minds.
The worst and rudest services I have ever had in the US.
You pick a cup and you fill it up with your favorite alcoholic or non-alcoholic frozen beverage!
Nice, cool and open! Great selection of tequila if that's your thing!
Try them on Tuesday block party @ LINQ.  Get 1/2 off tacos and 2 for 1 Margaritas.
Christina was my server and she was great! Will definitely be back!
Taco Tuesday!! $3 tacos! All are tasty! Drinks are good too. Service was awesome!!
4 stars for the food 5 for the amazing service Christina provided!!
Was really good food would come back.
Go see Masi at this place.  Follow his recommendations and you can't go wrong!
The elote was good. Their food has flavor. I would go back.
Christina was amazing, so nice and attentive!
Awesome show done by Brittany
Great show! Yes she does lip sync but the experience alone is worth it!
Great place to start the morning! Amazing lattes and Acai bowls!
$10 for a smoothie? Ha ha! I guess I won't ever find out how good they are.
Quick easy never have to wait. Place is clean and staff friendly!
Always does a great job.
This place is the bomb! Great people, great flavors!
There are legit beer pong tables!!
I love the vibe here. Virgin at craps and did awesome! They had a live band.
Employees are rude, slow and indifferent.
Fun atmosphere. Definitely the place to be on mill.
Sam was an AMAZING waitress! Can't wait to come back & see her :)
This place is great. I always get my nails done here
Awesome pedis!!! Will def be back!!!
This place is cool. Very relaxed and they go the extra mile to make you feel great.
awesome customer service!
Great time. They were fast and courteous and the kids loved the slushies!
Best jerky hands down. I love their vegan options too!
Very nice place the associate is very nice
Have been here for 45 min!!!! Still no pizza!
They have the Clover brewed coffees!
Love this Starbucks. Always consistent and friendly service. Vibrant atmosphere.
All their beer is great! Definitely try the Haboob Black IPA!
One of the worst Pizza Huts in the USA.
Very cool store! Very friendly and awesome people!!
Angela was so amazing!
Drinks  and  Boba are delicious
Super salty Singapore noodles.
Fantastic meal last night . Good atmosphere . Sweet pot was great .
Great staff. Very chill. Delicious food.
Good snacks good drinks. Slow and not very friendly service..
No longer called Koi, has changed name to Sumo (and their weekend happy hour is no more.)
Best club in Scottsdale by far! Hot staff, good music, fun parties
Lunch buffet is the way to go. Lots of options, and only $10 each.
Not Bad First Experience And I Will Be back. Went back and had a similarly good experience.   Unlike some of the other posters... I didn't see anything really a spectacular and their location is unfortunate,  but the decor is nice and staff friendly and then food at least as good or better than other Indian I've had in Madison
Pretty slow service. Food is also not great. Won't come again.
Food was okay...little too salty and it takes a long time to get order.
If your wanting a bloody mary before 10am go to Fuzzys.
Awesome vape shop. Love these guys. I won't go anywhere else for my vaping needs.
Great service and good food!! Reasonably priced!! ;)
Great food and price. Sat outside and it was a great view. Can't wait to go back.
Jerk pasta was spicy and delicious! Love this hidden gem.
Very detailed. Extremely happy with service.
Out of business sign. Closed. :(
Great atmosphere. Great price, great salsa
Loved the friendly staff. Food was great.
First time here and not the last. The corn was Amazing can't wait to return for more
Love, love, love this place!Never a bad time or meal!!
Best and sweetest staff ever. Love the day shift crew. Rock on
my favorite is the mocha frappe with whipped cream
Spectacular and fresh! check it out!
A great combination of Chinese culture!Really love it!
Great show, it kept going and you wish it would never end!
Very professional two man team! So far so good! Pick up of my piano went swimmingly.
Competes with Krispy creme, the blueberry cake donut was deeelicious
Great donuts and the ham and cheese with jalapeños croissant were great too!
Drive thru is slow... don't stop if you are short on time.
So friendly and the most delicious tacos I have ever had! I cannot wait to go back!
What a hidden gem! Great service, casual atmosphere and cooks who understand vegan!
I'm English. So I'm qualified to when I say "yes, yes,yes!"
Great food great atmosphere.
Good selection of craft beer that compliments the food. Nice calm atmosphere.
Now serving beer and margaritas!! Menu on the weekends and gotta get the flan!!
Amazing shrimp burrito. Everything in it was so fresh.
Best taco salad in town!  Staff/owners are super friendly.
Tasty Mexican meat. They know how to cook flavor into meat.
Excellent crispy big slices. Just what you need when you need pizza
Pizza is the bomb! Located by PH, slices are huge and open late!
now open. sat & sun 10-6. yeah!!!!!
The filets are perfect. Staff are prompt and has a very comfortable atmosphere.
Great place for happy hour and meeting up friends.  Must try the Primetime Margarita
Holy Cow!!!! This has to be one of the best burger I have ever at. So much flavor,So juicy,, the sauce choice is great and are simply delicious!!! hands down this place is a must go!!! GREAT WORK KEEP IT UP!
Great pizza. Tried the New York pizza and loved it
Came here for lunch Togo. Service was quick. Staff was friendly. No complaints here.
Came here for lunch Togo. Service was quick. Staff was friendly. No complaints here.
Love how they did my eyebrow  waxing... great job, thank you
Once again Helen at Vera's has outdone herself. My Halloween Pedi.
Perfect service and incredible food at Le Serpent
Best service. Best product. Best lounge!
Great location! Great staff! Great prices!
Great place. Only one other couple there. Impressive table chef !
I just found this place and love it!!
Mark fixed my windshield perfectly!  Extremely fast and great customer service!!
Thanks your work is perfection
Excellent Korean food and atmosphere with K-Pop playing in the background.
Yes, the best of #mtl #Montréal #breadporn
Very friendly service and a huge selection of flavors! I recommend the Cactus Juice.
Great place very helpful just starting out explained everything I needed to know.
Randie thanks for the awesome haircut!!! I highly recommend Randie.
Ali is amazing! Very Professional. I highly recommend you see her!
Do not go here. Waste of space. Shitty staff, shitty product.
Had bomb ass Oxtail Pho..  Best Pho in town.   Atmosphere is trendy and hip.
You have to try the lobster pho!
The fish tacos are tiny. The atmosphere is good and the service is good.
Awesome combination of Vietnamese food and American dining style
Oh hell yeah....  off the hook with Surf & Turf Pho....
Great food, great service, nicely decorated clean restaraunt.  A+
Amazing food, phenomenal service, very clean and modern ambiance.
Bartender was quite knowledgable and helped me get a terrific wine. Nice ambiance.
Great food great service.  Strongly recommend the pretzel fondue
Absolutely love the music and the food.  Real Mexican food with a great environment.
Rib eye tacos are great!
Great pizza like back east.
Don't come here hungry for breakfast
Best place to get wonderful donuts!
You MUST try the buratta and the grapefruit beer... To DIE!!
This place was awesome super chill and the bartender Chris was great
Easily the best BBQ in Phoenix.
Simply the best in Phoenix.  End of argument.
Wow....I couldn't feel my legs after I ate the fatty brisket...it was awesome ...
Ditto.  To what ever anybody else said..
Worth the hype and wait!
Wow. It's a must try in Phoenix.
Awesome FoodAwesome ExperienceBest food I've eaten on this quick vacation to AZ
No words other than AMAZING.
Little Miss is da bomb baby!! Each and every item on the menu is delicious!!
Absolutely amazing the best BBQ I've ever had and I'm fat I should know!
The best bbq brisket, sausage and beans in town.
Great but be prepared to wait. The service is extremely friendly and top notch.
Best BBQ ever! Well worth the wait!
Best beef brisket ever! Great grits and baked beans. Very friendly staff
Best BBQ ever! Go early before they run out.
Fab gluten free options and great non-standard vegetarian options
Great for spring training post game
Great tacos open air new location lots of fun and action. Great place to hang.
The service was awesome, food was great, and management is just great!!
Had the steak and lobster. It was all cooked perfect and tastes outstanding.
I like to order and pay online. It's ready when I get there 5 minutes later.
Delicious barbecue food and good prices. Get the fries and try the ribs!
This place is lit. Dank food.
Love the cafe. Serves Starbucks. Affordable. Great location.
Tres belle place! Bon café, bonne bouffe, bonne ambiance!
Very good bbq brisket and beans here. Nice place.
Worth the stop if you head up to Phoenix
Great sushi for the all you can eat price!   Nice people and ambience!
We love eating here, but please make sure to take a good, long look at your bill before you pay!! We have been charged the dinner price during lunch time on two occasions now! The first time we did not realize and left wondering why our bill was so big. Yesterday we finally caught on. Really disappointed to see that they did that to us. We left feeling a bit betrayed. But regardless, we love the food here. We'll just have to be extra cautious next time we come back!
The all you can eat sushi is a great deal for only $25.95!!
Fuck dude this place is so dank!
Simply the best spot for sushi
Great prices, good sushi and a quiet comfy atmosphere! Would definitely come again
Best salon.... Lisa did a great job
Best services, very friendly staff. Clean and professional job. Must check it out.
Best nail salon in town!!  Try mood nail polish.
This place is great. Crablegs for $11.99!!! Great drinks! Inexpensive and good food!
Love the food esp the Jerk chicken wrap!! Im addicted
Chicken awesome...service less than stellar but worth tolerating for those wings!
Awesome attitude and quick eats!
Best sandwich joint in town hands down!
The Patty is my absolute favorite. Order from these guys at least once a week!
All i can say is that its simply amazing!!!!
If you like pork, two words. EL PIG! And if you don't like pork try it anyways!
The staff was super helpful and the juices were amazing love the orange apple ginger
Great show. My 16 year old Elvis fan LOVED it!
Awesome place to be !! Highly recommended !!
Got my henna tattoo here, the owner is very sweet and loved the work she did.
She is always very friendly and does an excellent job, everytime!
Have yet to have a bad experience here a great office with great staff !
Have yet to have a bad experience here a great office with great staff !
Great place!!! Fantastic atmosphere!!! Food is also very good!
This place is smelly!
Best frozennn drinksss in the MGM better than the rest and the refills are way cheap
Awesome!!!!! Love the favors and the deals
Better than nothing...  The food choices at Mandalay Bay suck.
Excellent Sushi. Fresh and friendly staff. Good value for AYCE.
Yoshi roll.... the bOMB!!!
She is informative and helpful.   Goes above and beyond
The atmosphere is great. The products that they use are high quality. Everyone is very friendly.
Best pedicure I have ever had, hands down. She massaged my feet for 30 minutes!
pure awesomeness!!!!!
Order more well done as they trend toward undercooked...
Not Bad. Over priced. Will not go back.
Ten bucks or so will feed you. Delicious burger, expert service.
Great burgers!!! Inexpensive compared to the other places on the strip!
Everything on the menu taste GREAT! Let's continue to give them even more business.
The Day bartender Serina is excellent!!
Poor service. Poor communication. Poor deals. I wouldn't ever go back to this store.
Price are pretty much the same as in Sears store!
Great place to drink some coffee! Drinks are Very refreshing:)
Oreo latte blended triple to die for good bye Starbucks. Great location
Oreo latte blended triple to die for good bye Starbucks. Great location
You can always count on being treated like royalty.
$5.99 all you can eat special. .. 2 thumbs up
Food is good, but service kinda sucks. Glass is not getting refilled..
Party of 16 for chey bday bash
Don't ever come here. It's horrible inside. I should have picked up my guest in valet. This place is hot and dank. If your meeting someone here, meet them outside and take them somewhere nice.
It's hotter than satan's taint.
WHAT. ...No live band?  Booooo l
Dont go until remodeling is complete.  Not nice & loud @ 5am doing construction. Smells bad in hallways and elevator is rickety
Great food! Hard location to find. I love the yellow curry here!
Ask Lee for a suggestion.
Best server award goes to Amber!!  This cheeseburger was gone in no time
Poor service, bland food, overpriced.
Lee was awesome ! Loved his service fast and friendly !
Food was too fancy, had no flavor in the chicken or steak tacos not impressed!
Honestly, VERY disappointing. Sandwich was soft and tasteless.
Cute new location, same great food!
Love this place.   Never disappoints
Provide honest driver feedback. Uber Support will either send to the driver (if good) or to Op Mgr if help is needed.
Easy to use app and is always on time and never have had a problem with them
Their drivers use personal insurance and skirt the insurance laws
Great service. Sydney chicken Milanese and baklava cheesecake were awesome.
Great food, great service, byob, relaxing atmosphere....I will be back!
This place sounds great
All of the food was amazing!!  The owner is super friendly!!
Excellent food and service.  They have live music which is a nice addition.
Very good food, friendly staff, good margaritas!
The service was great! The food was disgusting.
Estos si son tacos mis respetos!!
Great restaurant that not many people know about. Worth the drive.
Local, small businesses are the best! Www.Myblackbutterfly.Com
Clean.  Updated.  Also has a KFC inside.  Better than other locations.
Fantastic sausage. Cheap beer. Great place.
Jeff was honest great service.
For what they did, they charged way too much. $625 for a motor and a spring.
Best price, on time, and they get thing done. Highly recommended Adam (Tech)
Great service iam feeling great easy check in and no wait!!!!
Friendly baristas and a large selection of coffee drinks!
Decent food but price jacked up for no reason, service was spotty.
Almost feels like its my first visit to Vegas. Wish I'd have visited sooner.
Service so slow and not even polite
Best food and service in town!
Absolutely love this place!!! Just go... You won't be disappointed!
Food and Customer Service ON Point!!!!  I'll be back for sure ..
Lol,Being there twice a Month. BEST nightclub in ILLINOIS.
Best place on campus for karaoke hands down; I have no idea how the bar is.
Great drinks - wonderful atmosphere.  Still new so service is a little slow.
Hands down the best muthafuckin bar in Phoenix!
The place is cool, I guess. But the "yelper" board is pretty week.
Visiting from out of town - this place is a must. Great cocktails and food.
Mmmm omg the ramen burger was really good, a little pricey but worth it...
It is my life goal to be "Norm" at this bar!
Great cocktails! Ross is a fantastic bar tender! This is a must try!
Great food and service!
The best Chinese food I've ever had!
Excellent food. Large servings. Friendly staff. Pam made a point to say hello
Me and then kiddos love the park. Never too busy and lots of shade
If you want to eat good food, this is the place.
If you want to eat good food, this is the place.
Best nail salon IV been to since Iv moved here . Very sweet people
Don't forget your sunglasses
Food was so so. Service was terrible would never come back
Awesome food great service  definitely coming back when we're here next time.
Great food, service and beer....great job and I loved this place!
Good stop on the way from Wilmington to Charlotte area.
Marianne was amazing -- one of the best blowouts ever. Highly recommend!
Very fresh veggies. The broth was very flavorful. No boba was the only sad note.
Its a dollar tree                v.      Vv.    Vvvvv. Vbb.   B. Bb.  B.
It was an amazing experience. I would recommend anyone who visits Charlotte.
Found some DC comics magnets and some Star Trek posters!! Everything was half off!!!
Found some DC comics magnets and some Star Trek posters!! Everything was half off!!!
This is my second time hete. Check in on Yelp and get free  garlic knots!
Best pasta and pizza I've ever had - try their Penne Alla Vodka - it's to die for :)
My French tip gel nails have already chipped now. It has been less than 6 days.
Best car wash I have found in my area so far.
Hell yeah!  Need one of these in NorCal.
lots of great options at a reasonable price with fast, friendly service.
The owner is great, the food is amazing,especially the hash brown with Cheese.
Fast and quick service... Easy ordering and efficient
Best car wash I've ever been to in my life
Omg amazing place. This guys are awesome! High recommend to everybody!!!!!
Delicious cupcakes!!!! If you Love cupcakes, this is the place for you!!!!
The cakes bites are very addicting so be careful.  Cup cakes are crazy good too.
Delicious! I love this place!
Oh these cupcakes.  Be still my soul.  So yummy.
This is one of my favorite places to stop for a dessert treat!
They don't have ice tea only tea leaves that get pressed for  4.50 no refills
Great flavors, best consistency, kept clean, friendly staff!
You can sample any froyo flavor... Just ask!
Get in here now.  IBC is a wonderful addition to squirrel hill!
They should replace the oval white plates. It's hard to rest forks and knives, easy to slip and fall off.
I love the quality of food and price. Great breakfast place!
Don't sign up here! Worst gym ever!
Amazing bunch of people. John and Gary helped me out so much.
Quality crepes and coffee / tea. Casual atmosphere, chill. Good for conversations.
Best coffee and crepes anyone could ever ask for and the ice cream is amazing.
Good food, good service.  Large portions.
Overrated.  Overpriced.  To much pride and ego for an inferior product.
Baked orange roughy was delicious!! And the key lime pie was perfect!
Great food. Great service! You won't be disappointed!
Hard to believe you can find great seafood in Gilbert.  But we love this n place.
Everything is spot on except no sweet tea
Shawn Michaels add Thunderbird sauce
Our first Ike'a experience was amazing!  I can't wait to go back.
Food is nasty! I was hungry and it looked good, but it's definitely not.
Pathetic uncooked bland non salty food please avoid at all costs
Nice new concept dining room. Boths all around yet you can still see everything.  Great friendly service. Will be back
Great service, great food!
I am in love with the brie and pear panini.  Like actually in love.
Amazing workout spot! Staff is extremely friendly and welcoming!
Amazing customer service. Their work is top notch. I highly recommend this place.
Best Korean food in AZ.
Weak and over priced drinks.  Food quality was poor for the price you pay.
Great bartenders and great food!
decent food good prices
I'll give an average 3 stars. I guess I won't come back again.
I was here at 10:45 a.m. and it was Yummy and Fresh.
Check living social for some discounts.
The best way to end the night! Spectacular views of Vegas
Awesome view with unlimited alcohol what more can you ask for.
So much fun and a beautiful way to see Vegas in the air conditioning.
Pricey but nice view at night. Must do it once I'd say but nothing spectacular
Breath taking & a nice 30 minute smooth ride!
Friendly staff. Great breakfast sandwiches. Good produce.
We Love the amazing food and wonderful staff!
Best hidden gem. Will be back again. Top shelf liquors. Live DJ and more
Play the artist and create your own pizza masterpiece...
You can't go wrong with nice staff, a clean place and a good pie.
Pricey but worth it! If you return the glass bottles you get $1 off.
Acai crunch = amazing !!
Love this place! Amazing products!!! Start drinking your juice here!!!
This experience added to any event really makes it worthwhile!
Food was good, but a little slowly, sevice is ok.
$2 mimosas on Sundays
Went in for a sandwich today.  I asked for it To be toasted and Reconfirmed with the girl twice.  She then made my sandwich and forgot so went ahead and toasted the entire sandwich including the MAYO.  I asked politely to have the sandwich remade and she said "Fine, whatever ok", she them proceeded to help the other people in line and said I had to wait.  Wow.  Horrible customer service and after 25min and no sandwich I left.
Mark is a magician. Worth every penny
Sundae is $10.22..... Whaaaaaat!
They're CLOSED! Permanently!!
Lalalallaaaalooove this place!Always looking forward to coming back!
Wonderful staff and great food. Love the specials.
Very nice restaurant and very delicious food
Very nice restaurant and very delicious food
The fried chicken is amazing! So are the fries...and the corn...and the pizza lol
It's fun to be at this yelp event, I have to come back when there's no event.
Venue, bar, and fried chicken. Nothing else to really say.
Amazing venue! Good drinks, always a fun time, they always have amazing shows
Rebel souljahz concert last night was epic!!!!
Not much flavor. Nobody in restaurant during Sunday lunch. Incense burning at front door if you're allergic. Water tastes like tap water. Lady couldn't understand much English.  Ordered from a picture and it was nothing like shown.
Awesome food. Awesome beer. Awesome service. Need I say more?
Great food and service.  They now have beer and margaritas.
Kent is awesome, he help us purchase a nice watch.  YOU ROCK!!
From drive thru to cashier to the food! Bad experience!! Sad
The decorations very nice, the Ramen soup is tasty not too salty, Ramen is perfect.
Top 3 ramen spot in LV
Cozy and comfortable, but the whiteness of the place might shock you to begin with.
Wow, well done.   Service, food was amazing, I'm coming back for sure
Great food, great bar, great server Kori. Keep it up Baby Kay's.
Got an appetizer and seafood salad. Always a pleasure. Had the crab and shrimp salad. Just what I wanted.
The food is amazing! I like the vibe in this place as well.
I love everything about this place
The food is great....the people are so nice it is a great place to eat at.
Friendliest people around & the best coffee. What's Dutch bros? Team kona!!
Love the fresh juice! Smoothies are great too!
Great place. Affordable pricing. Very friendly staff. Get the cheddars pain killer.
Awesome place.. Love the staff and food!!
This place is so good! We love it and the food is incredible!
Only talk to the people who own the place or are related to the owners! I called today, asked for a specific wine from a specific region , I went to pick it up and it was the right wine maker from the wrong region !!!! I've never had a problem at this store except for today!
Great service and fantastic selection!
It's nice to get out of the crowd, have a cocktail and watch live music!
Fully renovated 2015More seats. Same great food.
Delicious ice cream with a unique flavoring! Reminds me of Jenis in columbus, Ohio.
They have AWESOME GF options!!
Great knowledgeable people, great strains, great discounts for disabled vets.
Go socialize at their Social Hour from 7 -10pm!
Wonderful cozy neighborhood coffee. Must try the Egg&Cheese Croissant....amazing.
Priced rather high I think.
Great pasta & pizza!!!!
I had the breakfast, it was mediocre.
Awesome atmosphere and service! Food is great too! My fav weekend brunch place!
Excellent service, exceptional sushi, great prices!
Thank you Tim for the great customer service
They saved our baby another vet diagnosed
They've closed down. There's a new vacant sign, and salon is completely empty.
Very friendly and great service .
Huge sandwiches good to share
Outstanding.  They need to franchise this idea.  Got to try the protein bowls.
Awesome food! Great atmosphere! Will definitely be back!
Good meats good eats. If you like spicy you won't be disappointed.
Incredible food and value - AUTHENTIC
Great family owned spot - mom's home cooking.
Excellent food!! You owe it to yourself to go to try it!!
Excellent street tacos, cheap and fresh.
Awesome food and unbeatable service! I love supporting family owned places!
If you want tacos done right, go here!!!!! And great prices!!!
This place is legit!!! Best tacos EVER..:
I give these 5 thumbs up for there service Fast and efficient
Magic Hat on draft for three bucks but 4/5 cause a server crop dusted us.
Best wings!!! And zipparitas!! I love going when they have happy hour
FABULOUS!  Service is great and Miss Amber in he bar is dedicated and on her toes!!
We had a blast with Paige and Jeff! Thanks for making my sisters BDay special.
Great atmosphere to be in when relaxing and unwinding!
Super yummy Greek salad with chicken!
I love the BBQ Ranch with chicken! Try it in a wrap, too!
Always friendly and coffee is delish!!! Get a Bob Marley!!!
Bravo! Wonderful world-class customer service and great products.
Great service, friendly staff, the drinks are supra better than Starbucks
Excellent service! On time work done was great. I highly recommend.
Every time we come the staff and Dr Ryan have been awesome.
Everything is so good and fresh. It starts with good ingredients.
All time favorite pet food store.
Friendly staff and well prepared creative cuisine.
Love this place!!! Great skin care and service!!! Highly recommended!!!
All I can say is tasteless, nasty and expensive..don't waste your time.
Wonderful Lobster rolls and the tacos where excellent.
Pricey- but delicious.
Cool place to check it out.
I took my phone and they did an awesome job it look like new again
Really quick service!!! Guys are pretty funny !! Lol really nice work
Delicious food, good price and very nice people!
My hubby and I love the food and staff here.
Location is closed...
Best drinks to enjoy.  Always get them when in town!
Very Clean practice.. Great service - Will totally keep coming back
Maya was excellent.  SHAVED ICE is sooooo good!!
Great food, great value, even better service!
Loved it! Will def come back!
Pot Tea Social House. Their hot pot is delicious, You should come here soon!
I would come here everyday if I could.
My favorite! I'm so glad they opened one right by me!
Love making this place our family hangout!!!!
Authentic, quality Italian. Loved it!
Some of the best cupcakes ever, not to mention the ice cream
Love this hidden Gem! Grier the bartender us the best!
Love this place, the staff is friendly and the food is delicious.
The doughnuts rock almost as much as the staff.
Love this place!!  Great food and atmosphere. Come out!!
Friendly service but food quite ordinary
I love this place. The raspados are yummy and the staff is always very friendly
Solid portions, very flavorful, quick and great service!
Great vibe, HUGE portions. Twilight, my server, was professional and really fun.
Awesome food, i ordered Chop and chic. Lovely food and ambiance
Gloria hands are magical 2nd time coming amazed
Decent food. Average waiter. Great atmosphere.
Nice place to let the kids run around on the patio on a warm evening. Food....meh.
Awesome food. . Delicious burgers and wings!
Awesome food and great prices
Monday's are flight night ($10) with 80s music, feel free to dress 80s style!
Excellent food and great service.  The staff was very helpful.
Great food and drinks!  Adam, the owner is really cool.  Was there with the girlfriend and enjoyed the in house smoked salmon and grilled cauliflower dishes.  Can't wait to come back and see more of their rotating menu!
This location is in the back of the office complex, not on the Horizon Ridge side.
Great skill, great customer service
The Michelada was good  and the shrimp were delicious.
Really good and affordable the food was on point.
I love this salon! Steven is great and always takes care of me!
Jantra, is very friendly n good! I love my facial as well.. Very clean place.
Great and very friendly!!  Best subs EVER!!  Always fresh!!
the three cup pork feet is really delicious！！！ and I love the basil chicken
We had the best time with Amanda!
Awesome place to grab juice. Tons of mod choices.
Amazing food.  Fantastic service!  I'll be back!
Great place to stay! Very clean!
Awesome pizza!!!!! Love it!!!Will order from them everytime!!!
Melinda was amazing!!!!
Tamara came to clean my house yesterday and WOW!  She rocks!!
Great authentic Mexican food. Try the  VAMPIRO !!! Sooooo Good!!!
Nice clean and great smiling service
Authentic street tacos. So much flavor!
Everything what is expected From a good taco place
$1 Corn today! Hola!! Best street corn and tacos al pastor in town!!!
Great food Great Vibe ! And Affordable too!
This margarita is the best part of my whole meal!
Tacos: bomb. Nachos: meh. Music: way too loud.
Always fast and consistently good. Plus they always remember my order.
Place is closed. Out of business. Too bad? Looked nice.
This is the nicest hookah lounge I've ever been to
This hookah lounge is the best in town, very good custumer service & great food.
Great customer service, friendly place. Calm, cool and relaxing.
Yep...definitely coming back here.
LOVE IT!! Everything I've tasted is amazing!!
This food is delicious. Fresh tasting and full of flavor. Check it out. Yum!
Really good carnitas! Pickled Onions and salsa are out of this world!
Color me unimpressed , when u pay an exhornant amount for two eggs toast and potatoes and wait 40 minutes for your food and another half hour to get in the door u should get perfect eggs and potatoes my eggs were over cooked my potatoes undercooked overall id give this place a 1 out of five
Food was excellent atmosphere was very pretty. We will definitely be returning.
On time. Not Hidden fees. The best period.
Love this place. Poki Salad is soooo yummy
Great food and service. Try the Volcano, sounds spicy but its not, it's actually a bit sweet with great flavor. Rainbow roll tastes good as well.
Carkos Bakery in Vegas! Best cupcake in Vegas!!!
Awesome place we loved it!!
1st time in Vegas.I love your Lobster tail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sandwiches are decent, but way to pricey. Good customer service though.
Fun, relaxing, drinks, food, games and a gorgeous view!
Excellent service an accommodating when they make a mistake
Great atmosphere and food!
Best #Beer #Fun #TopGolf
Kobe Steak Burger was unreal Wow !! Was worth every dollar
Food tastes fresh, nice atmosphere, friendly staff.
Food was boring. I will not come back. Well, maybe for the açai drink.
I like everything about this spot. Thanks, Yelpers for the recommendation!
Great customer  service.  well organized  place and staff. Help  save a life.
The staff here are friendly. I love going up their
The chocolate eclairs! If you get anything, get the chocolate eclair. So good!
Great brew.  Descent hot wings!
Found my new nail place. I'm so happy right now. Come here. You won't regret it.
They did great work. Great price and very professional.
Poetry , karaoke, thrifty ice cream.....
Wonderful place...wonderful people!
Get the kushiage brie and eggplant too. I love yuyu!
Cheapest gas around, need I say more?
AAA trainer! Thank you Shawn for keeping me motivated and on track!
Very good food. Authentic and gray service.
Best customer service and great food!!!
Nothing better than a Dejah View with my Twisted Bikini Red bull!
Had a great time and will definitely be back next year!
Best pizza in the world!!!!
Love! Fast. Fresh. Garlic.
The best burger in Arizona! Hands-down!
All the food is great. I've never hard a bad meal at any of his restaurants.
We had an amazing experience here. Nick "the sherrif" of flavor town was awsome!
Went there last night. Burger was great and service was awesome! Did not disappoint.
Everything I was hoping it would be!  Guy rocks!  Best breakfast in Vegas!
Fantastic burger! Very unhealthy but delicious! :)
This place was GREAT! Recommend it! Came here twice on my 5 day stay that good!
Good ...definitely not great. ..for the cost it should have been great!
We really enjoyed Guy's. Good atmosphere, service and good food.
Great cut from great guys...love this shop!
If you can, bring cash. It helps out small businesses with their operating costs.
Great casual Japanese option on the strip.
Request to sit by the window for some people watching on The Strip.
Yummy food, really teeny portions, overpriced, waiter not very attentive.
Was an inexpensive dinner choice with some decent ramen. Would definitely try again.
I fucking live this place! Terry Wookie Hoffman is the best!
Worst service they never check up on you if you need more drink and food was alright
Very good and the service is great the food is ready fast
Bring your kido/s in .. Have fun building, they love making the mini figures.. Its such a great use of time.. Very friendly staff too!!
They were amazing. Great experience.
Great experience!! Freindly staff and very clean place. Will definitely be back.
Super Clean shop! Staff are super nice!
Clean theatre, good availability on seating last minute and reclining chairs!
Good choice for the healthy either.  I wish there should be more around.
Real fish.  Fried right.  Best fish and chips place on the Southside!
Best margaritas, best chips and salsa!
Food was freaky good omg. But the service was kinda bad. Smh
Guacamole was delicious and so are their tacos and sides. Highly recommend.
Great tacos, amazingly fresh guacamole, and an excellent atmosphere.
Great passion fruit margarita. Tacos good too!
Super knowledgable friendly highly recommend
Good drinks and friendly staff A++++
Boba consistency was good and many choices to choose from.
Boba consistency was good and many choices to choose from.
Love this place!  The ginger milk tea is the best with boba.
This place is sick!!! Sunshine Pineapple.... I'd drink it in buckets!
this is my favorite boba place in vegas by far
Favorite boba place to go to :)
One of the best in Edinburgh for great coffee - fact
Acai Berry bowls are absolutely phenomenal!!!
Great food and great service. Fun and friendly environment.
Justin is probably just being a tool. Great place, great staff, great product.
Great customer service
Cooper is going to be my new favorite bartender in town.
Super clean shop and chill artists!
The food is amazing. The tacos are the best.
Delicious! I love authentic Mexican food! Great food and great prices!
Amazing, authentic Mexican food.
Best place to eat....EVER!! So bomb!
Food was good. Staff was friendly.
Super nice people, comfortable dining room and delicious food. You can't go wrong
Super clean and oh so yummy!
This place is simply amazing.  Fresh friendly and beautiful.
A must go!! A must repeat!!! Coming back for sure!! Delicious!!!
Food was awesome! Verona was great! Very welcoming and good customer service!
Amazing food and very attentive service
Love it here, food is great and the people are awesome.
First time. .would come back for sure!
Car looks good, wash, shampoo, wax, condition, and cleaned.  $150 well spent.
Great food at a new location.   Stop for some great Jamaican jerk chicken.
Much nicer inside than expected
Amazing food and service would recommend to everyone i know absolutely wonderful
good food delious food
Great food, great service, and well worth the drive if you don't live nearby.
I literally just sat down and I already love the food and service.
Great service and very reasonable prices!!!
Best mani pedi I've ever had. I spent the entire afternoon
Awesome pedi and gel manicure!
Awesome place! Ben was great with the pedi! Good work everyone very polite!
Today's nails. "Home of the 2 1/2 hour mani pedi!"
Really good place in Las Vegas , clean and really professional I love it
Family owned store. Great people, great merchandise.
This location is closed! No longer in business!
I love the blended ice!!!!!!!!
Delicious came out fast!!
Awesome place for spicy food when your in the mood, try the sliced pork with chili, so good .
I love this place it has the best juice and wonderful staff.
I think the pizza here is great! Look forward to going several times a week.
Good pizza, good service.Loved eating outside & watching the game!
Good, fresh food for a low price. Good sized portions.
The best donuts hands down!!!! Always fresh!
Best and my new fave AYCE place ;)
Very nice and spacious compared to rainbow location
Excellent service! Excellent food!
minus one....the worst service i ever had!!!never going back
Good food, great atmosphere! $27.00 all you can eat, not bad at all!
I ate way too much. Food was awesome.
I love this place. PJ is a great employee. Very helpful.
Good food , great service normal price, fulling
I wouldn't trust anyone else with my vehicles!!!
Delicious, healthy and great service! The brioche French toast is amazing!
No negatives I can think of. Amazing food. Great service.
Food is amazing and great drink specials!
Great customer service!  Very clean facility!  Love their work!!!
Great decor and vibe. Ordered their recommended drink - Nutella latte. Delicious.
Yum yum and yum! Everything you'd expect from a creamery
Love this place and their friendly staff! A definite must when in vegas!
Creamy delicious goodness!!
Got a 50/50 milkshake. Taste like just vanilla.
Great service great ice cream everyone was very friendly and eager to help.
Wonderful food and great service! I will definitely be back with my family!
Amanda made us feel really welcome and our meal was just as enjoyable too.
Best breakfast in town. Specials are available and patio is dog friendly.
Always fast fresh hot food. Eat here like once a week. Never any issues or concerns.
Great food, great service from Amanda! She was very awesome :)
Great food great service no complaints my always go to breakfast place
Five stars for Vanessa. She deserves a trip to Disneyland!
Curtis was super friendly and is a great server!
Our favorite breakfast spot. Our server John was amazing!!
Our favorite breakfast spot. Our server John was amazing!!
Better than the Vegas location!
I really enjoyed the prawns, soft shell crab, and yam fries. I'd return.
Selena is amazing I love her!Food is amazing! Staff was fun and great!
Food has to be checked before consuming!!
Great service and beautiful work.
Very good food, they lady with the red hair was super friendly, I'll be back soon
I didn't like the food and i normally will eat everything.
Got the chicken bowl with brown rice,veggies and an egg on top - delicious!
We ordered coffee....nothing ever came to the table....the end.
Always a fun atmosphere, etc.... good appetizers.
Slow service but good food.
It's clean and workers are very friendly. Also their spinach, goat cheese salad is amazing.
Classic American donuts! Pretty good coffee and quick service.
Excellent food! I will definitely come back!
Excellent food with great service.
Omg great good food.. and excellent service and nice people..
Good food. Been here once and had the buffet. It was good food in less price.
You have to do the Lunch Buffet! So good and very reasonable!
Delicious. Friendly. Authentic.
best thing downtown, and they have a local Seattle coffee.
Cold brew coffee is killer!
Doughnuts were dry and tasteless...I'm glad I had coffee to wash it down.
Great value and yummy sushi
All you can eat lunch is $11.99
Highly recommend for those who love sushi
Concept sympa. Pas mal et pas cher pour manger sur le pouce
Solid menu, great when in the mood for a good grill.
Good food. Loved the paneer tikka and veg biriyani.
Very good spot, delicious curry , awesome lamb. And the rice cake is good too.
Great atmosphere. Service needs a little attention
Great food.  Great people.  Great atmosphere. Love it!
Delicious food! The grilled octopus was our favorite dish.
The food was excellent and so was the staff.
Apparently the business closed down. Sad!!
I love Skyla! Her nails last and she does great art.
Worst experience ever. First of all nobody was eating there so clearly they weren't busy. Nobody greeted us plus we ordered a bowl of pho and a bbq pork and sat there over 30 mins still no food. We just walked out. Literally what the fuxk???
Just as good as pho kim long
Great service Awesome food Cigarette borek lamb platter Chef made special kinafe
Food is great, just like it is in Turkey!  Pleasant and comfortable dining room.
i love turkish food it is very tasty
Authentic foodExcellent service Cozy
A-MA-ZING!!! Best little taco place I've been to in AZ!!!
Great social local football bar. Always enjoy the Sunday football specials.
Dexter Love"s This Place!Fast & Efficient
Must stop in!  Very unique finds!
Cool place to find antiques, furniture and other interesting stuff.
Great food and excellent service. Best burger we ever had
Shakes are AMAZING! Love very one of them!
Love the place. Even has good veggie burgers!!
The food isn't great, it's ok.
Great food and drinks. Julie is a great bartender!
Joe is Amazing!  The Sopapilla's were outstanding!!  Had a great time on the patio!!
Great food and friendly atmosphere
The manager and staff were fantastic!
Very good lunch. Great service, atmosphere and high quality good.
Always clean and friendly staff.
Excellent mani/pedi!  Will definitely be back!
Good service, ramen taste good!
Omg amazing!!  Such great food and service!!
ramen is good、severs good too。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。：）
Good food good price, very yelp friendly aswell!
Nice and friendly staff. Good and tasty ramen! I will definitely come back again!
Kaori is awesome :)and the food looks amazing
The ramen is really good finally found a really good late night food in vegas!
Great ramen place! Especially like the flavor of the cha shu in the ramen!
Yummy! We all love this place! The cha-shy ramen and the seaweed are very good.
There is a waiter who can speak Chinese :) the ramen is good. The service is good.
Not bad. A little bit too salty. But staffs are very nice !!!
People are friendly, and the place is very clean. But they are busy!
Delicious food, great service and I just love their jazz music!
Love this place,  very friendly,  and fast service
First time here and this is the kind of ramen I like. Great taste of soup.
Delicious cha shu miso ramen. I added the karaage which was very flavorful
My favorite Ramen in Vegas!! The best!!
AMAZING SERVICE!! Came to my house and fixed it in less than 10 min!! Def recommend
Great job, fast, professional, and glad he came to my house. Very easy!
Very fast convenient service! Came to my house and fixed my iPhone 5s in 15 minutes.
Super quick repair. My iPhone 5S works perfectly. Very happy with the repair!
Fantastic job! He did the job in less than 20 minutes.
Awesome stress free fix at an awesome price completely made our day!
Super fast and easy! And did a great job!
Good drinks. Fantastic ambience. OK staff
Wow. Soba noodle bowl and small side if Mac and cheese $14.79.  Complete rip off
Cameron and Tommy are a class act. They are very professional and attentive.
Tight little shop. With a very knowledgable staff
Super nice and helpful lady and man took my carry out order.
Perfect place to casser your croute after snowy activities on or around the Mont Royal!
Good street tacos, will go back to try more
This place is clean servings are great and staff is real nice
Save your money for somewhere else!   VERY POOR wash job even for self wash.
Das Essen war sehr lecker und der Service sehr freundlich.
Very friendly service, and some seriously delicious donuts!! :D
These donuts are excellent and will take care of your sugar addiction.
The people here are always very nice. They do great work!!!
Incredible dining experience all around!
Had my 50th bday celeb 15 people great food great service!
Justin had a great booty! Great job Justin!
Why answer if you close in 10 minutes?
Such a rad gym! And the coaches are amazing. Love this place.
Great service and beautiful Giada is in the house!
Make sure you call for a reservation or make the reservation thru opentable.com request for a window seat. It's worth the evening and trip.
What can you say. It is incredible !! And very unique twist in Italian food.
Great place to enjoy great desserts and coffee!
I Love this restaurant !The food was good and the service was great as well
The worse service you can have anywhere in LV.
The view is amazing ...the food is was decent. A beautiful restaurant.
Amazing! The tasting menu is the way to go. It's expensive, but so delicious.
This is the place to be! Thank you Travis and Becky Renner for placing it here!
This is an amazing car wash!! Fast, easy and clean! I highly recommend this wash!!
Always professional. Great job and relaxing. Quiet and clean.
Oliver is the best. Highly recommend for a haircut.
taste very good!! must try!! soooooooo good!
Great place for Authentic Chinese food!
Chill place. Owner is cool. Tasty food, plenty beers. I'll be back.
Great food and great beer by great friends. Downtown's only brewery, I visit often.
Great service, awesome bartender. Great variety of beer! Delicious food!
Excellent food... Great chicken wings, pitas and the baklava is heavenly...
Food did not taste fresh- my food did not have a great taste.
Ordered the Honey Cilantro Carnitas, fantastic!
Clam chowder is too salty. Crab sandwich had a little bit funny taste.
The best beauty supply in Las Vegas.
Great beer, good snacks and friendly staff!
Awesome beer. I really liked their kolsch. Light and fresh. Worth a try.
Great beer! Royal Thumb was my fav!
Food is good but very bad service they don't make you feel welcome . Not going back.
Stay away!! This place gave me horrible service and the food made me sick for days!
You can book online and you will get both email and confirmatory texts. When your driver arrives, you will also get confirmatory texts and your driver's phone number in case you want to contact them. SUPERB first class service for a very reasonable rate
very.cheap. very nice noodle soup. vey good overall.
skilled, friendly, fast,fair and professional! will definitely be my bmw go to shop!
They were fair, honest and reasonable.  This is my new mechanic.
Love this place! The tacos are fantastic, especially the Thai and Korean tacos.
Bosa donuts watch out. :)   Great place
Friendly people and their boba's and coffee are great!
Donuts are very stale. Smoothies are okay. Costumer service was iffy. Expected more.
Best donut I have ever had!
Food is good but will not say is the best.
Good food , fast !!!!
Specifically crafted to the level of spicy we requested.   Loved the Chana masala.
Excellence upholstery service. Quick and and friendly crew.
Great Service EXCELLENT JOB Michel and Patrick
Honest kind and fast!
Best Hawaiian food in town
The place is super slow for lunch but the smoothies are so good it's worth the wait
GREAT customer service!  They always know my name. I won't go anywhere else!!
Thanks smartfilm for hookin up my ride. Great customer service and great prices.
I eat here frequently. It's one of my favorite places! My favorite is the number 23.
Love the food and the staff is awesome.
Great food  great atmosphere.  I will be back as soon as possible
Great dealership with honest salesmen.
All smiles !!!!! This place was tons of fun  danced all night long
Is drai's beachclub good on friday compare to let say Tao BC ?
Very average at best. Daybeds/cabs are not necessary here, go GA and save $$$.
Large lounge with great seating, amazing food, great hookah, and good drinks.
Cool vibe! Loved it!! So much fun. I wish it was longer!!!!!
Awesome food. Piled high food. Quick and fast service.
Awesome store, enough said
Great food and awesome service!
Very friendly and fast service. The Americano I ordered was fresh and delicious.
When it's busy, and they put your name on the list, watch like a hawk. Maybe photograph your name on the list. Waited the half hour we were told the wait would be... then had the same guy that wrote my name down, ask for my name to put it on the list; because it was. Not. There. Are you freaking kidding me?
I got my order to go today boy were they super friendly and fast yum yum
Not worth the wait not worth the food, IHOP pancakes are much much better
So good and it's fun that it's still pretty quaint.
Friendly staff and some unique breakfast combinations. Flavors always pop.
Tried serving me old bread . My bun was so hard I could barely cut it with my knife.
You can't ask for anything better!  Food great, service great, prices unbelievable!
Great place and NO smoke.
We had a great meal for my husband's birthday! Always good food!
Found two hairs in my food. So grossed out I had to leave.
The best of the best !!!!!
Ryan did a great job! The place was very clean, and the staff was friendly.
Super fun!!! Great service, clean and a blast for kids!!!
Don't go for the game day food. Doesn't hold a candle to Hartigans food.
Antoine was very helpful and kind! Great place to come!
Excellent lunch specials. crust is a little thick for my taste though
Kristina and kaylie are the best! Love it here, great beds. Never tan anywhere else
Excellent food, I like the rice and beef, the service is great!!!
very good！ best Szechuan food! Like real Chinese style! Yummy!
This place is great. Eat here if you can.
Some really good Authentic Mexican food.  I will be back again!
Great food and amazing service. If Paco is there food will be the best, great chef!
OMG...amazing food! Wonderful Margarita. ..so good! I'll definitely be back!
Great food . Great drinks . Open 24hr . Great service
Wow!  Best Mexican we've had in a long time.
Tableside guacamole, jalapeño margarita, habanero salsa, all excellent!
Phenomenal food and service. Chef Paco and his crew are the best at their craft. High quality ingredients.
The Guac service and burritos here are phenomenal!
Best place for good organic food, talk to My boy Ralphy!
Food was excellent, but service was slow!
The kitchen was super dirty and smelled awful! Canceled our order and left!
Great food, Great service. Highly recommend. Food is fantastic.
Great food. The ambiance is nice.
Chef Paco's food is so good! Tacos be gone!  They have the best customer service!
Amazing! Amazing Amazing ! Our server was awesome! Food drinks everything must try
This place is delicious and service is amazing
Everything we ordered was really good. High price but big portions
Joaquin was awesome! Great food, great drinks and excellent service.
Awesome food! Enrique was an awesome waiter and the flan is AMAZING!!!
Excellent service, excellent food! Reasonable and delicious!
Awesome service as always!!
Great atmosphere and excellent service!!!!
Great experience! Will come back again!
Great relaxing morning spent here! Worth every penny!!!
Very good . The stuff is very professional . It is the best place in vegas for nails
Amazing service! Beautiful spa. You definitely feel pampered and relaxed.
I love this place! so fancy, clean and relaxing!!!
Saw Amy today and had an awesome pedi!!!  Love this place and will return always.
Lots of space and seating.  Coffee changes weekly.
Muy sabrosos y abundantes platos a un precio razonable para su locación.
Fresh ingredients, tasty pizza. Very impressed.
Owner was very nice and friendly. Best gelato in the QC.
Great food and great service. I will definitely come back
great service delicious food! friendly staff :)
New favorite spot in vegas. Excellent service
The roll is the best ! and the service is great
Just stumbled upon this hidden gem. Insane happy hours and great staff!
Fast, delicious and good food!! The chicken  kabobs were amazing
Amazing shop I'm impressed more every time!
Very pleasant people, great service. Quick. I am pleased. Very convenient location
Enjoyed an expertly cooked and delicious chorizo burrito today!
Shrimp burger and shrimp tacos were awesome!!!
This place is amazing!
OK coffee. Good service. Crap Wi-Fi.
Very friendly, clean and quick. I love my nails!
Red Velvet Cupcake Batter is awesome!
5 Stars!Love and miss you, Grass Roots. Will stop in for a Holy Alkaline soon!
Great amazing healthy delicious options.. Nice choices sushi made to order..no factory farmed meat here..fresh organic vegetables great customization..ambiance way above all walk up and order places..amazing and friendly service!  Great Prices for fresh healthy food..what more can you ask for?  Love this place!!
We always order take out from here,  very convenient and tasty!
Very good,fresh, and healthy food.  Had it 2 days in a row.
Always good fresh and fast!
Fun little hidden spot for a great pop(sicle)
Very Newplace to grab sometbing too bite!!!
OMG.  My lunch was so fresh and delicious.   Def will be back.  Check it out
Its very nyc to eat here . The fries d awesum n d burgers also yummy
Great find!!!! UBE ice cream soooooooo gooooooood!!!!
Super yummy! Love all the ice creams and the ice cream cookie sandwich amazing!!!
Great beer and very dog friendly!  What more could you ask for?!?!
Great beers with man's best friend!!
This is chocolate heaven. But very pricey.
Bakery items are a must. I also love the dispensing kisses!!
The decor is very nice and the interior is seriously a Hershey HEAVEN!
Salon is great. Most of the girls are friendly but all do a good job.
Solid performance from a suburban donut shop!
Love this place. Best staff. Best subs. Speedy service. 5 stars every visit.
Awesome Store! Shop Local!
Food was mediocre and service wasn't that great.
grade A+ service by Blair and Caitlin enough said
Over priced, nobody on the dance floor. Guinness is $11 and wasn't even cold.
Neat store with 40% employee discounts.
Very good espresso. Staff is also amazingly friendly.
New owners, new name, and a new menu. Friendly server and we enjoyed the rolls!
ASU amd Crunch roll were delicious!  Will definitely return.
Good food and service! Wish it was closer to my house!
Pizza was great and so were the wings!
Great place. Love the service especially Aly and Kendra. Great desserts.
Great coffee and nice owner! Must recommend.
Definitely a good idea to make a reservation and get dropped off. Parking is ridiculous.
We had a nice brunch here. Mmm, beignets.
Chron Jon!!!  Super fast and friendly service. A+
Clean install, good professional work, these guys know customization.
Worst customer service ever!!!!
Keep in mind this is a buy it by the pound BBQ joint. Lots of meat choices. Lots of excellent cold sides. Plenty of choices for everyone.  Also Lean is low fat so it can be dry. Moist is fatty but extra flavorful and far from dry. The prime rib is excellent
So delicious!!  You could taste the smoke on the meat!
Gr8 place .. Samosa awesme.. Same fr egg puff
Dale is exceptionally knowledgeable and extremely helpful!!
Fast, efficient, and knowledgeable. Great rates.
Reasonable fast service :) would recommend to all in their cell needs.
Great place great prices highly  recommend.
Great service.... Very professional... Friendly...
Greet service really cool dude I recommend this to anyone
Jacks Warehouse was awesome!! Great furniture, great prices. And JD was incredible!
Best seafood ever jackpot was the best , very good birthday date in along time..
Very poor service .. Everybody was least interested.
Sour clam chowder. Would not eat here ever again.
Has had good food in past but looks like some changes made. Will let you know.
Awesome fades, finished off with a classic hot lather and straight edge razor shave.
Excellent everything was great
Great food. Must get the stuffed mushrooms!
My kids love this place.
Custome service sucks!
Interior design is bomb dot com! I love the lobby and the rooms.
Great coffee; Great service; I had the cold brew to go and it's perfect!
So glad we found this place!! Great food and coffee!
Great owners Tons of choices
Love their smoothies and very clean!! The owners are super nice too!!
The best food truck in Las Vegas hands down!!!
By far the best pupusas on the west side.
Great service!! Food was delicious! Would definitely eat here again.
Yassssss, SKINNYFATS in my neighborhood. So damn good. Nom nom nom.
Awesome place I'll just keep coming back and I bring my cup with me too
Still love this place. My new favorite is the "nice to Greek you".
It's Great food but a little bit expensive but it worst it I love it
Still love this place. My new favorite is the "nice to Greek you".
Just dang good!!! Can't go wrong with ANYTHING!!!
This place was so good. If I could GI e it a 1000000000 stars I would.
Just love this place!
Watered down ciroc shots....f this place
Great food nice neighborhood atmosphere. Service was good. Nice people.
Fucked over on first ride free. Credit card charged $13.88 anyway. Fuck Lyft
Use uber, they don't charge a $25 fee if you have to cancel, never using again.
Always my go to for my limo services needs. Great service and professional drivers.
Love her! She's amazing
Amazing food. Love this place. The staff also rocks.
Awesome place. Go there. Worth.
This place is awesome! The food is so innovative and atmosphere is super cool.
Small portions, huge taste.
Bit slow process, but the employees are very friendly, helpful
Pretty nice, hidden tiki spot
GREAT haircut. However VERY unprofessional...
Great shop good atmosphere
Better than Filli's or Armandos. That's all I can really say.
Always great food. My go to mexican food in Tempe/Phoenix
So amazing!!  Try the strawberry creation!
Mango Sensation!! This yummy, delicious dessert speaks for itself.
Yum, yum food ! You gotta try this place.  Meat is tender. Oh so good.
Awesome service honest and helpful added bonus Wonderful product.
These guys have Looper!!!!
Amazing people. I would never think about going to anyone else other then Dr Loud
Lewis and Vickie went above and beyond to help us it what we wanted.
They have great prices here. It's a bit of a mans' world in here.
Everything is bomb!!!!!! Great service ! great food!
Great food, prices are very decent for a seafood place. Awesome spot!!!!
Looks pretty good so far. About Copps prices. Fresh rack of lamb in the butcher's case.
SumoMaya is our new favorite place. We have been there twice now and have had the best service, and food we have had in a long time! The summer corn, edamame, Korean beef tacos and Pad Thai are to die for. Chef Herb Wilson personally came to our table to make sure our meal was perfect. When you go in make sure you ask for Austin, he was the best server. He is very attentive and makes amazing recommendations based on what you like. We can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu.
JENNIFER is the best!!!  The food is good too.  Sushi is delicious. Must try.
Hands down fantastic. Great happy hour and great food.
Swanky. Cool. Fun. Yum !  Great drinks too!
Awkward menu. Fun environment. Great for cocktails!
Great new spot with great prices. Can't go wrong with chicken or a burger.
Not bad... Just stay with the normal burgers, you will be happy. Fries always fresh.
Dr. Rene Anikwue, is a good doctor.  Very knowledgeable.
Delicious and friendly.   GreatService and great Thai food.
Awesome show! Great variety and fun set list.
Outstanding  service and fees!
Burgers are very good :) The place is nice and the service was great!
Great lunch spot. Easy to get to and fast service. Food was very very good
What everyone else said.
This place sucks! Horrible service, low grade bar food. The manager is a moron
Like always .. Great Service and Food .. Cant go wrong with this place...
Awesome fresh strawberries and cream and the owner was so sweet.
Staff is super friendly and helpful. They have a great variety to choose from.
Nice place but a bit expensive..
Authentic and amazing hidden gem
BEST. PLACE. EVER! A must place to go in downtown Phoenix.
Yawn over priced. I had carne asada tacos and flautas. All greasy all bad.
Best. Marty was always responsive. Food was delicious. Ambience Perf.
Great food and good service！
On time, fast, and professional!!! I absolutely LOVED mine and my MOHs hair!!!
Good food good times!
Beau concept, nourriture très agréable :)
Excelent value for money. Great service, good food and nice ambiance.
Great spot! Very unique, a ton of beer on tap. Food was phenomenal, a must.
Great local place!  Good food, service and atmosphere!!
Love this place great meds
I love coming here. Good food and just a great place to kick it with your friends.
Best place to go for drinks and gaming in Southern Highlands hands down!
Aj was the absolute best. So nice and very good service
Horrible food service was rude. Never again.
Buffalo chicken was excellent!
We need a MACS in the northwest suburbs of Chicago!!!  How about Hoffman Estates?
Great service, clean place, I'll be back
Excellent job!!!! Will by go to no one else!!!!!
Great service!  Neat nighttime atmosphere.
Love $1 days!!! Love the staff and selection!!! Perfect place for us!!
Legit!! Go here..now! Nuff said.
Food was great. Service was truly poor. Wine glasses were dirty.
Absolutely yummy breakfast!
The staff is very helpful and patient
The pineapple float was delicious. Fast and good service.
greatest burgers on the planet. .. really lean. .. an athlete's dream!
Great food quality and service
Never got to try the food .Staff was rude won't get my business
Best Italian in Scottsdale mountain. Great staff, great food and amazing new place
Get the chocolate Cronut!!
Great Donuts. I love the cronuts especially the blueberry and maple glaze
Love their apple fritters. And all her donuts seem to be high quality.
Very yummy been there twice now and have been happy with my orders.
Getting my citrus pedicure with Mandy.. Great place & service
Friendly staff and clean modern fun environment. Great specials too!
Mandy is awesome! Super cute salon & pretty fast
Nick is the bomb. Everyone is really friendly. Totally coming back
Best Salon Ever!! Shantel is an amazing Nail Artist!! Love her!!!
I got my lashes done here I give 5 stars! I will be back
Best lashes in town! Friendly staff and always great customer service!
Beautiful place! Friendly staff amazing customer service! Love love loved it!
Hannah was awesome,  lots of options and a great staff
Asia was awesome my new nail tech
Best buffet in Charlotte . I think the food worth every your penny.
Love this place. Cool people and great sandwiches.
Great food and very friendly staff.
The bun bo hue is good af.  I know bc I'm viet.
Awesome!  Affordable!  Thank you!
I got my toes done and it was a good price and got me in right away.
The carne asada street tacos are well seasoned and delicious. Highly recommended.
Plus d'une heure et demie pour la livraison!
Good food. Good service. And reasonable price.
Great service when I had an issue fast and courteous
Great food I stopped there one night after work and the food was great
This place is soooo good.Very friendly people and awesome desserts...
The Oreo truffles are out of this world.
You have a special of "fish and chips" and NO Malt Vinegar... What???
I love this place! Excellent customer service with skills!
This place oozes style and sophistication.
Great place. Nice interior and good staff.
Love the check in. Great place for groups after work.
For the few rides they have it not worth the price
Free on mothers day! !! Nice loved it.. great for the kids..
Love this place my son has me there almost every single day. The staff is great!
Awesome customer service!  Definitely will be returning :)
Awesome burgers and the rosemary fries are unique.
Fantastic burger and fries. Nutter butter shake is a must!!
Great customer service!! And the sauces and wings....on point!!
First time. Great customer service and food.
Very fresh tasting, and light portions
Excelente!!! La comida increíble, el lugar muy limpio , buenas opciones , súper sano
Fast, healthy, affordable, delicious! I'm addicted.
Great customer service
The Turkey Sandwich will change yo life!
Great service and delicious food! A must try! The Chicken Kabobs are marinated to perfection! The tea comes in a Turkish tea cup with cute lil sugar cubes and the dessert is by far something I've never had but oh so delicious!
Great place, loved the food, excellent prices, and huge portions!
We had really good time . Food , drinks, music all were perfect for price.
They play music during football and its bright....
They play music during football and its bright....
greasy greasy greasy funnel cakeburnt pieces and grease
We love Woof Gang Bakery treats!!! Best treats and welcoming staff in town
Best treats in Las Vegas! My dog goes crazy for every time I come home with them.
Nice, friendly atmosphere! Nana did an excellent job with my gelish manicure.
Awesome groomer My dog Vex did awesome with VAL highly recommended
Had such a great time!  Cast was great! Lots of laughs!
Jen's the best! Good food, Good Drink,,anything else would be uncivilized...
Noodles bomb! Service bomb! Try the shaved ice it's the best thing ever!
Food horrible, expensive and spicy.
Love this place- I come to see Kayla, she's the best they have!!!
The best people and staff, great a/c service, ask for Corey
Not worth the detour....
Best Mexican food in Montreal
Love Jenny! She is does great nails
Tostitos salsa was very cold and it was kind of slow to be Saturday. No alcohol
Great service worked with me in every manner that I needed I highly recommend.
Great customer service !
Great  customer service. Investigated other frame options for me also.
Vincent was great to work with! Got a great mattress and great price!
Great pizza, good prices
I love the plain cheese pizza!!! Just like in NY City. Great deals too.
awesome food awesome people!!!!!
Great pizza, great service, great prices!
Excellent Mexican Kosher Food. Good prices!
Love this pizza! Mozzarella they use is high quality and is so delicious
Excellent service reliable company came to my rescue in a time of need.
Ammmmaaaazzzziiinnnggg!
AMAZING eat at least 1 a week. fresh and awesome.  my tastebuds are dancing.
Great wings! Tender, saucy! Service was great too!
Love this place. Will be back for sure! Had the chicken and waffles amazing!
This place has amazing handmade chocolates. So good. I am blown away by the choices
Chocolates are so yummy !!!  Kids loved them :)  will definitely go back.
The chocolate  is so yummy, wonderful customer service.
The best technique of nail arts in Las Vegas！Special ，good quality，and good skills！
Great place to have your nails done!!!
The best technique of nail arts in Las Vegas！Special ，good quality，and good skills！
Very caring staff. Meds were cheaper than taking script to a pharmacy.
Great food! The long hair guy makes the best subs! They're always so friendly!
We love this place! My husband and I have been 2 days in a row. We love that you can add as many toppings as you want for one set price. And the lemonade is seriously to die for!! Everyone was so friendly and awesome. We have found our new favorite pizza joint!
Great place awesome staff. Made me feel like a kid in a candy shop!
Best pizza. Best staff. The manager really made my sisters birthday party fun.
Very good pizza. Not as good as punch pizza in mn but similar style.
Very authentic Mexican food!!! I love the pozole
Good food and great service! Guacamole and chicken were awesome! Highly recommend
Good food for a very reasonable price.
This place is so awesome! My fiancé and I have gone several times and each time, the food has been fresh, flavorful, and delicious. The venue is very clean and it's located in the heart of Charlotte, just outside of Romare Bearden Park. The man who runs the place shows a clear passion for what he does and all of the staff are friendly and generous. Definitely recommend it as the best restaurant to get pho anywhere in Charlotte, and it's the perfect spot for a date!
The food here is so authentic and good. I am very pleased with the service and food.
Great beer and really tasty foodThe brownies are awesome too
Quality food and microbrews!
Beer and food that are both very tasty! What more need I say?
It's a cool place with great craft beers and the food is amazing!
All around the best massage I have ever had! Very personable and professional.
I miss the greek express this place is nice but no worth the 4.00 more charge
Great food, good portions, love this place
Healthy yes. Tasty meh. Small portions. Ate my whole sandwich in about 5 bites.
Come early, covers up fast on weekends.
Cool vibe.  Love the decor.  Ala carte menu.
This place hides so much when are they gonna have a turn around? Come on..
I love all the people there, great chicken salad! I'll be back for sure
This place has delish food. The service is fast and food is made to order.
Love their ice coffee here!
Fantastic bar with well chosen liquors and expert bartenders.
Great burgers. We ordered the Farmer Boy and The Natural. The onion rings are HUGE.
Good burgers and really good fish and chips. Try the zucchini sticks. Mmmm
Timely, courteous, and reasonably priced.
Great, fast, friendly service. Would use them again.
The food is amaizing! Love it!
Bigger place than Monta ramen.
umm let me see here....
Awesome! Ramen and Tapas are amazing. Have a good happy hour from 3-5pm/10pm-12am.
Great noodles and broth. Had the #3 mild . It was outstanding. Best ramen in town.
Very good. Great atmosphere. Excellent service. Great price.
Great ramen, great service!! Food came fast and hot, green tea is really good!
The best pulled-pork and mustard greens I have ever had.
The best pulled-pork and mustard greens I have ever had.
Best for people who like cake doughnuts but they have the best coffee in Matthews!!!
Outstanding.  Try the sweet peppers appetizer.  Best restaurant in my. Leno by far.
Customer service issues at this location.
The Count was an excellent sandwich.
Vegas Night Crawl was so much fun!!!!
You got to see this place!!!
Wingstop never disappoints!! Nice staff, clean place, and delicious food!
Wonderful family friendly atmosphere. Affordable prices and super clean bathrooms!
This place was cool, great for a couple hours of fun!
Well, they're CLOSED.  The location is up for lease.  Oh well.CLOSEDCLOSED
Love the atmosphere, the friendliness and the food!
Love it's tadtw and practical price. Then original Coke is great with  Mex food.
Bomb bomb bomb filibertos is finished
Service was ok but you are a billiards and don't have pool on Wednesday night?
Les nouilles sont excellentes, très bon bouillon aussi.
Cute ambiance and great food!
Very Rude! Food is ok but not worth the insults.
Very good not on menu but I order mongolian chicken. Delicious.
LOVE IT!! Biscotti & Chocolate Hazelnut gelato~
Good people good food... Family friendly
Must go Good food nice place. Food was fast to us, great for the family. Wil go back
What a great place to meet friends for drinks!
The potato - leek soup was rich and real, with my Honeyburger was a delight from the top of the toasted sesame-seed bun down through the thick and flavorful beef patty, and the caramelized onions, fresh lettuce and tomato, and jalapeño-jack cheese in between.
10% military discount
Awesome food! Awesome service!!
I love this place!  EVERYTHING is awesome! Seriously try it out...now!!
Wow, amazing food, i loved it and so will you. This is da best!
Great people to do business with. Honest and affordable!
OMGosh! I'm in LOVE with this place!!! Modern twist on old world menu classics. Their beer selection is enormous! 36+ beers on tap AND a bottled selection to boot! They don't stop there either! They have a worldly wine selection and creative modern twists on cocktail favorites! Ambience is spot on to the name. A modern clean take on everything you imagine a barrelhouse to be.
Loud. Very loud. Good for beer, sports and grill grub. Conversation, not so much.
Steak burger is awesome
Was visiting my family got myself nice glasses
I love the Tom Yum Noodle soup. It's delicious! The portions are huge too
Too Good！！ the lady herself do all the cooking, but it tastes like home.
Great customer service!!!
Absolutely the best gingerbread ever! My customers loved it!
Great care by Dr Ellis and team.
Awesomely natural and gluten free. Great toppings and smooth soft serve. Loved it.
Excellent soft serve ice cream, and it is organic!
Best soft serve! Oreo dipped cones....amazing.
Way overpriced, not clearly marked!Very disappointed.  Will not be returning.
my dogs have so much fun here!!!!
Hidden gem in Phoenix!
Very good and authentic Japanese food! The Bento boxes for lunch are a great deal.
Love the energy in the restaurant!!! Food service top!!!
The meatball sub is AMAZING!!!
I just ate here the BEST vegan pizza i ever had!
Oh my gosh delicious!!!!!! Can't wait to go again!!
Yum yum! My family and I enjoyed a finger licking good dinner! :)
Same owner as Joe's BBQ,  just stay away and go somewhere better.
Poor customer service, way to expensive for such little amount
Brown rice bowl with beef & veggies was delicious.
Super clean and friendly and awesome work! Definitely recommend
This place is amazing! Amy and Della are the BEST! I'm definitely coming back!!!
So apparently they are not open 24/7 anymore?...
No ammo sales at night? Unbelievable! Definitely not coming back.
One of the best pizza i had on the west coast
First trip and not bad after taking a stressful test
These guys are great, always a sparkling pool when all done.
Gotta try the mud pie blizzard it's amazing!!
one of the best new places to check out. Will definitely be back!!!!
First time here, the food was not really good, not worth that price. IchiZa is more better.
Amazing bone marrow. Very nice place. Chef was friendly. Will come again
Excellent Bangladeshi food with really courteous service.
Amazing food. Amazing host. Khub bhalo.
Expect to wait for hours. They are very thorough which is awesome but you will spend all day there for just an oil change. Free wifi though.
Love it! Very delicious food and packing of food also in high level.
Wow amazing fresh food great asada! It's like eating at home!
Great place in gilbert. Amazing pizza. Servers awesome.
Awesome pizza! Awesome service! Definitely going back.
Reasonable price plus a healthy menu. I give this place a thumbs up
Love the savory crepes!!! Nice place to get quality bfast and good portions too.
I love everything about this restaurant
Great vibe and great food. Protein pancakes and chicken sausage on point.
Amazing place love the taro! :) recommend it:) yep yep!
Very yummy drinks chill friendly vibes
Tiny little place but perfect for a small snack
OMG! Could eat here every day if I could afford it! Love their salads!!
Best fusion sushi ever! Everything was delicious
Good food, great coffee and very nice hosts! I'll be back.
Great food, great prices...fantastic local eatery!!!!
Quality food, extremely well prepared... Simple food is lost... Thank you Jaques
One of the best smoke shops in the area with a variety of choices.
Amazing food, amazing service. Not a bad thing to say. Definitely will be back.
Great new place....foods great....great staff....All around awesome!!!!
Always great! Now has a patio :-)
Good pizza and fresh i like this place ezy delivery price is ok
Delicious/fresh/Clean place to eat.  Will definitely be back.
Will definitely return to try other sandwiches. Great customer service and food so
Had lunch here, sandwiches were awesome.  I will definitely be back.
LOVE The Italian Stallion! First timer and I will be back!!
Amazing crepes and coffee! It's also very reasonably priced
Café superbe. J'aime l'ambiance. Allez voir!
Parking is gravel so wear comfy shoes
All glass hookahs great place to smoke and chill. Cleanest hookah lounge in AZ.
Friendly staff, quick at the drive thru or dine in, no issues with the drink I order
Excellent repas! Et très bien conseillé pour les vins
Delicious and inventive specialty pizza!
Awesome job Hugh is wonderful
Very friendly and did a great job!
They do amazing work and very reasonable prices
Love this place. Great service and very fun!
Great deserts and friendly service.
Awesome place! Great environment and fabulous staff! The place to be in the LV!
Get the egg rolls!  Great fish sauce!
I love this place! Delicious Phó and the atmosphere is relaxing!
Sells bootleg jerseys. Buyer beware!!!
Nice atmosphere, great beer selection, and cool layout for gathering with friends.
Great beer, great food, great service
Great selection of beers and a really cool staff.
Good food good prices!!!! We'll be going back for more lol
Awesome burgers, cooked to perfection. Truffles make all the difference.
Burgers and service were amazing. Coming here 2x a week!
Place is empty and we have to wait 25 min
Great service!!! Unami burger and truffle fries are awesome!!!
Very friendly staff. Great Burgers. Unique menu for a burger place.
One of the best burgers I have ever had!
Still the best burger Ive ever had. And Ive been to two locations.
Go to Safa and Natalia. They were the best!
Great pizza fast and efficient service we will be back!!!
Rip off 8 dollars a beer!  Seriously not kidding!  Insane!  Truly beyond belief!
Best pizza ever because I got to created it!  Perfectly baked and great service.
Best pizza I've ever had.
Overpriced for anything but the pancakes.  Food was okay.
Horrible experience, expensive and not worth the wait.
Just wow!!! I'll be a drove a little for my amazing food...
Loved the French press coffee and my red velvet plate of love (pancake)!
GreathGood and great food seafood and service
Para ser arroz y frijoles,  esta muy caro. No es mi gusto en comida.
Gabi is so motivating!! Go check out Cyclone Las Vegas!! You'll never regret it!
Amazing caramel cheesecake!  Oh and Try their sweet tarts. Owners really friendly.
Cleo is a fantastic spot.  Fun atmosphere paired with excellent food.
Deliciously awesome slow service but good service it's worth it.
Amazing food - loved every single bite. Could eat here every week!
Tied for worse Mexican food I have ever ate.
Awful....cheese whiz cafeteria food.
This place does NOT disappoint! GREAT drinks, great food and great service!
One of the best sandwiches on mill avenue
Love this place! Good quality ingredients and great quantity!
Great, fast and reason my priced iPhone service and more!
Very nice service~and the staffs there are very friendly~
so bad. worst service ive ever had. wont try this ever!
Great staff, great options and a nice place to shoot.
Pretty good pizza at pretty good prices.
The food was delish and as always the service was great!
Amazing menu, staff really earned their tip, overall delicious and cool place
Simple and tasty pizza
Best acai bowls.  Staff is friendly and knowledgable.
A must have!!!! Reminds me of the beach in San Diego!!!!!  Just acai!!!!!!
Had granola and pancakes and it was delicious. Small line but well worth the wait!!
Great food, nice atmosphere, awesome owner!
Great place for inexpensive drinks and quality food. Good menu and great atmosphere.
Upon further review the call is overturned to 5 stars! Thanks guy's!
Great food and service! Sunday all day happy hour is a deal you can't beat!!
Food was amazing, we will be back!
Great food! Great service! Great happy hour!
Amazing gluten free buckwheat crepes. One of my favorite eateries in Montreal.
Amazing! Best eggs Benedict I have ever had!
Amazing food . Gluten free pancakes. Always a great time!
Great food great atmosphere and wonderful staff always satisfied and come here often
Good food, good service
The best pizza in town, WINGS are AmAzing !
Can never go wrong with Cane's
Scrumptious! Best chicken strips ever.
Très très bon burger , viande garantie sans ajouts , change des chaînes de fast-food
Amazing pizza and very fast a good. I will be a long term customer forever.
Best sushi I had in a long time. They have great prices and it's delicious !
Sushi is great I ordered takeout reasonable portions
Great spray tan- best in the valley by far. They pay great attention in detail!!!
Bon prix et bon service! Un petit endroit local qu'ont souhaite voir grandir! :)
Dr. Yozsa is the best!! Great care and advice.
Great pizza ! Salad was awesome ! Highly recommend !
The pizza is fresh and delicious!!
Lots of beauty products!!
Super cool store and incredibly friendly owner! Monthly events too :)
Excellent store with friendly staff.
Awesome shop!! This little place has EVERYTHING!!
Best local beer in town. Absolutely love their IPA!
Friendly staff. Food was delicious.  My kids loved the adobo!!!
I would totally come here again! Good enough amount of food for the price!
Delicious food and service. I love their sisig!
Came here with my family and ate the Sisig burrito I absolutely loved it!
Very good service and I loved the food! Great place for anyone to eat.
Do not waste your time, rude owner, no customer service and overpriced!!
Best ramen in Charlotte! Hands down.
Really good fresh food, lots of choices. And really nice staff.
They're really nice fast.. I like it great service beautiful nails..
No one answers the phone here and to busy to take appt when they do.
Great drinks, prompt service and amazing sliders and deviled eggs!!!
Awesome addition to Verrado... Great people, coffee and locAtion.
Good stop! God coffee
Food and service were great. Lots of TV'S, 2 patio's (1 smoking and 1 non smoking).
Everything about this place  - food, service, atmosphere was A+
Cute but tight. Not expensive and creative
Best price in town although they don't offer samples but they do have 24 flavors
Great service! Love the staff - food is great (expand the menu!) awesome atmosphere.
Great find in Phoenix... Good selection of beer... Try the Dogfish 61
I came here following my favorite hairstylist Briana, it's a great new place!
Fun joint, I'll be back for sure.
Best hot and sour soup in town!  Wor wonton great, too...very hearty
loved this place I will come back it was really good I will bring my friends here
The food was really tasteless. No flavor! I'll never go again .......
Kelley Greene is very professional. She made my experience very memorable.
Julie is amazing! Appointment was quick and easy and the salon is super clean!
It's really good the barbers are great.
Gets better every time..... A must visit in Las Vegas
The chips & salsa w/Guacamole are some of the best you will have!!!!
Employee in a star wars jacket was a jerk.
Kiu did an awesome job on my fall nails!!!! I'll be back for sure!!!
Good price, Good Food !
Good ambiance, but that's pretty much it.
Always enjoy the green curry. Caliente!!! Not sure what the Thai word would be.
Some cool stuff ! Very nice guys.  Guest this is my new one-stop shop.
AMAZING food, Craft Beer and Cocktails & Great Service!
Not worth it for the price
Great food, great customer service by  Gina she is amazing, I recommend this place
Quick service, great scheduling, and amazing prices!
Best Gym in AZ! Don't believe me? Don't be scared...Come See!!!
Best prices on cigarettes, hookah supplies, vapes, vape juice, and others!
Great atmosphere. The waitstaff was incredible! The food was very good.
Good food at cheap prices.
Dr Ted is an amazing doctor!
Amazing!!! One of my faves in Vegas totally recommend it!!!
Ran 9 was amazing! Everything smelled fresh and the price was super reasonable!
Great food, good service.Friendly.
Excellent food and service! I highly recommend it to everyone who loves Thai food!
One of the best Thai restaurants I've ever been to!
Best Mexican sushi I have tried and I have tried them all...!!
The dishes are very traditional. The food are fresh and very delicious!
Very authentic Shanghai style restaurant, a taste of my hometown，highly recommended!
Amazing place cool staff and kicks
Enjoying smoothies at nekter!
Keishah and Jenny hooked it up. Get the seasonal pizzas... OMFG!
Only pizza I will buy now. Place is great .. Solid menu or build your own.
Crazy good pizza and salads!
awesome place.... cozy environment.... good for relaxing.... comfortable pricing....
Great subs great service!!
Horrific bar service.
Well worth the trip off the main drag.....best BBQ in Nevada
interesting menu, we are thinking of starting off with the hummus!
It's 830pm on a Sat and there is NO BRISKET. How is that possible?
The bacon wrapped meatballs are phenomenal!!  Service is excellent!
Great food and service the yard and the coop
Perla fixed my hair today awesome as always
Came here in search of Cougars and milfs, left with a bunch of groceries.
Bread is always nice and fresh! Sandwiches are very consistent which is great
Best groomer in Gilbert. The owners love dogs and people!
Been with him for years ( I'm an investor). Smooth, easy transactions.
Nicole couldn't have been more helpful. Tried on 5 bikinis and left with 2.
Meh.  Nice people, marginal tacos.
Fish torta is amazing!!!!  My new found love!
Amazing food and service, lovely place to eat.
The green chili pork burro was great! The pollo taco was so so.
The "surfer" fish tortas is my favorite.
They only have 26 month contracts.  No month to month, yearly rates, etc.
I have been twice now with my wife.. Great time! Saw Jen Cober tonight. Hilarious!!
Good food great service! Can't wait to go again!
Worst place I've stayed in a long time
OK APA National looking Good
Ruined my honeymoon!!!!
The burgers were great, as were the fries.
Without a doubt the most disgusting place I've ever been. 0 stars.
Try the birria tacos, you'll need napkins but it will be worth it, trust me
Phenomenal food and service, I don't think you can pick a bad item on the menu.
Great place to eat . Good service . Will come back many times.
Delicious as usual. And great location  closer to home
Always good and fast service, never disappointed!
Good food. Nice place friendly staff A++++
Jacob is a great guy he really knows his stuff I recommend you asking for him
Great deals!! Very helpful service!
Best chicken I ever try ... I had chicken with half rice and half salad omg amazing
Sorry was not impressed
Best food best place, recommended food. Love it
Always fresh and tasty!
Good food. Good service. Would definitely return.
Food is excellent all kinds to choose from: american, asian, Mediterranean....
Channell are server was very good didn't miss a beat thank you we shall be back
Great service. Very helpful and clean. Very nice atmosphere
excellent customer service and great tan, good facilities, highly recommended
The best tanning salon I ever been inThank you so much ! :)
The best tanning salon i been in so farThank you for great costumer service
Great place great price great service!!! Recommend to everyone it's great
very friendly staff! went in for s spray tan. very clean and new tanning beds! :)
Great place to tan. Awesome customer service!!! I definitely recommend this place
Very friendly customer service and clean facilities!!
Very helpful, friendly staff. Versa spray turned out great. Would highly recommend!
Awesome place toTan. My favorite in Vegas so far!
Great place! Great service! Clean and great location
Always good customer service every time I come in and super clean!
New Chinese dim sum place inside the Paris Hotel. I'm shocked they have dim sum at this hour.
so expensive... And salty and force me to pay tips without telling me in advance?!
Really good food and service was just fine. Try the dim sum
I had the bbq stir fry unon& it's good, full with flavor! It's #10 if you want it.
Not enough for price paid and terrible customer service.
Food - exquisiteshrimp n gritsJambalaya Fig cake Music- peppyService- warm
Loooove this place!!! The kale smoothie is legit!!!
Grand Opening today!  I love the Hurricane Colada!
We saw an awesome concert here. Train and The Fray. 7 rows back. Great seats.
Outstanding customer service tonight! Delicious yogurt.
Highly recommend bang bang shrimp
Had the crab and scallop stuffed Tilapia.  Delicious!!!
Food was delicious but I do think they were overpriced.
Great neighborhood restaurant.  Really good Happy Hour!   Brandon is a great server!
The water is always off.  Due to ALWAYS having a leak or broken pipe!
The Panini & Sweet crepes are to die for. Fast & delicious
Outstanding crepes, croissants and service!  Delightful place!
Omg this place is so good they have a  new twist to a beer soo good
Just moved to the area nice little place you watch a sports. Great drinks prices.
$9 for potato skins and this is all you get? They were tasty....but $9?
Thank your Anne for making my teeth white .... I appreciate you !!
Friendly service and great attitude.  Flexible appointments that fit my schedule.
Excellent, attentive, quick service and TONS of menu choices!
Great atmosphere,  especially with the Jazz band playing in the background.
Great atmosphere,  especially with the Jazz band playing in the background.
amazingly great, love love the food
Great staff!  Clean, and YuM-o! $1 tacos on Tuesday's!  Can't beat that!!!
Love this place. Found my new favorite spot.
Best Pizza ! Good Price !! Friendly Service !!! ^_^Fast Delivery !!!! *  Awesome *
Great atmosphere and the prices are more than reasonable.
Quality homemade burger and a generous portion of hand cut fries.
Best burgers in Gilbert! Or anywhere for that matter!
Pho sandwich and homemade chips were delicious!
Love the food, the crew and location.  For the best lunch or dinner it's a must go.
They offer vegan food, good vegan food!
Delicious!  Love this place and definitely frequent here
I'm so in love with the green tea white chocolate cupcake.
The best subs in Maricopa. You will go back over and over after trying them.
Over priced and slow service. Just eh food
Wings are ok plain n simple.
Food was excellent. Wings are the best in town. The voodoo flavor was my favorite
I got a great hair cut by Edgar. He spent time and provided a new cut that I like.
Great service, very friendly owners and great selection.
Great atmosphere and good food! Must try the Pad Thai and Chai Tea Ice Cream.
Can't get enough of this place. Everything is so tasty!
Omg. Greatest calzone ever. Just got off work and decided to stop by. So glad I did.
Food good! Service and wait time sucks!!! Not coming back!!!
Had a really great taste, but mine needed baked just a little longer.
Great shop. Owner was very helpful in more ways than we expected.
I love this place, the salmon is awesome and the chicken too.
Second visit for Kefta plate-Veggie were amazing-Hummus is perfect!
The steak pita is delicious!!!!
Best coffee shop uptown
Really good... enjoyed this spot while on my lunch break after doing some shopping.
I love this place! Great service and the food is delicious!
Really good food for the price and quality
Very clean, great food! Loved the order online option!
Good products and good service.
Great curry and some nice jazz in background. Loved the peanut sauce.
Best Tom ka soup in town! I also love the Pad kee Mao.
Good service and nice staff. And found they are helpful in assisting in your needs.
Excellent food! It was a little cold but, I'll be back...I love their sushi rolls!
First time here and we will be back. Great food and amazing service, thanks Tiana.
So fun! Go Sex and the City Hunt!
Love this place I go here all the time best prices great selection
https://www.facebook.com/Racho9226/posts/10153356786535399
The breakfast hash is tasty...egg sandwich solid...all in all worth it...
Ryan was very friendly great drinks and awesome food. Amazing service too.
Excellent but a little pricy for what you get. Still very good, never dissapointing.
Great place for some good food. At a late hour of the night.
The food was amazing and the service was superb. Would definitely recommend.
Just had a really great meal at Duzan Mediterranean Cafe & Tapas.
Great food and service !
Wings are really yummy And at a fair price.. Best ive had here in this area
Excellent service.  Good food.  Fish and chips was great.  Steak was not as good.
Food is awesome.  Service is very slow.
Have had breakfast twice in last week. Food / servers excellent.
great with a family with kids!! food was good, staff is very friendly.
This place and answering their phones!!!!!! Wow!
One of the most stupid Starbucks I had ever been
Huge lines and very stale coffee.
High quality food standard and service!
Happy Hour is a go!!!!! Yummy yummy in my tummy!!!!
The best place in Vegas!!! Love everything here
The strawberries and cream waffle was AMAZING!
Love this place.  Yummy chicken.
Very good service and quick. Great price. Ronnie is very nice and funny.
The best smog experience I've ever had. Ronnie is amazing. Five star experience!
Great service fast and friendly. Also take competitors coupons.
Great friendly service, no wait.    Reasonably priced. Give them a try
Nice dude. Of course, truck passed. Nice location directly off the freeway.
Friendly staff and quick service! Can't ask for much than that!
Super fast and easy, great service. Would come back again!!
This is my spot when it comes to smog! Ronnie is awesome, and I love the snacks!
Ron was great. Service was fast and simple.
Super friendly! Super fast! They also have candy!!
Yelpers steered me in the right direction :) super nice owners and opened Sunday's!
Great customer service and easy in and out!!!
Great to work with and will definitely return and recommend to friends and fam!
Fast friendly  service , super quick , easyTesting  highly recommend
Very quick excellent service!! I will be back! Thank you Ronnie for your service
Best smog in town. Been using for 3 years.
Great service quick and easy!
Friendly awesome service!
The best auction house around. Authentic memorabilia, fast shipping!
Best auction house ever. Authenticity guaranteed.
Can't really say more than be for food was great service great 5 star all the way
Nıce margarita bad food
The food here is good bar food and it's always a nice, quiet atmosphere.
Great steak sandwich with Guinness sauce
Grand Opening tonight! Place was packed! Food was amazing! Very friendly!
Great meatball sub. Head Chef Chris rocks out some good food.
Really good chicken Parmesan! Good service and great menu.
The chicken cordon Bleu panini... yum!
Good not great.  I had
Great deals with delightful Customer Service, bravo to Linda in Men's Shoes!!
Had awesome time. Lots of beers and cheers
Loved the server but food is tasteless and bland.
I am very disappointed! Horrible customer service! Cashier is very racist.
Not open 24/7.... just wasted my time going there.  Please change this.
amazing desserts!!!!! love the set up !!!
Awesome food the service is great. Decoration is nice, Mexican draft beer beat that
One word to describe the Tapas Brunch.... AMAZING!!!!
Not exactly up to the mark. Lot of hype.
Great service. Excellent menu. Nice fire outside when the weather allows.
Food was good, service was less than acceptable.
What a great place for Saturday lunch and drinks.
It's a wonderful restaurant!!!! A good choice if you want to try some Japanese food.
Such a cute local place! Delicious food & great service! Plus it's super affordable.
Good service good food good price
I love there portion size and the price is decant.
Pretty good food and not expensive. And the portion is enough too.
Good food & quick service!! Super nice server
Great food, service, and price ! Give it a try !
good sushi, good location for student. U can have free deserts when u write yalp
IT's very delicious ! I"ll come back !
Good sushi purple rice convenient location by the university
The BBQ short ribs is good. The Bento Box is great! :)
Great spot for lunch !!! They give you lots of food for just $10 !!!
Good food and delicious dessert!!!Love this place~
So da gooooooooooooood :3'................soo da yaaas
Great food. Love the ramen. Definitely will come again soon Recommended for everyone
Best nail place I've been too! :-)
Great store....love the set up and the new operating. Floor plan.
Formerly the Cheyenne Saloon. Great atmosphere and very friendly & welcoming staff.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Everything I have tried has been fabulous!!
Good food, nice atmosphere, and friendly staff.
This place is closed!!!!
Great food and nice area. definitely worth it!!
Service was fast and the bulalo was really good!
Super good two days in a row. The pho was great def coming back.
Horrible customer service.  Below mediocre food, attitudes and dirty utensils/cups.
Where do I begin...honest, integrity, quick and service! Best and honest!!
Taquitos !! To go. The staff were friendly and the gas was cheap.
Again love this place :)) amazing food. Amazing people. Everyone is so friendly.
The chandelier will blow your minds!!
Stunning Venue and Amazing Talent! Highly recommend on celebrating anything here!
Sick club, amazing service and great atmosphere! You will not be disappointed!
Ask for Boa!! She keeps my feet on point!
Expensive. Over priced and overrated. $10 for a burger with no side.
You get what you pay for, an amazing, quality burger.
Great burger, great fast service and a delicious Bloody Mary!
Good vibes. Good music. Good people.
Great seafood & BBQ come for dinner and a show! Request Matthew for the best waiter
Awesome! Staff is always nice and informing. My favorite restaurant.
Tonite I went the shrimp scrawny not their usual service very disappointed
Ben was awesome!  Great food- some of the best service I've ever had!!
Great food and service. I strongly recommend the amber mule and crab legs.
Had a great cheeseburger yesterday, topped with all the fixings.  Delicious!
Prime rib and mushrooms are very good.
Quite pleased with this little place. Pizza is good & the owners are attentive.
Yummy, cheap, and clean! Love the revolving bar too!
Excellent pizza!!! Was ready when was supposed too be, and the employees we awesome. I think we found our replacement for north end.
What a great place !! The service was amazing and the food was the best !! .
Awesome food, great service. I will return frequently!
Great food, good service.  Portions were large and came out hot!
Good value Good serviceGreat pancakes i had the hazelnut first timeOff the hook!
This place was so bomb! Loved their breakfast.
Candy candy candy!!!!!!! They got it all. This place is so cooooool
Leaving Vegas a day early due to sub-par hotel...
This place is pretty nice been here since Saturday checkin was pretty quick
They don't have a family pool...
Fun, casual atmosphere. Fun dealers. Quick drinks. We will definitely be back here!
Beware of this school, this is is scam
I took at yoga class here last night; great instructor and very helpful staff.
Amazing patio, great music, drinks and food.
Clean best shop in Vegas go for the tap out it's the best deal
The food is amazing with a great vibe!  Highly recommend the Steamed Buns
Great cocktails and the food is delicious!
Good food and Great service!!!  Will  be back!
10/10! So many drinks! So much fun to be had! Loves it.
Rhino Crossfit is awesome!!!!!!
Great service, food and hookahs!!! Highly recommend it!!
Love the food, and friendly ppl work there. Nice place to chill and relax.
Amazing place great vibes and great music food is amazing love all of it
Best burger I have had all year!! Tasty, juicy, awesome!!!
Cool place. Good prices.
Great beer great service! This has been a local go to for us since it opened!
Awful service !! Took forever for just drinksAnd it wasn't that busy food was ok
Love the instructors. Very encouraging. They make everybody feel welcome.
These guys were awesome!  Thank you for fixing my phone,  looks brand new.
Great fast work. Great price. Great customer service.
Nutella malasadas are the best here
Great food. Great music. Excellent service
Awsome food, bar and atmisophere.  Must check it out.
As good or better than Tokyo Express!!! Way better than Samuri Sams
Great music with David Sheehy, great wine, great food and great service!
the food was excellent and cheap too ,the staff was friendly
Great food and nice waitress!
Hands down they have the best persian food I've ever. Love this place.
Best deal in town. Bring in your own cup and get a coffee for 1.07.
Awesome people and the owner super friendly.
Great sandwich, had the spicy red peppers.
Great choice for quick inexpensive casual Mexican food!
You want to eat here.
This is a great lil with some great food!! Come try it!
Tried this place on a whim and this place is now one of our go to wing places
Great place staff super friendly extremely help full with the menu prices are great.
Really good food and really nice people...definitely a do over!
Unfriendly staff and horrible hot coffee the iced coffee is good
Great service, great people and my pool has never looked better! I highly recommend!
Bad.  Stay away.   Unless you like dry chicken and empty tacos.  Go elsewhere.
Great job! Very fast! They helped me out when I was in a bind.
Absolutely the best customer service!
Best raw/vegan restaurant I have eaten at. I visit often when in the Charlotte area.
Atmosphere A plus Food A plus Service A plus Really nice place
A must try! Beautiful ambience and terrific terrace.
Excellent food and Service from Jessica G. !! She's awesome!!!
Amazing food & atmosphere!  Great customer service
Always a great time when I come here! Food is delicious and the servers are great!!!
Thanks Tien, food was great and so was the service! Will come back again.
decent wine selection and food.  the layout and tables are a bit too much
Awesome flavored specialty cocktails. A bit pricey but they are good drinks.
Typical McDonalds inside the mall. Fast, clean, courteous employees.
They close at 8pm not 9pm BOOO!!!!!
YOL (Yummmmmmm Out Loud)Black & BlueYOL!
Some of the best bbq I've ever had and prices aren't that bad at all
Great atmosphere. Wonderful decor and pleasant staff. Free WiFi is always a plus.
Best real coffee in Maricopa!
the wait staff is so slowwwww
Great place. Great atmosphere. AWESOME people.
Very clean, helpful and knowledgable staff.
Never had a problem here! Always have a good time! Always treated like a queen.
Never had a problem here! Always have a good time! Always treated like a queen.
Okay....not as impressive inside as out.
Impressed! Inexpensive, tasty, greasy goodness!!Great service too!
Best gluten free pizza I've found yet in the valley!
This place is phanominal. I can just get a slice o pizza or a half a sub. I love it.
Great food and awesome owners!!!
Friendly, professional and fast! Go see Mike for quality car service.
Best quesadilla I've had in years
I am not convinced. Mattress seems cheap and simple. No special materials used.
Fresh food! Great service and clean shop! Sandwiches are amazing!
Fuck the place because their food is like sheet
My favorite place to relax. Anthony, Jenny and the gang are awesome!
Best customer service and they make my nails look perfect every time I visit !!
Best tacos in downtown PHX!!! Brunch items are delicious as well.
$3 Paz margarita is delicious. Chips and salsa - great too!! Chill atmosphere.
Must have margaritas & street corn!!
The food was pretty good but the service was horrible. Took forever for everything.
Great food, casual atmosphere, cool artwork, good music and outdoor games!!
Great service, great value, great margaritas for $3!
Some of the best mexican food in the Phoenix area! :)
Good food and great service. My family enjoyed our visit.
Great food and super fast service.
My home away from home!!!   Very relaxing with a great crowd and excellent food.
Great pizza, great service. I will be here again for sure. Great local spot.
Amazing food, great service!! I can't wait to go back.
The Korean restaurant is great! I will definitely visit again!
Loved the grilled meats (chicken and kalbi).
Excellent chicken w/ veggies! Great customer services and inexpensive
Phenomenal food!!! We could eat there everyday !!!
Hair in the chicken batter.
Best Chicken and there donuts are delicious . Highly recommended!!!!!
Awesome!  You simply have to have sushi here! Make sure to try the special rolls.
This Japanese cuisine is next level.
Their cookie dough bites taste like crap.
Very good Thai food and service! Brand new and very clean interior.
The service was less that I expected. We lost the server 1/2 way through the meal.
Fantastic Happy Hour! Great friendly service. Awesome food
Excellent and a beautiful restaurant!
Very sad to find out that Joey & Gina's is closed down.  Sign on the door from city.
Great Thai food! Wonderful selection. Family owned.
Great customer service and the best flavor ever!
Awesome Thai food selection, good price, friendly service & yummy.
Hours are not correct. Thanks for the waste of my time.
Awesome deals and sales reps very helpful
Great service. Delicious food. Cool atmosphere.
Great service. Great evening. Thank you !!  Ryan is a rockstar!!
It was a great night here!!! Great staff! Very awesome vibe! Good food!
Love their Kale salad.  The pretzels with fondue I rocks!  Great service.
Another great Fox Restaurant . Steak and potatoes for the win !
Friendly prompt service.  Good food for a new and developing location.
Oh my gosh! I've died and gone to heaven! Chicken and waffles are the best!
Excellente cuisine Mexicaine authentique
The guacamole is amazing!
The food is great...I highly recommend the strawberry cilantro margarita...so good
Good place to eat everything was perfect. I would recommend this to my friend's.
Great store... love it here
Delicious, authentic, and easy on the wallet!
Long overdue review ! Such an amazing place my eyebrows always look perfect
The best place to get your eyebrows done!!!
Great service :) very attentive and made my hard taco shells fresh . Yummm
My once per week lunch spot. Clean, fast, & new. Good service & food portions.
Authentic. Great flavor. Makes you wish to have seconds. Save space for the cannoli.
Too slow, waited 40min to get my dish. Too salty.
Great meatball sub. Excellent service especially from Jake and Adam!
wonderful。。。 。。。。。。。。。。walked away the most relaxed in years. will come back again！
I fantasize about this place in my free time.
Nothing but great food and service!! Love this place!
Great burgers.  The fries are awesome, nice and crispy.
Very clean, yogurts are great not as many choices!
Great food, good prices, DELICIOUS sweet tea.
The Pastrami was fatty and greasy . Not what I expected for $7.99!
Love this place! Amazing food and amazing people who work there. Always so friendly.
Got my iPhone 6 screen fixed here. It was quick, convenient, and a great deal!
It was delicious!!! Best BBQ in town. This is a new favorite.
Such a treat to find real BBQ! Brisket was some of the best I've had.
My new favorite BBQ place! The pork tacos are amazing, and the service is great.
Billy's is serving up authentic southern BBQ!  It use to be so hard to find great barbecue in this town!  Not anymore!
it's very good!!!  good good     we like sooo much
I love Macaron Cafe. They are delicious and a great gift idea.....
Deliciousness!! Come try them.. Super nice staff!
Macarons are amazing here and Alexis was beyond helpful!!
Best place to find ur fav snack :)
They have the best matcha macaroons!I love them so much!
Amazing Macarons! Delicious flavors! Can't wait to come back!
Carpets are dirty. Old furniture and appliances
So authentic. Yummy breads, yummy entrees. Homemade.
Great food and authentic taste!Goat Masala and Fish Curry are awesome!
Would highly recommend their hand-made fried noodles and green onion pancakes!
Nothing short of amazing. Best massage I've ever had, and I'm picky!
Not a good idea to not have free chips snd salsa.
Always  great food. Breakfast is the best
Food and service was amazing!! Highly recommend.
Great prices and awesome customer service!
Very good food Very good serviceNice buffetTandoori chicken very delicious
Awesome I absolutely loved the yummy pizza
Amazing burger, amazing shakes would recommend
Food was excellent service was super no complaints. I will be back. Great job.
Quick stop before heading to Nogales ! Here from Venice, California !
Fresh and fast. No complaints from me.
Delicious local bakery.
Man good times.  Good happy hour.  Good food.    I'll be back
Super nice! Excellent selection and service :)
Amazing sevice! They helped with everything I needed and info
Amazing sevice! They helped with everything I needed and info
What a gem! Great food, atmosphere, and service.
Great specials, great food, great drinks. What else do you need?
I am in LOVE. this place is amazing!
Affordable. Convenient location. Payal does a great job on eyebrows!!!
The burgers are delicious. Great atmosphere. Lacked in good service.
Deliciousness. Thoroughly enjoyed the place. Great food; great service.
Best pho in vegas; clean pleace, love it. @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
Absolutely no frills but stewardship was awesome we got xmas songs in flight
Very disappointed. And, I believe the place has already closed their doors.
Love the staff! I feel like a new person after leaving!
Great teachers. My new favorite thing is parent survival night.
Love the food everything is delicious!!!
Love everything about it
Clean place, but no Tuesday special? That sucks when I feed my crew.
I love Knee Deep Denim!
Delicious and authentic. A new favorite.
1st time here and love it!  Will be back again for sure! :)
Just amazing food they have there. Nice place to relax.
Good comfort food, loved the shuffle board and bar vibe. Super nice staff!
Tempura Asparagus is a Must here! -)
Truly a terrific experience!
Great service. Honest & Professional. Highly recommend them.
I live within walking distance and this is super welcoming. Military friendly!
Great costumer service decent price and great quality !
Absolutely amazing. Best tasting ice cream I've ever had!!!!
Good food and service love this place so much more since Vicky took over
Excellent customer service and the food came fast and tasted great as well!
Fresh and flavorful.  Fast and friendly service.  Will try calamari next time
Fresh cod, beer batter, fresh scallops, must try!!  Onion ring is super yummy.
I was convinced upon walking in to try it out...I obliged!  Id eat here again...
Excellent fish very fresh! Great coleslaw and fries too! No grease smell was a plus!
This place is great...try any of the pastas or salads they're amazing.
Very tasty sandwich and chili. Very friendly staff.
Waits can be little long(weekends) plan accordingly!
$7 lunch special with soup
Excellent customer service! Family-oriented, friendly agents!
Really great pizza! Great toppings & thin crust!!
Amazing food, even better service . Two thumbs up
Love the beef rolls and cold noodles!!!
Fried beef wrap and beef noodle soup are highly recommended!
Nice, friendly and helpful customer service!Forgot to include my note but still good service.Thank you...
Good for a quick bite. Portions are generous and staff is attentive.
So good! The best Filipino food this side of town.
Always a fun time and friendly staff.
Great place for everyone to have a good time!
Service was bad the waiters failed to do the job they are paid to do. Quite sad
It was a fun time with friends.  The food was good and drinks were awesome.
Excellent food. Thai Fusion with thicker sauces. Will definitely be back.
Really awesome place to dining #great food great service #will come to see you again
Delicious spicy thai food with unique flavors. And the service was great!
Best pie I've ever had by far!!!! The staff is super nice and helpful!
Best food !! Good price !! Awesome service !! Amazing place.
Had such a lovely experience dining at Bardot.
love everything about this salon i would definitely recommend to anyone!!!!
Excellent service and eggs benedict!
Great food, atmosphere, and SERVICE!
Great place, great atmosphere, great food, and staff is friendly.
Food was really yummy!! The service was great also!! Definitely go back again!
Best breakfast ever! Our server, Phil was great!
I think the food is good. The service is spotty. The prices are OK.
Great service, great food
Sandwiches had me dripping.Great customer service.Clean place.
A little wait. But worth it! Sandwiches made from scratch. Taste awesome.
Best Sandwiches in town! Great service!
Great food and service!
Food was good, but not good enough to make up for the horrible service.
Great place, friendly staff! The food is amazing!
Good place... service was good and the atmosphere is trendy.  Something new
Sydney always does an awesome job.
Great atmosphere! Great haircut!! Alexis cuts my hair.
Poor customer service. I felt as if it was a hassle for them to help me out
Bread and orange rolls that are to DIE for!
Great shop. Got everything I needed and for a good price
Sehr Lecker, Sehr Freundlich, Gemütlich und gute Preise, was will man mehr.
The ambience is amazing. The shop is very chic..they have every nail color and beverage you can think of.
Chill place with a big selection :)
Great drinks! Awesome food! We will definitely be back.
Just as good as in Miami.
Service - 5Decor -5Food - 4Get the "Old Skool"
Get the chicken and waffles. Better than Roscoes
Comfortable place, not very vegan friendly but the waiter was helpful
Fantastic yet again! Come check the place out! Over 20 craft beers to try!
Super delicious!  Wow!
This place is awesome!  Creative, delicious and HUGE slices!
"Pizza the size of my infant son!"-Me, upon my first visit
Great, huge, tasty slices of New York style pizza. Love it!
Literally the best pizza in Charlotte if you like thin crust the size of your face!!
Amazing team!  They worked their butts off!!  Mark Friday is your man!!
Daniel & Mark are hard working & very professional! I highly recommend this company!
Amazing! It is bliss for you taste buds and tummy.
Best food I've eating in a long time. The mofongo was amazing.
Great food, and staff!
Great place and friendly staff. Can't wait to see the store full of animals
Amazing in-house smoked ribs, check it out!
Wow amazing products and can't wait to start using...amazing customer service
Love the food!! Great price!! Excellent customer service! Very friendly staff!!
Lunch special with Lechon and pancit was very good.
Went there the other night, the food is amazing and the service is very personal.
Happy birthday!!  The goat was magnificent!!!  You never fail to amaze!!!
Absolute best Greek that we have had across many states in US.
Great service, tasty food, nice location, what's not to like!
Friendliest staff with some great food on there menu!!!
Amazing food and the owner is super friendly!
Dang!Stop everything and get to this place now!Have the lamb.
Muy buena comida Peruana en chandler
Was very surprised very friendly staff and the food was very very tasty!
Meh. Overpriced and coupon Nazis.Went once
Food is AMAZING. Finally found healthy food that tastes good. Yes please.
Great staff and even better food.
Good flavor, nice drinks, and plenty of sass!
I had a great time at Tom's. Great draft beer selection!
Super Big portions, great service, awesome food!!!
Maggie is awesome... The food was good too.
Duck wings are legit.  Great service.
Great cocktails and service!! Our server Paulina was fantastic!!!
Waiter was nice, service sucks..really expensive
Great place, until the staff in the kitchen started fighting.
Service at the bar was horrible and the bartender was obviously intoxicated
This isn't in n out but good so eat here to help their business yummy
Wow, great burger and shake!
I don't get the hype.. give me In n' Out any day.
the Shack Stack Burger was worth the wait!
Very salty hot dog.  Fries good.    Skip it. Vegas has so many better options.
Best burgers and custard! Worth every calorie!
Burger taste like a hybrid between McDonald's and Wendy's; not good. Shake was okay.
Super cute yet classy
4 stars because I was hungry and food was decent but in and out is better.
I love their burgers, must try!
Go someplace else!!!!  Teeny tiny burgers aren't worth the money.
Nasty food very expensive...too crowded and chaotic. Pls.go out of business asap
Loved the burger and shackmeister dog! Rootbeer float was awesome too!
Still one of the better chain burgers around
Awesome service, burgers are great and the shakes are amazing!
So much fun! Highly recommend it!
Friendly owners and good food
The best coffee and smoothies at the Best Prices!!  Loved it!!
Fast, super friendly service. Good price. Good coffee. What more do you want?
Great new mega former studio.  It is pilates reformer on steroids.
Staff is friendly and helpful. Clean, friendly, quiet environment.
AMAZING DONUTS!! I always look forward to Wednesdays for my pink box of donuts!!
Something for everyone. The chicken wings and garlic edamame are the best. Yum!!!
These tacos are the real deal - full of flavour, and huge!
Awesome happy hour 3.50 Dead Guys and $3 off on apps Great Place
Great food, nice atmosphere, good service, Mack and Chelsea were awesome!
Great food! Great service! John M is the BEST! North  Carolina loves you!
Great service, great location great food
Decent prices for the strip and huge portions that are tasty.
Amazing food. Cute waitresses. What more could you ask for?
Kaitlin was very personable and charming wait was longer but she was awesome
Best airport food ever !Great service !!
No other park like it. Kids loved it. Subs are great. Very clean. Staff top notch.
Embarrassing version of the original. Not much more to say
Plain cheese is the way to go!
3.99 for slaw. See photo. Pathetic.
Bobby is fantastic! I get so many compliments on my hair. Love love love.
Food was excellent.  Food tasted fresh
Finally - a place in Henderson to get great chicken shawarma!!
Love this place will definitely be back again!
Such a cute place! And the staff is really nice!
Good staff, food, drinks and fantastic decor! It is a must see if your in old town.
This is a great new place!  A must try!
Worst Gelato I've ever had!
Very disappointed that I ate here. Chicken is very dry. Portions are very small.
Really good food. Very flavorful. Service is awesome. Kimchi Mango is a must!!
If you like Musubi, you'll LOVE the Red Rice Musubi! This Hawai'i girl can't stop talking about it. Get it, get it, get it!
Amazing meal, great cocktails. Great deserts!
Wonderful service and very nice facility.
Outstanding food!   Love the cafe and service is outstanding
This place is awesome. Very good food. Wonderful service. Great experience!
A good buffet breakfast with fresh to order crepes. Quick service. Reasonable price.
Great food but seriously bad employees
Very nice Indian food; excellent ambience; both veg and non-veg tasty
Excellent. Both traditional dishes and fun tapas style options.
Amazingly authentic and traditional Indian food at its best
The tandoori chicken was amazing
I've had better. Food is average & so is the service.
Awesome indian food with a flavor of mumbai auto rickshaw!!!
Deliciously authentic !
Great food!! Found this gem on Yelp and well worth it!
The best service ever! Eddie is amazing and the food excellent!!
Quick service, and friendly staff, they did a great job on my pink and whites!
Nice setting soft music lunch time is nice.Try the lunch box.
Another awesome happy hour at SBC. Home made tots, awesome. Best double IPA in town!
Great service! Fast and good prices! Highly recommend this place!
Great service. Replaced screen fast and cheap.
Great quick service! I definitely recommend this place!
This place is awesome! Great prices and super fast service!!!! Thanks so much!!
Service was awesome.  Food was great.  I will definitely be back.
Cold Beer& Lots of TV's with sports. Just what I needed.
Great place to watch UFC...................................................
#6 is by far the most amazing sandwich ever.
Best sandwiches in Vegas.
Excellent sandwiches !!!
Delicious sandwich shop. A lot to choose from.
Best hidden secret in Vegas..... Great selection.... Totally recommend!!!
This company does amazing work.
The best chocolate croissant we've ever had!
Delicious food and friendly staff!!! Highly recommend  checking this place out!
Terrible.  Rude manager.
Great after-work spot! Good food, cool vibe. Great service.
By far the best spot I've been to in quite some time
Always a good spot! Great drinks and food food.
My favorite bar in Scottsdale, hands down.
Great lobster roll.  The tuna and guacamole is excellent
Priscilla was a pleasure to work with, and went above and beyond to meet our needs!
Great staff, excellent service. Priscilla and Peter are always there to help.
I wouldn't suggest going here. They are not big on customer service.
Great donuts and the ham & cheese croissants melt in your mouth.
Delicious donuts and friendly service!
Love their donuts!! Best in the business!!
Amazing donuts always fresh.
It's really the Lodge and everybody knows it, better then Shotgun Crappys
great food i love this place i recommend the chicken kabab
Just love this place--the ambiance and the food!
Well worth the visit. Food is exceptional.
Great food and drink. Will be back for more!
Great peaceful environment. Happy dogs all around! I'll definitely come back.
Best Groomer In Vegas, Hands Down
Great tasting beer. Tator tots were great. Pizza ok okay. Nice place.
Beer!  Bread pudding!
Place is really kept clean and looking good. Staff very friendly and fast !
Thanks for forgetting my hot fudge...very disappointed.
Good portion and taste. You won't find this quality easily.
Amazing food and amazing service. I always get spicy miso with pork belly
$2 a doughnut like place, made to order anything you can imagine
Good guys. Friendly and helpful. Good prices on services and merchandise.
Come see Samir for a quick repair at a great price ! Thanks Samir
Wow. Awesome. Great spot. Great staff. Incredible omelette options.
Fabulous service. And great kabobs!
Very good food! Loved it. Very nice people too.
Amazing poke bowls!!!!  And acai bowls!!!
Nice, clean,  great atmosphere,  good barbers
Love this place. Great happy hour. Great bartenders.
fab! thanks for dinner :)sexy foodelevated energy
Taylor is awesome! Great service. Great prices. Great food.
Super good ice cream!Try the pistachio! Real Turkish ice cream
Good variety for vegetarians!!! Had the panini and the hot bowl!! Loved them..
Loved all the salad combos.  Also enjoyed the rice bowls.
Food was fresh and delicious! The staff was really friendly too!
Excellent service - great sandwiches!
Always great time! Vicky is always awesome!
Come to bootcamp class every Thursday at 530. It's a blast
The service made up for the food.
Good food and nice bar! Cheap drinks too!
I got my company iPhone 5c fixed and Jeremy had it fixed fast. Great service.
The food was fantastic and spot on flavorwise.  Definitely will be back
Best Mexican food in the valley! !
Fantastic food.  Very clean and friendly atmosphere!  Green chile is delicious!
Amazing food! Excellent service, thank you Audrey for a great night.
Very good restaurant with friendly service and delicious food.
if this place is open when the weather cools off from the current 108 degree summer days, perhaps it would be worth paying a visit here because that would provide them enough time 6 months from now to get their act together.
They did an awesome job with our move.
The food was great but the service was shitty
Freaking awesome food... it! Green beans are the bomb.com
Nice atmosphere. THeir house sauce is amazing. Very friendly staff.
Could be the best burger in town! Like nothing else!
One of the BEST Burgers/Chicken  on the planet!
Excellent hair cuts and eyebrows all at a great price.
I  really like their food and the price is reasonable.
Authentic. No where else like it. Amazing charm and people.
I love this place!!! The food is great and the customer service is awesome.
A good spot for some ramen if you don't want to drive out to chinatown.
nice people good food！gonna come again！！
Too bad the service is terrible
Awesome wings and great staff. Better than bww I think. I will definitely be back.
Did a great job. Great attention to detail.
Love love love the flounder wrap!!!
Catfish was good crawfish was ok service was not good at all
Delish fresh food... great service by Phillip! Get the shrimp with Hot n Juicy sauce
Such a nice family staff. So friendly and helpful.
Really great food, Fantastic beer and friendly staff, all around a great experience!
Halle was great! Try the fish tacos and the cheese curds!
Expensive and deserts are watery and pictures in the menu are extremely misleading.
Great and fast customer service. Well priced for what we got!
What a beautiful spa when I walked in! I got a massage and it was really gooooood!
So amazed with friendly staff and beautiful Chapel.
Greg is a professional excellent realtor who helped us sell a home in Anthem AZ
Very friendly staff! Best place to get a smog in town
Very polite staff. Great prices
Amazing sushi, will not come back if they get rid of it. Keep the sushi!!!
Appalling service and cleanliness for a new location.
Boo. The breakfast sandwich was soggy and just nasty. Service was slow.
Angela is awesome!  Bought a cool hat there today. Good variety.
Christina is great! Highly recommended.
Wtf is with the parking? The scottsdale one is worth the drive still...
This place is amazing!!!! Been here 5x always great you have to try it out
Love my Thai Street!!!! I am addicted to the Thai iced tea...
Best Thai food in Las Vegas!!!
Absolutely awesome, great vibe, great food, great service!!
This place is really good! Tastes are great and service is nice!
Drunken noodles and Thai ice tea are phenomenal!
Great service from SOL and food was amazing they have great lunch specials
Best meal of our visit to Vegas! Friendly staff, amazing food!
This place is awesome! Big portions and very flavorful!
Great food, great service, and cute place!
Great little Thai place off the strip! Right behind the Fashion Show Mall.
Excellent Thai food in a not so family friendly area of town.
You can give it a shot .. not the best but not the worst too..
They do take customers reviews. Excellent job in food quality and service!!!
I agree with the other young lady this location is always clean and organized .
Great breakfast and price point! Whole Hog omelette is very tasty!
Go for the breakfast burrito
The food here is amazing!! You can't go wrong with this for breakfast or lunch
Great food and service for a good price. Food portions were great!
Luciano Gesauldo gave us excellent service and made me the most delicious drink!
Good food. Great experience. Service is fast. Great service from Christian.
Everything from dinner to breakfast was awesome!!!!!!! Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
These guys are awesome.
Great place for a morning coffee. Relaxing atmosphere and delicious coffee.
Highly recommend the pour over family blend! Amazingly smooth! Great atmosphere!
Absolutely the best coffee hands down I ever had !!! Awesome staff as well!!
Not bad for opening up and getting started.
Nitrogenated cold brew coffee floats...do I need to say any more!
Had a great time food was wonderful  compliments  to the chef.
Delicious food and great place for Cajun food. I Love Cajun food. Nice people there
Loved everything I've had there. Best Cajun I've had in a long time.
Nice place and nice people! Friendly service :)
My favorite place for sushi in town is back
Great Sushi.. Great Service and fast.. Love it.  We will be back....fresh and great
I absolutely love the quinoa salad and the freshly made hummus! Delicious!
Great pizza and wings!
Great Pizza! Friendly employees. Highly recommended
Great place, great service and authentic Italian fare
Probably the best pasta I have ever eaten anywhere.
Excellent pizza and vibes. Definitely my new favorite pizza joint!!
Great food! Service was good. Definitely worth the stop.
Very good NY style Italian Food & Pizza...outdoor patio & bar tables
Great place!  Always nice and friendly.
Awesome food, makes olive garden seem like mcdonalds  great friendly service!!
Wonderful new Italian place in Queen Creek! Great Service, good food, great prices!
A cute spot to hang out and enjoy desserts & drinks
Nice place.  Good mocha.
Justice was very helpful and knowledgeable. Thank you for the awesome juice!!!!
We have been here a number of times and have not been disappointed yet.
Great place to eat, family had a blast!
Great food, great service, great management team....good prices
It was packed, food was ok, service was good!
Great Food Choices and Great And Friendly Service
Amazing and worth every penny!!
Great food!  Delicious hand made tortillas. Good salsas and good service.
Go here all the time! Good cooks, even better customer service
Love this place!! Good service, good sake good times.
Great food. Fast service. Polite waiters! I really like it here!
Best donuts in Arizona.
Ahi tuna was the best I ever had. Nice atmosphere too. Friendly staff.
Great food!   Love the location! They treated us like family!
This place has delicious grilled cheeses samiches.
Awesome venue for our neighborhood!
Love the fresh dough and mozzarella!
AMAZING!! I think we just found our new favorite pizza joint.. Definitely on point!
Great service and foodThank you
Excellent food, nice atmosphere and wonderful service!
Good food good service
Sales person not helpful at all.. Bad service. Should be a zero!
No pressure when my BF and I came for a queen mattress for the guest room.
The custard pie is good, their selection is good and the cakes look well decorated.
I love this place. Amazing sandwiches and service.
Buffalo Chicken Pizza is delicious !
Very nice place - clean and great massages as part of the basic pedicure!
The best! Fresh, fast and good for your wallet. Nuff said!!
Great food great idea.
Excellent thin crust pizza!!
Shit my brains out and still went back for 3 straight days. 5 stars
Very clean and the staff is very friendly!
Great ingredients! Chocolate chip oatmeal pancakes are delicious!
Big portion, exceptional tasting, healthy fresh food. A must try. Love this place!!!
Tam is fantastic! I always get compliments on my hair!
This place is awesome, great service, great price, great location.
Ben has cut my hair for years! He is a flawless barber I highly recommend him.
Quick service.. Phone was ready within an hour like they said... Very impressed...
These guys did an amazing job. Very fast and affordable. Would come back anytime!
Deanna is very professional.  I highly recommend her to anyone AND everyone!!!!
Delicious! The owners were super friendly and the food was so good!
Great food... But probably the worst service ever.
Everything about it was just wonderful.
Wow, great flavor. Very taste.  Looking for other locations for future visits.
45 min and still waiting
The best nordie bar to snack on. Grab a few lattes and good to go.
Best donuts and yummy ice thai tea boba drink!
Délicieux burgers, ambiance originale et sympa,
It was very good, it tasted like food from a farmers market, fresh.
Their lamb chops are very delicious!Their skewers is also very good
Delicious!!! Henry the owner really and courteous  recommended !!!!
Amazing food and amazing people!!!!!  I would follow this truck anywhere!!!
Nice nail salon but prices are not consistent and change based on who you ask.
I gave them another chance. NEVER again. This is after 1 week.
Awesome everything!!!
A very good experience.  Amber was so attentive.
Great breakfast.  First time we ate at this location,  we'll be back for sure.
Great food, great service. See Nicole, she's awesome!
The best chicken and waffles we've ever had....hands down!!!!
It's a lil busy due to just opening at this location but other wise very delicious
Service was slow and terrible
Service so slow, bad, inept I didn't have a chance to eat.......and I won't be back.
Crap! Pure and simple. Don't waste your time!  Service, food, atmosphere. Garbage!
Nice place, good food but the music is way to loud. You have to yell to visit.
First time here.. Had an assortment of flavors and it was excellent.
Good place for drinks and bowling, not a fan of the food.
Awesome authentic P.R. food.
Food is really good. Well seasoned and great  flavor
Awesome fun! Great fun with friends!!
Awesome food and great wait staff. Corned beef hash was delicious!
Biscuits and Gravy is sooooo good!
Nicest people. Best food. Will make this a frequent stop every chance I get
Simply: breakfast perfection!
Best breakfasts in town....great great place....feels like home...great people.
Great food, great service!
Service is bomb.  Food is Bomb.  Prices are bomb.
This place is as good as every one says... excellent food and excellent service
We just ate here for breakfast and it was awesome! Great staff! Great food!
Super good food. Very affordable and the staff is amazing!!
We got the Janna Wrap and side of hashbrowns.  Both were light and delicious!!!
The food was Awsome we will be back.. Service was great ..
Great food, great price, exceptional service - what are you waiting for?!?
Amazing food, great service, and a great price.
Best breakfast place in Vegas!
The food was delicious and the customer service OUTSTANDING.
Good food fast pace turning table and food fast. Nice people! Good prices
Outstanding breakfast!  Bountiful menu with delicious selections.
The Jenna breakfast burrito was so good I may order one to go!! Honestly amazing.
Great way to spend a birthday amazing service and food!! Highly recommended!!!
Amazing place to have a drink or to have a bite of some delicius Polish food
Checked it out after looking on Yelp, the reviews are spot on food is fantastic!
Friendly people and great food and amazing place for lunch
Pretty good place. Have been here twice and have not been disappointed.
Horrible service. Food was plain and not good.
Got the cilantro lime fish tacos and they were bomb. Smoothies are good too.
This salon is great and they do the best pedicure with the best massage ever.
Awesome food !!! Get the chicken and waffles!! Come here it's great food!!
Slow service cold food
Horrible service. ...and this place doesn't even have a phone number !!!!!
Great food, good times and plenty of things to do, plus a great atmosphere!
Amazing coffee, and amazing customer service!
First day there and I already love it ...will definitely become a member
Awesome food and never disappoints! It's a taste of Maine right here in Arizona!
Closed on Sunday a 3:00pm-ish?  Still in business?
Loveeeee it!Vegan dairy free & gluten free ! Can't get any better!
Great amazing work and great hospitality and great prices a def must return for work
Best doughnut in Maricopa . They are light and fresh. Always friendly.
Delicious and the plenty of options!
Excelente y muy rico la atención , al mil.
Great drinks and food! So many televisions you watch all the games from any seat.
Nice atmosphere. Good pizza and nice service
When you're in Vegas, this is a must stop!
Great place for sushi and reasonable in price!
I give this place 3.8 rating. Quality is ok, not the best but just ok.
I'm obsessed with lily! She my favorite bartender... Makes the best drinks in Vegas!
I just spent $120 and now I have to go buy dinner. Won't be back.
Best roasted chicken ever and best prices, will be back for sure soon
You have got to try all the food!!
You could customize your pho with your own choice of meats. They also have Vietnamese coffee served with the French press - a 'must try'
Very nice face painting and balloons. Highly recommend.
Great service, competitively priced and they stand by their workmanship.
Amazing!!!! Amazing people. Amazing food . Amazing atmosphere. Ill totally be back
The menu, restaurant and food are excellent.
Best kosher and middle eastern tapas restaurant. Fresh and tasty ....
Wow, food and service both outstanding. So happy to have a new choice in the hood.
Great company!  Fast, friendly, & honest!
Great delivery times and service. I always use B&D delivery service.
Decent prices, but food needs more favorable spices. Meat needs to be marinated.
They have iPhone 6S in stock!!
The cocktails are only slightly bested by the superb service. This place is tops. Hendrik Lamar and Ruby Tuesday went down a treat.
Excelente servicio, muy amable, puntual y precios razonables.
Great place for kiddos! My son loved it. Very friendly staff. Great energy burner.
The food is always amazing and fast. Love this place.
Julie was awesome and the pineapple upside down cake was just as good
Worst sound and hidden fee.
This place is amazing! From the ceviche to the beer selection. Just yum all around
Best breakfast in a long time
Manda is absolutely amazing!! She is thoughtful and knows her customers very well!
Joseph is the bomb dot com! This place is awesome!!!
Free shot for a review! Great ambience! And they work withy you with the music
Great food! And Antonio is dope, thank you for everything
I love this place, especially the workers!
Love it here its great!
Great place to kick it friendly staff.  Love it here. Check out the food menu
Great place but even better service and food
Great service! Fun place to come and hang out with friends and have a good time!
This place is totally daebak!!!
Great nice guys. We're wonderful hosts. Would definitely come back
Great Atmosphere. Great food and drinks. Antonio is a master behind the bar!
Awesome place!!! New and modern and cheap drinks
The best ... EVER ... definitely a place to go hang out ...
Great staff that they have going on here. Very friendly
Awesome place, great rooms, great song selection!
Place is the best! They have great bottle prices!!!
Yo!! This place is so legit. Bomb music and drinks. The owners rock. Come.
Dope music. Nice bar tenders. He atmosphere is cool. Modern and industrial bar.
Updated music, good service, very clean!
Great service, fun times, love this place!
Great vibe and great service!
Such a great atmosphere! There's books and outlets. Karaoke and sushi!
When I think of karaoke I think of Antonio J karaoke is a great time for all ages!
Cozy, comfortable place, great sofa, hip music,  good for small group gathering
Very fun, had a great time, Will be back again the next time we are in town
cool place! drinks are great and service was awesome
Ambiance is very edgy! Best karaoke joint in China town!!!
Great place to come sing. Awesome bartenders. Great place to hang out.
Cool place to hang when not on the strip
Awesome Karaoke Bar and lots of fun with friends!
Free shots!!! Great ppls good music! Clean!
Damn this place is awesome! Awesome interior and bar
Great food and good service.  Huge steaks.
The prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly, and the french fries were great!!
Great, quick & friendly service
Awesome new cocktail bad focusing on grappa and grappa cocktails.
Great stop if I'm craving, I've had better but this place still hits the spot.
Amazing service !!!! A must go to in Vegas
Love Love Love! Location & Food amazing!
Loved this place! Love being able to challenge myself.
Nice restaurant, their calzone is really good!
Staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the e-juice is beyond good.
Would never go back. Terrible quality food. Bad service.
It was an amazing experience, great food great service. will definitely come back.
Really really fresh and delicious! Buy two rolls get one free!
Good food, great service, great atmosphere! I would recommend to anyone!
Service EXCELLENT.Nourriture très bonne.
Good food, not pricy. The staff is great!
This place is really good. Great sauces and fries.
food is great. service is great!!
Lacks any kind of customer service
Go to Tina for your pedicure, she gives the best massages!
Love this place !!! Very attentive!!! Definitely coming back!!
Best store, experience, dresses and prices ever!!!! I am obsessed with my dress!!!!
Really good & affordable waffles. A must go when in Vegas!!!
Tommy makes the best drinks!!!!!  And is soooo fun, makes you feel right at home!
Cute place and the bartender Tommy is AMAZING!!!
Awesome food and drinks at a good price.
Very warm and cool bar....great beer selection....one of my new favorites .
Great service. Great selection. Great food. Highly recommended
Thanks Jess!  Lovin' your artwork!
This place sucks. Cool arcade tho.
Very small, but fun family owned place. People who work there are nice and helpful.
Amazing! Love this place!
Comfortable, friendly atmosphere and good service to boot!
Excellent food.. Kelley at the bar was an excellent bartender.
Awesome quick service and delicious food! Love the pasta bread bowls!
Great customer service! Very helpful!
Great place !! Brunch is the bomb food and drink always good- this place is huge
Great new place to bring the kids and the dog!
Best theater in town best sound and video quality!!!!!!! We were the first to sit in it and sadly the first to leave a mess lol
I love this Hawkins theater, i literally go here almost every other week.
Brand new theater.  Many screens.  Late showtimes.
New theater so it's very clean. The staff is curtious and keeps up the cleanliness.
Great place to come to, staff is super friendly and it's always clean!
Best nail salon ever! Friendly, clean, and great quality nails!
I love the way they're with people so friendly and I'm so happy I will b back ..
Absolutely delicious!!! I had the Sinful Grilled Cheese! It was amazing!!!!
Great food, great people. Very friendly! We had pulled pork and rib tips. Yum.
Hands down best collard greens and bbq in the valley.  Great soul food
Great people and great food :)
Amazing BBQ and friendly owners make you feel right at home!
Our family's favorite restaurant in the area.
Love, love, love this place. The food is fresh, healthy, well priced and delicious.
Very fresh food. Very good Mac and cheese!
In my experience, this particular Pizza Hut has exceptional customer service.
Fast pizza, took no time at all to make and it was fresh, hot and delicious!
So glad your back Best stir fry in town Have miss this placeNo one does it better
Insanely good,and a great deal.My favorite place in Las Vegas!
Place is so good love coming here to eat when I have the chance :)
Place is so good love coming here to eat when I have the chance :)
great food, tastes great !! service is excellent. i will be back.
Hole in the wall but food is really good. Actually a clean and nice place!
First time here and I love it ! I will be back for sure.
A refreshing change in the boring Phoenix cuisine.
D-Lish! The ice cream cookies are so friggn good!!!!
The fresh cookies are delicious and the customer service is amazing!
Great sushi very fresh great service.
Love this place! So happy they opened a location 5 minutes up the road!!!
Here at Pink Nails with my wife. Great services and very good employees!
My nails have never looked and felt so FABULOUS!!!
The atmosphere and staff are absolutely amazing here!!! I love coming here!!!
Love it here! Great location, friendly staff, and never a long wait.
clean, friendly and relxaxing! need i say more !
Great food. Great atmosphere!
Mob Boss Sicilian Pizza was delicious!
Can't wait to try everything on the menu. So far I give it a 100%.
Yummy brunch menu with bottomless mimosas and sangria!
Great food and decor, not too expensive and awesome homemade hot sauce.
Delicious and interesting flavors. Not your average gelato store.
The chocolate sorbet is tasty here
I highly recommend this cafe! Great service & amazing food and smoothies!
Had a great time relaxing and watching some football with Tyrone!
Best wings around hands down
Fitness-Cycle-Yoga-CrossFit Reveal
Love this place, so friendly. Great job Sandy!!
Great place! Friendly and nice environment!
Attention to detail and the nicest ladies ever!
Horrible service left with my nails looks bubblely and the paint peeling right off.
Old skool burger is great.  Love the bun.
The food is delicious, presentation clever and service helpful and friendly
One word - Maple Bacon Donut Milkshake!
Great burger and tap beer!
Luv this place.. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!! I'll be back!!
Gyro Wrap was fabulous and the atmosphere was great
Delicious food. Impeccable service
Excellent food, great service, friendly local restaurant  atmosphere.
Beautiful setup. Great service. Amazing food.
Amazing cocktails and atmosphere. The cookie for dessert is delicious!
Food was good def different but refreshing!
Amazing food and nice people.  I will be back very soon.
Nice staff very good in what they do ! Highly recommended !!!
D- licious!!! 2 coneys with extra onion and Rock & Rye!!!  Tastes like home :P
So nice and clean!  I'm glad it's here. I don't have to drive so far now.
Very good pizza, came twice and both time very good, it's a place to try
The crepes here are sooo tasty. Mmmm
Awesome place to chill and have coffee and tea.
Great food, great ambiance and love the look of this place!
1 hour wait ridiculous and their was plenty of table to sit
Awesome place great service and plenty to choose from!
Awesome place and food..... Now where are the bloody Mary's?
Great food and menu selection. The decor is open and spacious
Lil bit of a wait but the food and service made up for it...
The food is delicious and the staff is super friendly!
Belgian waffle smells like heaven!! Little wait but oh so worth it!!!
As good as it gets new favorite place everyone is very nice and the food is great!
Best place to go for Breakfast!
Good Chinese Food 。I will back
Awesome food... Chef Nick is amazing!!!! Great negroni's, and gnocchi!
Great place to grab a drink and hang out
Wonderful, just wonderful!
Delish! Service is great!
See my check in for my write up. Great place. Awesome food and super cool staff
Amazing service... And amazing food! Absolutely love!!!
Good food we go once a week close to the best in the valley!
Very tasty and at a great price.
A bit pricey and slow service. Food was just ok.  Wish The Mill was still there
This place is amazing! How did it take me this long to find this place????
This place is amazing everyone is so nice and the place is very clean
Wonderful place to go get your nails done!
Candy nails never disappoints ! I love how my nails came out AGAIN !
Best drive good experience definitely worth the money
Love this place, the gyro with the soup is a tasty treat.
Good food and good service!!!
Everthing taste average or even worse
Lovely place! Awesome tacos! Awesome staff and owner! Always a pleasure to go there!
Don't put money into a permanent sign. You're not gonna need it in 30 days!
Best new nail salon in Henderson! Amazing staff.
Love this place!  Great food and great staff!
Brandon thanks for the great bar service. Good food too. Had an enjoyable lunch.
Georgette and Chris made our dinner so pleasurable!!
Scumbags trying to scam the public.  This is Fraud
Traditional savory and sweet crepes. Just like in France
Such good crepes and the sweetest staff!  Yum!!
Increible. Empanadas muy buenas a la proxima pruebo la mojarra.
Delicious food. Best Colombian food in Las Vegas!
Angela did a wonderful job on my massage. I highly recommend this place!!!
Go see Jason, always hooks my boys up with the cut they like!
Got right in. Billie did an excellent job. Very friendly and very reasonably priced.
Love the new place in the hood.   Great customer service
Excellent atmosphere, food cocktails happy hour, all wonderful. We'll be back
Wonderful service and amazing food!!
My new favorite south Summerlin Vietnamese restaurant.  Curry Pho was incredible!
Freshly cooked food every time. Reasonable pricing and they offer military discount.
For some quality work you need to hit this guy up he goes above and beyond
Great place for kids wonderful staff.
Love it! Great view from the patio, awesome service, tasty scones.
Cold brew with caramel is where it's at!! Soo good
Easiest and healthiest way to eat!!! Best bowls in town!
Kicks my butt every time!  I've lost over 10 lbs since I started.
Awesome work out and 5 star customer service! Loved this studio and the instructor.
An excellent pest control company. I highly recommend them.
Delicious. Highly recommend the pot stickers.
This place is great ... Good, service, atmosphere price ... All 5 star! Very cool!
Food is just ok and the service is terrible! So so slow
Good food and very spicy. Noddles are really good
Small hidden, clean nice staff good food.
Great service and absolutely delicious food! Must try the beef hot pot!!!!!!! Mmmmm
Very good food excellent taste highly recommend little secret spot!
great customer service. We ordered chongqing noodle and fish stockpot. Delicious!
Great food and service. Very authentic. Go to this place for spicy food.
Nice place, nice menu!
We had so much food and loved it.
It's Hooters. You know what you're getting.
This place is amazing!!! New clean and professional environment!! Highly recommend
Jenny did a fantastic job on my pedicure, I highly recommend her!
Best Chinese restaurant around PERIOD.
Got a free bed frame just for checking in here!
Got a free bed frame just for checking in here!
Mmmm great gyros, tasty, ample portions and fresh!
Great barber shop would highly recommend both the barbers can cut extremely well.
Best ramen soup in montreal! Amazing veggie option! A must visit in montreal!
Food is not great and very over priced for the quality.. place is run by kids..
Delicious fajitas and awesome chips guacamole!  Won't be disappointed.
Best shop on the planet!
Unfortunately, due to the abhorrent customer service, profoundly demeaning ego of the staff, and completely inept technical ability of the Flat Tire bike shop in cave creek, I will be taking my business elsewhere. I recommend you do, as well.
Good secluded location.
The best, Jerry.  The best.
Cool dog and tot place.. clean and fresh
Awesome food great service...my new favorite spot to eat downtown
Great venue, great service, good food!
Very good, affordable super tasty food.
Great food.  Great prices.  Nice service.  Try them out!!
Great food. Super fresh. I will definitely be back.
Wow! What great service, just great, super job 4 senses!!
Very professional and prompt. Efficient and quick. Very highly recommend!
What a great festival!!
Expensive snacks on a roof deck with no view or atmosphere ... or service.
Tiffany did a great job, and I'll definitely be back!
Amazing place and family. A must while in LV.
Great food , well priced! Great service
Great food and atmosphere. Best pizza I have found thus far.
Great new bbq place friendly staff and amazing food!!!
Neighborhood gem. Good food, great service but unfortunately no alcohol license yet.
We love Arawan! The food is delicious! There is no better Thai food in Vegas
The food is very good.Service is excellentI like it here
Good food with a great view of the tracks in downtown Fort Mill.
Great burgers, great local beer selection and great staff!
Very nice sports bars/restaurant.  Friendly staff and the food is pretty good .
Keri is awesome! She will take great care of you =)
Fabulous food. Reasonable prices. Very flavorful.
They nailed it!! Great flavor!!
Everything is so fresh & tasty. Love it!
Forget the Witchery. This is the best restaurant in Edinburgh!
Great place to relax and to have a Sunday treat.
1 Word:  Amazing!  Food was so good!
Jessica is the Best hairstyle I've ever been to
Fresh ingredients and great taste
Great service....prompt, fresh, delicious unique!
Peggy is amazing. You won't find anyone better, or more professional.
Excellent all around Heather was awesome. A must try especially if new to waxing!
Heather is awesome. Definitely best brows in the game!
Excellent Selection Amazing Service I definitely recommend this shop!!!!
Excellent food and serviceHighly recommend
Excellent service, friendly and fast. Will come back for waxing and facials.
Very good buffet at a great price. So glad it's here in Steele Creek!
Food is not bad but I didn't like the service. Don't think will go back.
Great place to get your vaping needs
Best place to get flip flops or a reasonable price!
Go see Jill in the wine bar... She's awesome!!! Bloody Mary's are great...
Congratulations! Beautiful Spot! Best place to get Fresh 2 Def!
This place is amazing great drinks and great service :) the bartender was so nice
We love fresh box! Especially make your own !!!!
Great restaurant. Get the lobster! It's the best that I've ever had! Must try!
WOW the Curry Goat and plantains were incredible
Service slow. Tables dirty. Cool view of the game
Great spot! Love the look. Great food!
This place is the biggest disappointment
Great setup, awesome glass humidor, and nice facility all together!
Lack of premium liquor choices.
Great vibe. Good coffee. Light meals. Excellent wifi.
Robin is the best this is the place. Best set of stiletto nail I've ever had
Great service, great team! Super happy with everything. You won't be disappointed!
Wonderful people, with a wonderful restaurant!!!! Get hooked!!!!
Nice new place to dine. Friendly folk and a LOCAL business come support them
Probably the best macaroons ever!!!!!!
Love this place!!! Delicious cookies and great service! Love it love it love it
Yarin was great! Recommended the most amazing flavors! Truly amazing!!!
Awesome service & great treats
Best Lebanese on Wellington!!
Is so good ! I like this place ! The noodle is so yummy ! So good so good !
Best noodles I've ate in Vegas!!!!
good food, terrible terrible service
Me and my boyfriend love this place great food! It's a little small though
Great food and cold drinks and off track betting so great
Definitely prefer this place over Tofu Hut or any other all you can eat Korean BBQ
Best Korean Eat All you can in Vegas!
The salt n oil sauce was amazing!!
Great food and nice atmosphere. My first Korean bbq experience. I'll be back.
They are sweet and amazing
I love my lashes! This place is so nice, calm, and relaxing. Definitely worth it!
Raising cane's     Is the best chicken meal that u can get in Casa Grande .
It was nice to try once but pricey and will not come back.
The casa Margarita was vile. It's worse than pre made grocery store blend. Skip it.
Amazing food. Great service.  Staff I'd awesome we will be back.
Cool concept, OK food, and good drinks but poor service and expensive.
Fancy place, horrible food.
I love this place a latte!
Great sandwiches I love the roast beef great service to
Spicy ramen was to die for love this place. Keep up the good work guys
Best burger I can remember ever having.  The mob burger is a must get
Best Nail Designs & Best Products! Love my nails every time I leave!
Friendly staff and delicious food!!!
Veggies aren't fresh. Employees are rude
Love this place! Quick delivery and delicious food!
It was a very pleasant experience. I didn't not feel rushed or pressured.
Servers are very friendly and knowledgable about beer- wonderful place!!
Amazing service. Great atmosphere and good beer. Love it!!!!!!
Great job, even with a little construction they did an amazing job.
Awesome Espresso Shake!Great place to catch up on my email and meet co-workers
Everything was very smooth!
Love it. Had a horchata latte the other day and it was superb.
Definitely in the top 5 dumplings in Montreal.
Best place in Town for a relax night eating dumplings and sake !
Awesome ipa, clean, crisp, and soooo flavorful. Cool realized atmosphere.
Amazing food, better then Gino's and Pat's in Philly. We will be back for sure.
This place is legit and friendly, quick service!
They had free pizza tonight ! A huge line but well worth it !!!
Great food and amazing customer service.
Chipotle-like assembly line pizza. Pretty good, great prices.
Great pizza. Service was great and the the prices are reasonable.
Chipotle of pizza places. Extremely good, fast, and cheap. My family loves it here!
Free Kid's Jamba Juice Day!!!!
Great brands, low prices! Friendly workers and clean environment.
Nice hamburger awsome..cool music
Great company. Friendly people and great service.
Awesome company .. Very professional and prices are amazing!
Amazing food! Get the enchiladas!
Awesome place!   So glad we came.  The food, atmosphere, and service was great!
Une autre belle réussite de Martin Juneau!
Wonderful customer service, delicious coffee, & very well priced!
Rob was very professional and knowledgeable. Quick response
Mad Greenie juice was awesome!!!
Worst customer service.. Gave my food awayDon't even want to eat it
I followed them from Monticello and they are still fabulous.
I got the yellow currie with chicken, it was very good.
Best Pad Thai around...great appetizers will continue to eat there anytime!!
We love this place! Great food for a good price. The curry dishes are our favorite!
Good food and excellent friendly service! Authentic Japanese ramen.
Always great to get my hair done by the best Conny Wissenback!!
Amazing tacos. Interior is tight but the food is always great.
Great food great service. Excellent experience. Thank you. My new favorite.
Beautiful foods with a really friendly and warm owners. I love this restaurant
Excellent food!! I'm coming back often!!! Yummy
What a great find! You forget you're in the airport!
Front end staff and managers NOT friendly
Excellent food, service, and prices.  The three of us were very satisfied.
Good food. Loud tho hope da food is tha same. They have my wife drinkin beer lol
Brandon was AWESOME his knowledge of the food was very impressive.
Great food and great service highly recommended
Love this place! Ahi tacos and buffalo cauliflower is my favorite!!
Okay food, nice environment, average service at about $35 person.
The micro beer and the burger was great
Love the meat Jun and the chow mein.big potions . will  recommend to all my friends
Absolutely wonderful poke
Awesome place. Good coffee. I would recommend both carpaccio and mocha here
Tres gros et délicieux sandwich au poulet Je vais y retourner certains.
So glad this awesome sub placed came to Maricopa!! We love our subs "Mikes way"!
Amazing company. I have transformed my self and life with their guidance!
Excited for this New Mexican neighborhood bar and restaurant!
Great drinks very friendly people good food. I recommend this place
Love the food ! Great atmosphere ! Best Place to have breakfast, lunch and dinner !
Authentic New Mexican Food!!!!
You will love them. She treats the dogs like family. They love her.
Yummy favors , nice service and huge portions.
Good appetizers/drinks/LIVE music! Come on thru!
Had a light lunch off the buffet.   Great food and friendly server.     Good value
So good great price it's a must try!
Great food.  Excellent price.
Super fresh & authentic!I LOVE their Uni Bowl!
You will see me and my husband here every weekend.  Very clean and super relaxing
We love this place Great coffee and doughnuts and very friendly owner
Delicious meal, great service!! I can't wait to come back.
Great beer, great bartenders, beautiful space!
This gelato is excellent and worth the drive from North LasVegas.
Every flavor I've sampled has been delicious. Glad to have this place so close.
The best service I have ever had at a Chinese restaurant.
Very good food, reasonably priced with large portions.  Clean and quiet.
Great tasting bagels. Nice and clean shop. Very friendly staff.
Great place for bagels
Best swimsuit selection in all AZ and super professional and friendly staff!
Crack fries. Nothing else matters about this place.
I miss this incredible coffee joint terribly! Best coffee in Montreal!
I love the atmosphere here and the donuts
Best IT company in town hands down. Very knowledgeable and reliable
Best place to do a juice cleanse in Las Vegas. Affordable and tastes great.
Clean and inviting nail spa. Friendly service. Awesome spa chairs, great pedi.
Really really yummy! Clean and very nice service! I can't wait to go back!
Best food in Vegas. Must checkout spot in Vegas.
Just died and went to heaven. Love this place.
Gobi manchurian, so awesome!  Loved the Vindaloo!
Our sever was awsome.  Food was great. Very nice decor. Will def come back.
Cute salon. Great prices! Walk-ins accepted. Nice stylists!!!
First experience today and I am hoping it will be better the next time .
#chickfila please come and save #lasvegas
Everything we had was great!
If you want great pizza this place is a must!
Awesome place! Definitely a must if you're  a fashion bug!!!!!
Excellent service and they have Khalil mamoon hookahs which is awesome )
The food is delicious !! The Staff is very friendly !! I'm eating here all the time
The best Sonoran hotdogs ever!!!
Great place! I'm happy I have one near where I live! Service, ehhh.
Seriously just go grab a burrito at the BP next door and heat it yourself
Very good coffee spot for downtown working people.
Very good coffee spot for downtown working people.
Good wings! Tried the hot and lemon pepper wings.
Great beer and even better atmosphere.
Jess was the best.  Made us feel like we were her only table tonight.
Great food and service.  We will definitely be back:)
Excellent food, and service.
I love the options. It is busy so go early!
Absolutely best food in service ever highly recommend
Love this place. Very friendly employees and coffee was so gooooood.
Love love love this place!  Great staff so positive. They always turn my day around.
Love Dutch Bros! Coffee is always great and the service is exceptional!
Excellent!  And most amazing coffee selections!
Amazing staff!! Always friendly!!! Amazing coffee!!
Excellent service and excellent food.  Will return next time in Vegas
Excellent! Awesome! Great food! Service on point!!!!!!!!!! Highly recomended!!!!!!!!
Best restaurant I've ever been to and gone several times
Don't eat too much sides as you'd want to get your money's worth on the meat.
Best coffee shop in the world! Don't miss out.
Decent food, cute inside. Prices way too high for portions
Long Board, fish tacos and coconut shrimp....heaven.
Great clam chowder and appetizers.
Eddie at the bar is will make your night-too funny!
Good!! Service is great!！will come here next time!
Food was cold and expensive didn't enjoy it
Good place to eat, good food and good service, price is reasonable as well
Best hummus hands dwn!
Fantastic service at incredible prices. Anahit is wonderful. Bring all your friends.
I got All you can eat here. I love the OMG roll  it's so good
Very clean and nice staff yummy sushi!!
Awesome place! Gave it a try and truly not disappointed!
Great prices and customer service.
Excellent  food and service!!
Really really good food was really awesome first time here better than waffle house
Overpriced airport food.  Quality is questionable.
Great  food! Family friendly!!!! I'm coming back for sure!
Fantastic service! A nice relaxing ambiance and great food.
Excellent service. Exceeded our expectations!
The best poke and really fast and great service!! Worth every penny!
Great service , great salad. Great environment :) feeling cosy over here
Excellent service! Great food and environment! Would definitely recommend
Very delicious sushi! Very nice!!
Newly Remodeled Everything, with Good Admission Prices.
Amazing experience! Great customer service, and outstanding staff!
Great comfortable place to be to enhance your beauty.
One of my new favs! Loved the atmosphere, food and amazing location!!!
Great food, especially the steak tartar and pork chops AMAZING!!!!!!
Best French Dip ever! Michael Moran took amazing care of us!
Michael Miran was awesome. Even when losing his voice was very attentive!!!!
Very professional company.Highly recommended
No call, no show, no good
Love the show. Love the comics!!!!
Best wings I've had in Vegas... Customer service is just as good.
The food is delicious and Rami is super nice, makes you feel special!
They have really good food if I could I would order from here every single day
So happy to have some good dim sum in madison!!
Excellent job they do!!
Great pizza, prices and super friendly staff!
It is always busy but they have good prices and they are well stocked.
So happy to have a Boba Tea Shop in AZ. Very flavorful and convenient.
Amazing drinks, wonderful people, great atmosphere! Love it here
Great everything!!!!!! The service, the food, the environment, all was so great!
Awesome Food, Bloody Mary Bar and DJ Craig was Killer!
Outstanding real estate agents, helpful team and AMAZING property management!
The food is good but the service sucks!
OMG!!! The Italian beef w spicy peppers really hit the spot! A must try!
Really good Italian beef. Definitely a must with the cheese fries. Delicious!!!
Great service and great food.
Worst food and worst costumer service I've had in Arizona
Come, bring your friends, get ready for an awesome experience!!
Amazing food, staff, and manager. Will be going back again and again.
J'ai vraiment aimé leur sushi, très bonne qualité-prix
Great prices and fresh food! A must stop for your next sushi order!
Very good food must try!
Tasty brews with creative names. Great atmosphere. What's not to like?!
Always refreshing venti Carmel frappe anytime of day!
The art of Hollandaise is incredible!
Delicious food and what a selection.
Bomb! Great food, great service!
There are 2 locations, one on the 1st floor and one on the 2nd.
I was there last night and the bar was packed. Pizza was amazing!!!!
Great new pizza joint! Friendly owners!
Good food & service I received my food in less than 5 minutes after I ordered.
Nice decor. Good staff. Very friendly!
Great service and the stylists are awesome!!
The best cheese turnover I've ever had in my life. 100 % recommended.
Brew Tea Bar is the only tea bar I will visit when I'm in Vegas!!!
Close by home and the first time trying a new flavor and I didn't dislike it .
The best tea place in Las Vegas.
Best Jasmine Tea Latte with sea salt! Mmmmm! My new fave
Great customer service and the best boba in Vegas hands down!!!
This place is amazing.  Good fresh food
Bomb food. Great nfl games menu cheap and delicious. Happy hour great
We wait for at least 10'min they not even offer is a water... We just leave....
Fast and healthy food. Not many pleaces of this kind on the west valley.
Great service and even better food.. We will be back for sure!!
Came on Saturday @ 10:30pm, nobody here. Like no patrons and no bartenders. Had to wait for bartender. Who waits for a bartender at an empty bar?
To die for!! The lobster bisque will bring you to your knees.
Convenient and close! Love this place!!!
I have been going with her for years at the Galleria Mall. She does a great job.
Best Mexican food I have ever had in Arizona!  Hands down!
Cold food, hair in sushi, cold food again. Manager was a nice guy. 30 dollar loss.
This is one of my best restaurant in Montreal. Taste really good.
Best bubble tea in Madison! Great selection of tea and milk tea!
Amazing food!! Staff is always courteous.
I always get extra toppings!
Honest locksmith and on time. Joey is really the king key!
Joey came by super quick and was great with service! Good dude and great service.
Great selection of wine and beer.  And they have Truffle Chips!
24 hour pool and wings! Cheap prices.... Nothing fancy, it's okay.
This place is amazing!
Amazing Service! Delicious Sushi!Great Happy Hour Specials!
excellent customer service.  clean store
Vi was awesome! Def gotta check her out when you go in. Super nice and friendly !
Great food and finally a good dine in option in this area
I'm going back again and again!
This place is awesome!!!    We heard about it on The Rocking Comedy Show guys!!!!
Awesome shop, great cause! Looking forward to my next tattoo!
Very clean. Great service. Food are delicious and reasonable price.
This place is awesome and the staff is very friendly!
Just came in for a quick to go and ended up finding my new chill spot
The best new place this year
Yummy yummy ice cream.  A great way to end a lovely evening.
Food was great and cheap. love the salsa bar they have
Great Time. Delicious drinks, better service. Highly recommended!
Great food, cool bar. Cozy inside and nice outdoor bar too.
Really good food and great service! We liked this place a lot. Smiles all around.
Best best best can't get enough!!!!
Phenomenal food and service!! I would highly recommend this place
Service was on point, never left wanting, our server Lisa and Mizzo are great!
Good meat quality! Good service! Fast service and everything is on point!
Yuhao was a great server and the food was amazing defiantly coming here again
Gen in vegas a must try! The food and service was great. Lisa was amazing
Love the meats and the atmosphere. Great value for the price.
Richard, good hustle! You rock!!
Great food and great service!
This place is Bomb.com!
Best Korean bbq spot in Henderson. Highly recommend the kfc and marinated beef
Very nice kbbq spot. Quality meat. Very fast service. Totally worth the money.
Worst service!!! New establishment with no bartender, no organization and ok food!
Go Raymond! Thanks for your awesome service...! Hope you win, you work hard!
I LUV UR BBQ LONG TIME! Highly recommendable. Prompt and courteous service too.
Thanks Seong for your kind and quick service!!!!
Service and food on point
Good food. Ayce for only $20. Fast and friendly crews..We will come again for sure.
Lots of fun! Great food! Fast service!
Meat was excellent. Service was also great. Definitely recommend harami miso
Outstanding service, good food, reasonable price! Kailin was very attentive.
Excellent service from our waitress jaenica. 10/10 would eat here again
Awesome way to have a meal!  JJ was a great server too. Unlimited eats for $20!
Awesome Place ... Just go try it !!!  Super FRESH
Perfect! I have been here two times and will be back again
Meilleur nourriture afghane que j'ai mangé de ma vie!!!!! Délicieux!
Awesome food and great people!
Great good. Great people!
The best Chinese restaurant here so far. And the service is very polite.
This place is awesome. Try their fish with tofu.
Nice staff. Quiet so far. Food looks good and is great. Very spicy so be careful
Being there two times. it is very great!
Amazing service and prices!  Best part of all......they come to you!
Philly steak is awful period. Not even close to good quality.
Omg this place has the best burger. Never will I go to a red robins again.
Great service! Great sushi! Happy to have a solid sushi spot in Arcadia now.
I LOVE sushiholic and I'm so glad they are in my neighborhood!
Outstanding customer service! Mike and his team is great!
They have some cute Halloween bracelets and what not. Love the holiday touch!
cheese cake is very delicious！
Delicious and authentic!
Delicious!! Thank you for the healthy and yummy menu!!
La major restaurante con todas las cosas bonitas comidas. Te amo.
One word to describe el guero canelo...DELICIOUS!
Hot dogs are amazing!!!
Good food. Great local beers
True Roman pizza is built on a simple, sweet crust, with a simple, homemade tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella cheese that all act as the foundation for the flavor explosion of fresh toppings. Omaggio is exactly this. Simple, balanced and perfect.
Awesome, awesome pizza!  Best in Charlotte.
Le meilleur petit dejeuner de vegasThe best breakfast in vegas
They are liars. Don't go here!
Possibly the best taco I've had yet great service as well
Best tacos ever! I got chicken tacos and chicken quesadilla.
Clean place and good  service. So any items in the menu to try over time.
Very professional. Fixed my iPad screen and have no problems whatsoever.
awesome food and friendly service
Perfect breakfast place! Corned beef hash was excellent!
Best, honest, fastest service you could ask for.
Excellent service. Upfront about costs. Will recommend to family & friends.
Great place!! Good food and nice staff.
This place is great! Simple, fresh, and the acai bowls are a MUST try.
Great service great food fun people. Get extra napkins and a bib.
My 5 year olds could have done a better job! $35 wash....should of been $2
Food here is GREAT the menu is full of yummy goodness.
A very clean sports bar ambiance.  Nice seating options and patio.
Best bar in Arizona!  Great food- great service- all your friends are there!
Nice new restaurant! We came here accidently but food was pretty good. Worth to try！
Got to try the fried guac!
No decafe espresso for latte. They lost my business. Forced us to go elsewhere.
Minimal beer list /tapsBeer was flat Bacon great !Service fine
I wouldn't call this ramen. U won't see me here again
Very good selection of boots, Stetson hats, belts. The reptile skins are unreal.
Amazing wine menu and food.  The place is beautiful!  Definitely check it out.
Lamb kabobs are good, cooked well done, just right.spicy
Expensive but to be expected.
Love this place, the food and drinks where great! So glad your here in Charlotte
Best pho in town!!! The broth is super good
Love how the flavors are so realistic.
Beautiful but service sucks. Waited forever for a waitress
An amazing place great service and holy tv's batman!!!!
It's my second night here in a row. My food and service is excellent.
They treat staff poorly, and food was to salty
I love this starbucks . Everything is so clean & new! And is very spacious!
Delicious lunch at GLOW
Really enjoyed breakfasts today everything was exceptional and we will be back
Wow..Again a AAA++++Find..Don't miss !!Oh yes.. the coffee is wonderful!
Over priced minimal food on your plate and the coffee tastes like a dog produced it.
Ordered and enjoyed the CK Special and Oatmeal Brûlée- both were outstanding!!
Yummy drinks, good cookies, friendly staff, fun atmosphere.
My wife loves her some Soda Shop! The iced oatmeal cookie is great!
Late night is the best!
Love harkins. They are always good with loyalty cups and free popcorn passes.
Great food and service. Better than the Farmhouse in Gilbert downtown.
Super good food, great sauces! I've eaten here once and I will definitely be back.
The only tip i have is to check your order before leaving. Both times going caught somethin  missing before leaving out the door. Also biggest thing is there poor  customer service NOT FRIENDLY AND EMPLOYEES ARGUE WITH EACH OTHER
Super good food, great sauces! I've eaten here once and I will definitely be back.
Delicious as always! Doesn't matter which chatime go!!!
Adorable menu- great staff - can't wait to go back
Very good donuts and great service. I am glad to give my money to a small business
Great fresh donuts. The cinnamon rolls are so light and delicious
Cute little 24 hour spot.. Love that they have a lot of teas to choose from
Awesomes spot!! I have been completely satisfied EVERY time!!
The best glazed donuts in town!!!
Awesome shop. Great personality. Great doughnuts and bagel dogs
Best doughnuts I've ever hard. 5 stars.
It was ok. Not mind blowing donuts but good. The maple bacon was awesome though.
Best doughnuts in Charlotte!! But true coffee enthusiast will hate the coffee...
Very satisfied they do excellent work Will definitely recommend coming here
The best soft shell crab on Vegas
Great food, awesome service and the atmosphere is cool. I will definitely be back.
Perfect Lobster, shrimp and clam
I'm getting SMOKIN' DEALS!It's good deal and look's soooo good!
First time here with my lady. Really good and fair prices. Definitely will come back
Smokin' Crawfish has really good food in great quality with a warm atmosphere.
I love eating here when i get my crawfish cravings!! So fresh and clean ;)
Great food and great people. A must come place in your Vegas trip!!!!!!
Best Cajun in town. Sauce in the boil is delicious. House fried rice is awesome too.
Completely underwhelmed. I paid $19 for two mediocre salads. Waaaaaay overpriced.
Awesome place! Very friendly! Loved it
Doesn't accept credit cards, car wash is very slow.
Excellent food with great pricing! Referring all my family to eat here.
Out of all the Thai places I've tried in the tempe area sa bai is by far the best!
My favorite pizza in town!!!! By far!!!!!
Great place. Neat atmosphere.
Great team! Great food!
Yeah, Vegas version container. I thought these are good for a gift to overseas friends.
Awesome food! A little pricy but the food was really great! Definitely will be back.
Great food got the chicken parm it was fantastic!!
Best spot on Mt Washington
This place sucked, bad food, bad service, good view
This place sucked, bad food, bad service, good view
Gita did amazing, she took care of my brows.
Worst  service ever will never come back
This is the best mexican restaurant in las vegas.
Fantastic wine bar in Mint Hill with NC Craft Beer on tap. A local gem
The pastries are phenomenal and I love that they are GLUTEN-free!
Great service, great prices,amazing place.
It's the best by far in Vegas ! I recommend the Branzino and the bananas fosters !
Great time. Gets bigger each year!!
The food was spicy, hot and awesome!  The beignet was fresh and delicious!
Great place and Gary is an artist with the clippersWould highly recommend
Check out the new location!!! Excellent breakfast burritos!!!
Love it here! Great workout with great people!
Best waffles I've ever had...I get banana, Nutella and whipped cream. Yummy.
amazing! just amazingly great
Bland.  Service is so so Too many choices on a hard to read menu.
Great atmosphere. Staff is excellent. I recommend the enchiladas del mar.
Friendly staff, clean restaurant, delicious burgersand fries....my kinda place!
I went here 2 weeks ago and I loved it.  Very beautiful place and friendly staff.
Andy is the best !! Great all the way around!!
Fresh and delicious. Excellent service.
Awesome service. I was so satisfied with the price. Way cheaper than discount tire
The food and staff are outstanding!! What a great addition to the area!!
My 1st hair removal treatment. Love it  it just became my first permanent spa:)
Great food and owners. Affordable prices as well. Will be back!
Had the chorizo tacos, they were awesome! I recommend you give this spot a try
Great Food. Everything made fresh.
Great atmosphere, wonderful service, and delicious food.
Awesome..,,,,great staff, great food,,,,,I'll be back as often as possible!
Love this place! Best food I've had since moving to Arizona! The service was great!
First time here, Hands down Amazing Food.
yummy vegan anarcho taco. hard to find a place in Phoenix that offers a vegan taco.
Nice food , amazing Indian fast food , loved dosa and vada pav
Best Jersey Mikes around!
Fast easy and pain free!
Awesome place. I love it here! Great pizza great pasta and great stromboli!
About to put zombies down!
Amazing to say the least !! Going back Thursday or Friday
Fantastic Japanese with super friendly service.
Not authentic but has a great variety and is pretty good.
Chicken tastes like rubber! So weird. Flavor was good though.
Food was delicious. The place was clean.
Incredibly talented photographer and very professional with his work.
Great breakfast sandwich! Fast, hot and good.
To $$$, better off going to a ALL YOU CAN EAT, never going there!
Amazing service. Amazing food. No complaints. Check it out.
No other place like this in the World! One of a kind.
Awesome food great owner treats everyone like family highly recommended!
Amazing food definitely coming back. Garlic knots are a must have!!!!
The best coffee you will ever have. The cold brew is amazing.
Quick, friendly service and an expertly made latte.
Great food, staff and service!I will be a regular here for sure!
Amazing for BWW!! Great place to watch a game and get a drink!
Fantastic sushi and good conversation with the staff. They don't over order fish so the final product is always fresh. I have tried many sushi places and this and Sakana are the freshest bestest deals in town.  The waiters also since and dance if you ask them and the chefs can imitate things like fish and octopus that live in the sea if you ask nicely too
I needed a car key made before leaving the next day for Mexico. He went out of his way to find the right key, even leaving after 6pm and returning after 8 and working almost an hour to get it all working right! I do highly recommend!!
Such yummy food and great prices. A Must try is there hot sauce!!
Bad ass service!!! Changed my view on a lot of different flavors!
Amazing chicken fingers!  The sauce is awesome with the fry's also.
Yum yum lots of options with pies!  Great service and awesome breakfast food.
Great food, great service and atmosphere!  We can't wait to return!!!
Atlantic Rolls are tasty!!! Even better at Happy Hour!!! 50% off
Great food huge portions!!!
The service was fast and friendly  and the prime rib was amazing
Finally real southern food!!
AMAZING FOOD EVER!! I'm not into different foods but this restaurant is my favorite.
Great food and great atmosphere. We will definitely be going there a lot.
Great staff and great food !!!!
Another great area hookah spot. Great prices, service and shisha. Clean and new.
Good homemade pastries at a fair price.
So full. So amazing. Would write more but I'm too busy continually stuffing my face.
Hreat place authentic greek food. Must try!
Delicious gyros, excellent tzatziki. Amazing baklava. Definitely my new lunch spot
Great gyros. Finally in my area
Great place to chill and play some games!!!
Hole in the wall dive with some elite hot dog action.
This place is a hidden gem. Food is excellent , extremely nice chef/owner
Delicious! Friendly service. My husband loved the soup and I loved the sashimi
This restaurant is run by a bunch morons. Don't expect any services.
Food was great.  Service was great too.  I will return for more seafood noodle soup.
Bake seabass was very delicious. Elegant design of the restaurant.
It's the Best foot spa
Amazing food amazing brews and amazing staff!
Great Food & Service!!  Highly Recommend!!!
Everything in this restaurant is made from scratch in house!! I love it!!
Love this place!! Awesome people !! Great food !!!
Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!
nice people, greeted the moment I walked in. great sandwiches, so glad it's here!
Hands down best stylist money can buy.
Barista Artell was super friendly, personable and made my Strawberry-Banana-Whey smoothie deliciously.
